CHAIRMAN S StAtEMENt CHEAH Cheng Hye Chairman and Co-Chief Investment Offic Despite the troubles facing the financial services industry, Value Partners Group remains a steady ship. The business is profitable, our funds continues to pile on the performance awards and the Group is on track in building up its brand, resources and market position, as reflected in a strongly positive inflow of subscriptions in 2011.
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company did fall sharply in 2011, down to HK$167.3 million (basic earnings per share: HK9.5 cents) compared with HK$653.2 million the previous year. The fall was caused by a big decline in performance fees earned from our core fund management business, and also by mark-to-market losses recorded for our proprietary investments, a large part of which is invested side-by-side with clients in Value Partners funds.
The setback we see is the result of the collapse in global stockmarkets in the second half of 2011.
We are pleased to propose a dividend for 2011 of HK5.8 cents per share.

Markets don t rise every year, of course, so 2011 is an example of a bad year where Value Partners was put through a stress test. That we stayed profitable in 2011, and could still pay a bonus to employees and a dividend to shareholders, while avoiding lay-offs, showed a fundamental underlying strength. With a reputation for consistently high-quality asset management, a long performance record going back to the firm s founding in 1993, and a well developed infrastructure of support services, the Group is able to attract and hold a huge base of assets under management, which provides steady revenues even during difficult periods, in the form of a relatively small but reliable management-fee income.
During the good years, in addition to the management-fee income, we can expect huge contributions from performance fees and mark-to-market gains from proprietary investments, giving Value Partners a powerful profit potential, which is why Value Partners stock is sometimes described as a high-beta play on the outlook for Asia-Pacific stockmarkets, particularly those related to China. As a strong believer in the China story, our view is that the good years will outnumber the bad ones, providing Value Partners with a strong future. The key is to avoid losses during bad years, and indeed Value Partners has turned a profit every year since 1993, with the one exception of 1999 when an insignificant loss of HK$261,000 was recorded in the aftermath of the Asian Financial Crisis. Furthermore, going forward, the outlook for enlarging the asset base is excellent, as the Asia-Pacific region s savings and demographic profile is conducive for the rapid expansion of the region s asset-management industry.
The difficulties of 2011 can be illustrated by the performance of our flagship Value Partners Classic Fund, which recorded a fall of 17.2% (net) during the year 1 . For reference, the Morningstar Greater China Equity Fund Category on average fell by 22.2% in 2011 2 .
As a value-investor, we tend to focus on longer term performance, and this remained excellent. Since inception 19 years ago, Value Partners Classic Fund has made a profit in 14 of the 19 years, with a return averaging a net 16.9% per annum 1 compounded as of 31 December 2011. For reference, the Hang Seng and MSCI China indices recorded annualized returns of 7.1% and minus 1.5%, respectively.
In 2012, the prospects for China-related investing are improved. Since late last year, Beijing has become less concerned about fighting inflation and more concerned about encouraging economic growth, so we expect to see various government measures to boost the economy and the stockmarket. Those forecasting a hard landing for the Chinese economy face being wrong again, and our outlook is for 7.5% to 8.5% economic growth in 2012, an acceptable slowdown from 2011 s estimated 9.2%. On the Chinese mainland, about 100 million individuals own stocks, with some having invested their life savings, and the government faces pressure from these investors to stabilize the stockmarket, which has been a poor performer for the past two years.

This statement is accompanied by a report (see page 8) from the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), discussing the situation for Value Partners Group in greater detail. Here, I would highlight a few points: " Rapid growth of our exchange-traded fund (ETF) business, through our wholly owned subsidiary, Sensible Asset Management; this business includes two top-performing ETFs 2 listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, namely the Value Gold ETF (stock code 3081) and Value China ETF (stock code 3046); " Strong progress in our efforts to expand our business activities on the Chinese mainland including the establishment of the first Sino-foreign joint venture fund management company with stake held by a Hong Kong-headquartered 
" Our expansion into Taiwan s domestic asset-management industry, currently with a 60% shareholding in Value Partners Concord Asset Management, a licensed fund management firm in Taiwan; " And further industry recognition in the form of various new awards, including a special Long-Term Performance Award (10 years) from AsiaHedge Awards 2011 for our flagship Value Partners Classic Fund 1,3 .
As of the date of this writing, Value Partners Group has collected a total of more than 70 performance awards and prizes from independent ratings agencies; publications and surveys; and professional associations in a continuous flow throughout our history of 19 years. Four of our funds enjoy the highest rating of 5 stars from Morningstar, while two other of our funds have a 4-star rating 4 .
Finally, we again express our deepest gratitude and appreciation to clients, employees and shareholders.
CHEAH Cheng Hye Chairman and Co-Chief Investment Officer 1 Performance refers to that of Value Partners Classic Fund (A Units). Performance of Value Partners Classic Fund (A Units) over past five years: 2007: +41.1%; 2008: -47.9%; 2009: +82.9%; 2010: +20.2%; 2011: -17.2%. Performance figures are calculated in US dollars on NAV to NAV, with dividends reinvested. Performance data is net of all fees.
2 Morningstar data as of year-end 2011. Performance figures are calculated in US dollars on NAV to NAV, with dividends reinvested.
Performance data is net of all fees.
3 Value Partners Classic Fund is not authorized as a hedge fund by the Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) in Hong Kong according to the Code on Unit Trusts and Mutual Funds. SFC authorization is not a recommendation or endorsement of a scheme nor does it guarantee the commercial merits of a scheme or its performance. It does not mean the scheme is suitable for all investors nor is it an endorsement of its suitability for any particular investor or class of investors.
4 As of 29 February 2012. More details are available in the Report of the Chief Executive Officer.

