Chairman s Statement Only a few months have passed since the listing, on 22 November 2007, of Value Partners Group Limited on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, so there isn t a lot new to be added to the information already published in our listing prospectus. In my mind, fresh highlights would include the following: " For the year ended 31 December 2007, the Group performed very well, achieving a profi t aft er tax of HK$1,419.5 million, 65.8% higher than the previous year, representing per-share earnings of HK89 cents. Th e Group s Return on Average Equity ( ROAE ) in 2007 was a remarkable 129.5%.
" Assets under management climbed to US$7,303 million in 2007 from US$4,515 million the previous year, helped by the continuing fi ne performance of all our funds (details are provided in the accompanying Report of the Chief Executive 
" For the fi nal dividend, the Directors intend to propose HK26.6 cents per share, plus a special dividend of HK8.9 cents per share. We hope shareholders will fi nd the pay-out generous, considering the short period since the listing.
" We are cautious about prospects in 2008.
We can see that United States economic and fi nancial diffi culties have a global impact. Th e economic impact on the Greater China region, which is our major focus, should not be particularly severe, since this region enjoys huge surpluses and is able to rely on domestic consumption and investment for economic growth. But stockmarket performance and investor sentiment is another matter we have seen various periods in the past when the stockmarket did poorly even when the economy did well, and vice versa.
We think it prudent to be prepared for a period of depressed investor psychology and diminished appetite for investment risk, particularly if negative news continues to fl ow from the United States. But given our faith in China s fundamental strengths, we would see any major setback in the region s stockmarkets as a buying opportunity, since rapid economic growth will overcome poor investment sentiment, sooner or later.
What cannot be predicted is whether sooner or later refers to 2008, 2009 or an even later date. Th e complicating factor for China in 2008 is that the government needs to keep infl ation in check, and this adds to investor worries about potential harm to corporate earnings, even though most observers recognize that overall, the rapid growth of the economy is not threatened.
We still think, however, that the essential point is a simple one: whenever fi nancial markets disconnect from the real world, either by getting too far ahead or lagging too far behind ( overshooting and undershooting ), attractive opportunities would emerge to either buy or sell.
Th e best preparation for uncertainty, obviously, is robust good health. Here, the news is excellent. Fund management is all about people and systems, and in the 15 years since it set up shop, Value Partners has learnt and put to use many lessons about what it takes to be an eff ective and disciplined asset management institution. Today, we consider ourselves to be a leader in Hong Kong in all the building blocks of the asset management business: research and investment; dealing; fund-raising and managing client relationships; compliance and risk management; business development and corporate administration; and back-offi ce support 
Our staff , over 90 people, are enthusiastic and well-motivated, and they deserve the applause of all shareholders. Indeed, a majority of our staff are shareholders themselves, having bought into the Company through last November s initial public 
Value Partners corporate culture emphasizes continuous improvement, both at the level of the individual employee and at the organizational level. In 2008, we should see further expansion in our menu of funds, the penetration of new markets and new projects with our business partners. Internally, continuous improvements will further enhance our ability to carry out our mission, which is to deliver a consistently satisfactory investment experience to our clients.
One timely initiative was the introduction of a new Value Partners fund focusing on Taiwan. Th is new fund*, which required some months of preparation, was launched in March 2008 just weeks before Kuomintang leader Ma Ying-jeou won the 22 March presidential election, an event that promises to improve dramatically the outlook for Taiwan s economy and 
Cheah Cheng Hye Chairman and Chief Investment Offi cer * Th e Taiwan fund is not authorized by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong for marketing to the general public in Hong 
