Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the results of Shimao Property Holdings Limited ( Shimao Property or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2012.
Results foR the yeaR 2012 China s economic growth witnessed a noticeable slowdown during the year. It was impacted by uncertainties in the global economy triggered by the European debt crisis, together with domestic austerity policies to combat inflation. In pursuit of its key goal of stabilizing economic growth, the central government eased certain monetary policies, for instance lowering the deposit reserve requirement ratio twice in 2012, and cutting the benchmark loan interest rate by 0.25% during the year, thus fostering a more favourable environment for monetary liquidity.
Without imposing any further stringent regulatory policies, the central government reaffirmed its position on the regulation of the real estate market. Its fundamental focus remained on the uncompromising implementation of tight measures in the industry by enforcing existing policies that impose restrictions on property purchases, mortgages and prices.
China s real estate market has exhibited a stronger momentum towards recovery since the second half of the year, with property transaction volumes in many cities more than doubled as compared to the previous 
year, especially during Chinese New Year 2013. With both property prices and trading volumes surging in many cities since the second half of the year, concern was again triggered about the central government s enforcement of regulatory measures on the sizzling real estate market. Mr. Wen Jiabao, the then Premier of the State Council, while chairing the State Council Standing Committee meeting on 20 February 2013, proposed that the central government should continue to optimize its regulation of the real estate market. It was also pointed out in the meeting that, despite the fact that real estate market growth has returned to a steady pace after the implementation of regulatory measures in recent years, curbs on property speculation remains a fundamental policy of the central government. As such, its focus is on the stringent enforcement of a differentiated credit policy, and the wider trial implementation of the residential property tax reform as resulted from the rigid demand catalyzed by China s rapid urbanization, which has already resulted in a housing shortage in some cities.

Since the General Office of the State Council issued the Notice on the Further Effective Regulation on Real Estate Market on 4 March 2013, a set of new regulations has been issued by the last State Council Standing Committee meeting of the current-term government chaired by Wen Jiabao. These regulations introduced drastic measures for reining in high property prices and suppressing property speculation, and included a further upward adjustment of down-payment and mortgage loan interest rates for second-home buyers in cities with soaring property prices, the levy of a 20% capital gains tax on property transfers, and higher entry requirements for commercial housing presales. Existing policies have also been reaffirmed, including local government accountability for failure to stabilize property prices, and a stepping up of efforts to expand the property tax reform to more cities. The entire real estate market is expected to enter a new adjustment cycle in 2013. Shimao Property will modify its own sales strategy in light of market changes, restructuring its product mix to keep it in line with national policies and 
Following a series of ongoing reforms carried out by Shimao Property in 2012, which involved optimizing its management structure, extending its production line, improving its brand positioning and establishing a more powerful corporate image, the Group reached a remarkable contracted sales of RMB46.1 billion for the 
Revenue of RMB2?.6 billion was recognized for the year ended 31 December 2012, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.1% over 2011. Operating profit decreased slightly by ?.?% to approximately RMB10.0 billion as we focused on clearing residual inventory. Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to RMB5.76 billion, approximate to that of 2011. Fair value gains of investment properties, net of income tax and non-controlling interests, amounted to RMB1.36 billion (2011: fair value gains of RMB1.42 billion), while net profit from core business attributable to shareholders amounted to approximately RMB4.3? billion (2011: RMB4.56 billion), a slight year-on-year decrease of 4.0%. As a token of gratitude for the support of our 
shareholders, the board of directors of the Company (the Board ) has recommended payment of a final dividend of HK55 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2012, representing an increase of 37.5% compared with the total dividends distributed last year (throughout 2011: 
MaRket Review and 
At the beginning of 2012, the Group set a contracted sales target for 2012 of RMB30.7 billion, but actual contracted sales for the year amounted to RMB46.1 billion, exceeding the target by 50%. Total sales area amounted to 4.0? million sq.m., and average selling price was RMB11,277 per sq.m.. This excellent sales achievement bore witness to the success of the internal management enhancement programme.
The contracted sales of the Group for 2013 are targeted at RMB55 billion. As at 25 March 2013, the accumulative unrecognised contracted sales exceeded RMB40 billion, of which approximately 70% of 2013 s recognised sales have already been locked in.
The Group has been making continuous efforts to improve its internal management since the end of 2011 which included enhancing management practices and strengthening the management team. Other improvements have been implemented in the areas of product innovation, service upgrades, and enhancement of the Group s financial position.
ManageMent RefoRM and 
The starting-point for the reforms at Shimao Property was its management structure. The Group has redefined its business territories over the country, grouping them into seven main territories: the Jiangsu and Shanghai region, the Hangzhou region, the Ningbo region, the South Central region, the Western region, the Northeastern region and Bohai Rim region, together with its supplemental tourism properties business and Shanghai Shimao Co., Ltd. Regional headquarters are located in the central city of each territory to maximize management efficiency.
Meanwhile, the original independent development and marketing teams have been combined, allowing the marketing team to participate at every stage of the regional company business, and to contribute to areas such as product research, business plan construction, customer service and sales.

Our integrated capacity has also been greatly strengthened by the implementation of strict management measures.
We have started to formulate a series of quality control measures; for instance, its 3-tier correlation system links with the Group, regional offices and projects in the development of new vital projects, and we have established a committee to review the design of our regional developments. In addition, the Group has enforced regular inspections by five different parties during project construction in order to assess features such as progress, quality, and management. Any failure to fulfill inspection benchmarks must be corrected immediately.
As for talent development, the Group launched its fledgling and rising star plan , veteran plan , and elite plan since 2011. In particular, approximately 110 freshmen were recruited in 2012 under the fledgling plan and rising star plan ; under the veteran plan , a total of ?0 experienced hands joined the Group as at the end of 2012, through directly attracting excellent talent in the industry, the Group sharpened its competitiveness in human resource and enriched its talent pool; thanks to the elite plan , the Group managed to optimize talent flows of the industry as well as identified and attracted senior management elite from top 10 companies in the industry, providing direct support to the expansion in business coverage of the Group. These initiatives enabled the Group to provide everyone in its internal talent pool with a tailor-made career development plan.

PRoduct innovation and 
Driven by its management reforms, Shimao Property has restructured its product mix and has launched more products to cater for core demand, along with other brand new products in response to demand for housing upgrades. In 2012, out of more than 40 projects being sold by the Group, over 30 had their original large-sized apartment design modified to incorporate large, medium and small units. In addition to product innovation, the Group has established a comprehensive service system to create value through service, so that Shimao Property s products are able to add value due to their intrinsic features rather than depending on other factors for price rises.
With an initiative to boost the value of home-owners assets, Shimao Property introduced a 7 days a week24 hours a day Owners Value-added Service scheme jointly with its business partners. The scheme provides property management services up to the standard of 5-star hotels. Shimao Property also provides a lease management entrustment service through an electronic marketing platform that home-owners can use to generate rental income.

PRudent oPeRations and 
In accordance with our prudent business strategy, since early 2012 the Group has made the lowering of its gearing ratio as a key objective. It accelerated collection of sales receivables, and included sales revenue and cash flows in its comprehensive results ranking indicators and assessment system. Consequently the Group managed to reduce its net gearing ratio significantly, from ?1.6% at the end of 2011 to 6?.3% by the first half of 2012 and further scaled down to 55.?% at the end of 2012.
Meanwhile, in order to optimize its capital structure and minimize capitalization costs, the Group fully suspended credit facilities with high interest rates and therefore effectively controlled interest costs which decreased to 7.7% in 2012 from 7.?% in 2011. The Group closed a syndicated loan of approximately US$670 million equivalents from a bank consortium in November 2012 and issued senior notes amounting to US$?00 million in early 2013, extending the overall maturity of its debts. The Group has enjoyed healthy financial conditions. As at 31 December 2012, the Group had cash of approximately RMB1?.1 billion, as well as unutilized credit facilities of approximately RMB10.0 billion.
Given the outstanding annual sales and abundant cash resources, the Group begun to enrich its land reserve since the latter half of 2012 in preparation for future sales growth. In the latter half of 2012, the Group increased 
its land reserve by acquiring a total of approximately 1.3 million sq.m. of residential land in Hainan Wenchang, Shanghai, Fuzhou Minhou, Wuhan Caidian, Nanjing and Nantong, and its residential land reserve continued to grow with the acquisition of approximately 1.25 million sq.m. in Ningbo, Hangzhou and Jinan as of 2? February 2013. Currently, Shimao Property holds over 70 projects in 3? cities across the country, amounting to approximately 36.22 million sq.m. of quality land. Shimao Property s high-quality land resources, acquired at relatively low cost, will continue to give momentum to its growth in major cities in China in the coming years.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our shareholders, partners and customers for their tremendous support, as well as local governments for their co-operative assistance.
I would also like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to our directors, management and staff for their valuable contributions. Their care and support have brought the Group success and enabled us to achieve our 
Hui Wing Mau 
Hong Kong, 26 March 2013 