Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the annual results of Shimao Property Holdings Limited ( Shimao Property , Shimao or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2014.
REVIEW AND OUTLOOK In 2014, the national real estate market underwent a transition by entering into a silver era from a golden era.
The government s macro regulatory control policy also changed. The central government delegated its power to local governments to regulate real estate market and therefore local governments were allowed a higher degree of freedom. Meanwhile, the way to regulate the real estate market in 2014 was different from previous years. In the past, the keynote of regulatory control over real estate market was determined or announced at major meetings or reports of the central government.
Such practice was not followed in 2014. Housing price was not mentioned in the work report issued by the government in March. The policy of differentiated regulation was introduced instead which provided the local governments with room to determine their regulatory policy in accordance with their respective geographical features. On the other hand, monetary policy and administrative measures were also introduced and implemented together to have better regulation of the market. Market forces were also used for self-regulation. In 2014, influenced by a number of favourable policies including the lifting of stringent administrative measures such as home purchase curb and control on mortgage together with the introduction of monetary measures comprising the interest rate cut and targeted reduction, the real estate market resumed stability and recovery.
As the real estate market developed and the urbanization progress continued, the discrepancies among cities or even among different regions in the same city became obvious. The one fits for all approach on the regulatory control of real estate market is no longer applicable to the current market.

Differentiated regulatory control of the real estate market was proposed in the working report of the central government published in March 2014, which permitted the local governments to fine tune local policy with reference to the actual situation of local markets. Home purchase curb was removed in cities under considerable pressure of oversupply. Moreover, some local governments encouraged home purchase by providing attractive incentives, reducing stamp duty and allowing higher loan from housing provident fund to alleviate the problem of surplus and restore the balance of real estate market. Home purchase curb was still in force in some cities, such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Sanya. Cities having huge amount of outstanding housing provident fund loans even lowered the loan limit to prevent the market from 
The underwhelming performance of the real estate market at the beginning of 2014, which was a typical low season, did not draw much attention in the industry.
However, the market did not restore to normal as 
expected and even showed a tendency of decline in the following months, reflecting potential buyers strong view to adopt a wait and see attitude. The unexpected price cuts by some projects in Hangzhou arouse the market. Cities under serious pressure of high inventory and oversupply subsequently came to the surface.
Hohhot was the first city to lift its home purchase curb in June when market sentiment was pessimistic and many cities followed suit. In the fourth quarter, of the 46 cities in the country with home purchase curb, only Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Sanya stayed put the restrictions. However, the lifting of restrictions did not attract rapid rebound of transaction volume as expected. Only a few cities experienced a surge in transaction volume due to concentrating record filings in the month in which the restrictions were lifted while most cities saw no significant change in transaction volume. Some cities escalated their efforts to restore the real estate market and boosted demand through the adjustments of housing provident fund loan, reduction of stamp duty, allowance for home purchase and preferential household registration rules.

Home purchase curb was literally withdrawn in most cities and a number of fine-tuned adjustments were introduced. However, the real estate market still showed no sign of turn around. The problem of excessive supply was hard to resolve at once. Immediately before the National Day, the central bank and the CBRS jointly announced the relaxation of mortgage requirements of first-home buyers, representing an adjustment to the control on mortgage . Home buyers without outstanding mortgage loans would be considered as first-home buyers even if they have already purchased their first home. The rate cuts by the central bank were followed by the cutting of interest rate of housing provident fund loan by 0.25 percentage point by about 20 cities. The 930 policy and reduction of interest rate of housing provident fund loan reflected the general attitude of the government towards the real estate market, leading to the change of wait and see attitude of some potential buyers. On the other hand, some developers seized such opportunities and boosted sales by cutting prices. Developers promoted their property projects through active online marketing activities such as Real Estate Double Eleven (0W"uASN) and Real Estate Crowd Funding (?b0W"u>wL|), resulting in a swift increase in the transaction volume in November followed by a further improvement in December. The market as a whole was recovering throughout the fourth 
In light of the current condition of the overall economy and real estate market, it is expected that the policies of the real estate market will remain loose in 2015 to ensure its steady development and avoid overheating or cooling of market. It is believed that the central government will continue to use market forces rather than administrative measures to regulate the real estate market. Local governments will continue to regulate the market by adjusting housing provident fund loan and stamp duty. The status of market will remain the same as in 2014, which neither suppression nor excessive stimulation will be imposed to boost the economy.

Amidst these cyclical market fluctuations, competition in the real estate industry becomes more intensified and enterprises exercised greater flexibility to alter their adaptability. The top 10 real estate enterprises achieved a further expansion of their market share in 2014. The Group recorded contracted sales of RMB70.216 billion in 2014. Despite the considerable liquidity pressure in the industry as well as the unfavourable market conditions against sales, the Group climbed to No. 8 from No. 9 on 
In 2014, the Group recognized revenue of RMB56.081 billion, representing a substantial increase of 35.1% over 2013. Operating profit increased by 27.0% to approximately RMB15.671 billion. Profit attributable to shareholders reached RMB8.104 billion, representing an increase of 9.7% over last year. Excluding major after-tax non-cash items amounted to approximately RMB0.197 billion (2013: RMB0.071 billion), net profit from core business attributable to shareholders amounted to approximately RMB7.907 billion (2013: RMB7.319 billion), representing a year-on-year increase of 8.0%.
If the effects of foreign exchange gains and share of profits of associated companies and joint ventures of approximately RMB1.325 billion were excluded in 2013, net profit from core business attributable to shareholders for 2014 would increase by approximately 31.9% over the previous year. To demonstrate our appreciation for our shareholders unstinting support, the board of directors of the Company (the Board ) has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK60 cents per share (2013: HK81 cents) for the year ended 31 December 2014. Together with an interim dividend of HK30 cents per share, the total contribution for the year will amount to HK90 cents per share (throughout 2013: 
In 2014, the Group s operations realized sales of RMB70.216 billion. The aggregate sales area for the year amounted to 5.789 million sq.m., at an average selling price of RMB12,130 per sq.m..

BEST-SELLING PROPERTIES IN DIFFERENT 
China s real estate market entered a period of adjustment again in 2014, characterized by shrinking trading volume and slow-moving inventory level.
Nevertheless, the Group was able to stand against adversity and achieved an overall stable growth. Some projects in our strategic markets in Fujian province and Yangtze River Delta region won the annual best-selling 
In Fujian province, sales of Shishi Shimao Skyscraper City amounted to RMB4.9 billion, representing more than 90% of the market share in Shishi and ranking first in Fujian province. Xiamen Shimao Lakeside Garden was again the best-selling property in Xiamen and recorded revenue of RMB3.8 billion. Both projects were among the Top 10 besting-selling properties in China of 2014. Sales of many projects, including Fuzhou Minhou Shimao Dragon Bay, Fujian Jinjiang Shimao Dragon Bay and Fuzhou Pingtan Straits Future City, were the highest in the local markets for three to four consecutive years.
In Yangtze River Delta region, sales of Nanjing Shimao Bund New City amounted to RMB3.7 billion for the year.
The growth rate of price and sales of Nanjing Shimao Bund New City were the highest in Nanjing. Together with two other projects, namely, Nanjing Straits City and Nanjing Shimao Glory Villa, the property sales volume of the Group ranked first in Nanjing. Changzhou Shimao Champagne Lake ranked first in Changzhou real estate market in terms of sales and sales area. Zhangjiagang Shimao Lake Palace increased its market share to about 50% and ranked first in the villa market of Zhangjiagang despite sluggish real estate market and low demand.

GROWTH TO ACHIEVE EQUILIBRIUM According to the 2014 Top 100 of Real Estate Enterprises of China (2014t-N W?b0W"uOmi.U TOP100cLi) published by relevant research institute, the Group ranked eighth among its peers.
Although the market continued to fluctuate throughout 2014, the sales of the Group remained stable for ten consecutive months after the Chinese New Year through setting reasonable pricing and fine-tuning sales schedule in accordance with the market trend.
Sales between RMB6.0 billion to RMB7.0 billion for eight months were recorded. The overall results were stable and sound. Turnover rate of the Group further increased in 2014. Financial structure remained strong and healthy, achieving a sustainable growth to cope with any latent changes in the market and laying a solid foundation for the growth of business in 2015.
The Group adopted the strategy of Growth to achieve Equilibrium in view of the characteristics of the market in 2014 and strategically slowed down the pace of expansion. Results are no longer the only assessment 
of performance. Compared to scale of business and pricing strategy, more emphases were placed on rate of return and profit margin. The Group only reduced prices on properties with high inventory while it insisted to maintain a reasonable profit margin on properties which have been launched for sale for around a year. While the Group did not make profits at the expense of quality, it accelerated its transformation towards a Lifestyle Operator through a series of measures such as refining corporate core values, reforming core strategies and developing innovative products.
THE PLATINUM AGE OF INTERNET The emerge of mobile Internet has triggered the evolution of business models of wearing, catering and transportation . In 2014, it also profoundly influenced the accommodation model. The real estate industry of China entered into a new and critical stage of development in the year.
Valuing the development of real estate enterprises by existing indicators such as growth rate and turnover rate will only enable the enterprises to enter into the silver 
age . Mobile Internet will change the business models of the real estate industry. In future, the business and operation of the real estate industry will become people-oriented. The real estate enterprises that are able to remove industrial barriers in short term and attract resources of high quality from multiple sectors so as to serve the ever-changing demands of customers towards lifestyle will be capable to go into the platinum age of corporate development.
In 2014, the Group accelerated the speed of migration into the new concept and technology of mobile Internet.
Through the introduction of apps such as e-Property ([LR), e-Community (>y@S=0W) and Shimao e-Life (Neu;m) on our cloud platform, Shimao laid a solid foundation for the integration of online and offline 
The breakthroughs on technologies and ideas brought numerous opportunities which connect real estates and many other areas. In 2015, notwithstanding the property market may experience some mild fluctuations and disequilibrium may arise in many cities, developers should make use of the opportunities to develop innovative products. Focusing on the new targets, the Group has taken the initiative in 2015 to establish a multi-functional lifestyle research team to carry out in-depth studies of customer needs and innovative research and development.
A series of innovative products of the Group are ready to launch. MiniMax Hotel Shanghai Songjiang opened at Christmas in 2014 is a mini hotel customized for post- 80s and post-90s customers based on the new concept of social and e-commerce platforms. Apart from Mini Hotels, the Group will also continue to introduce mini and innovative products this year, including theme parks and Mini Malls, and replicate such business model for rapid development. In addition, some successfully developed products covering the full life cycle will also 
LAND RESERVES MORE PRUDENT 
In 2014, the Group continued to increase its supply in first- and second-tier cities. A more prudent approach was adopted in land acquisition due to imbalance of supply and demand and fiercer competition in the market. In 2014, the Group acquired a total of 7.39 million sq.m. of land with residential land use in Jiangyin, Yinchuan, Quanzhou, Jinjiang, Chongqing, Hangzhou, Nanning, Xi an, Hefei, Xiamen, Dalian, Shanghai, Beijing, Chengdu, Hong Kong, Nanjing and Jianyang. Currently, the Group holds 104 projects totaling 36.07 million sq.m.
(attributable interests) of quality land in 41 cities in the country. These development projects, which situate in the local core region or land with high potential for development, are all supported by considerable researches and meticulous calculations, which are in line with the Group s defined land reserve standards.
The Group s high-quality land resources and stringent controls over land costs give the unwavering support to the business results in national prime markets in the 
STRENGTHENING THE GROUP S FINANCIAL 
In 2014, the Group upheld the prudent business strategy, introduced measures to further optimize the Group s capital structure and lowered the capital costs.
After successfully issuing US$600 million senior notes due 2021 on 22 January 2014, the Group utilized new and additional loan and bonds to repay part of its high interest short-term loans and bonds, further reducing its collective interest costs. The Group continued its strategic cooperation with Bank of China (Hong Kong), Agricultural Bank of China, China Construction Bank and other financial institutions. The financing facilities are abundant. As at 31 December 2014, unutilized credit facilities amounted to approximately RMB18.000 billion, providing low-cost and long-term financial support to the Group. In consolidating its steady and healthy development, the Group obtained a four-year 
syndicated loan of US$736 million equivalent from a bank consortium on 31 July 2014. The new arrangement furnished the Group with an option of early redemption of senior notes of US$500 million in August 2014 that were originally due in 2017. As of 31 December 2014, the Group held sufficient reserves, with approximately RMB23.935 billion in cash.
Moreover, on 10 February 2015, the Group issued US$800 million 8.375% senior notes due in 2022 which was oversubscribed by 7.25 times, reflecting the recognition to the Group by the capital market. On 8 March 2015, the Group fully redeemed US$350 million 11% senior notes due in 2018. On 17 March 2015, the Group issued additional US$300 million senior notes due in 2022. After the additional issues, the total offshore bonds increased from US$1.75 billion to US$2.5 billion.
The average maturity extended from 5.02 years to 5.99 years. The average coupon rate decreased from 8.01% 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our shareholders, partners and customers for their tremendous support, as well as the local governments we have worked with for their co-operative assistance.
I would also like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to our directors, management and staff for all their valuable contributions. The Group s success together with fulfillment of corporate goals are attributable to their support and commitment.
Hui Wing Mau 
Hong Kong, 31 March 2015 