Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the annual results report of Shimao Property Holdings Limited ( Shimao Property or the Company , and together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2010.

2010 ANNuAl RESulTS The PRC real estate industry was unsettled throughout 2010. The State Council issued the Notice of the State Council on Resolutely Curbing the Soaring of Housing Prices in Some Cities in April 2010 to set out the requirements for curbing overheating housing prices, which was followed by a series of tightening policies, including raising the down payment of the second property, restricting mortgage loans for purchasing the third property, accelerating the construction of affordable housing, the adjustment of deed tax levied on housing transactions and the implementation of the preferential policy on individual income tax. In this regard, the major cities subsequently promulgated and 
implemented the rules of implementation, which generally impose limitations on the number of housing properties to be acquired by each household. At the end of the year, after prolonged deliberations, the real estate tax was introduced and piloted in Shanghai and Chongqing. As a result of the regulatory policies of the central government on the real estate market, the trading volume of 
Against the pressure of various regulatory policies, Shimao Property gave an impressive performance by achieving its annual contracted sale target of RMB30.5 billion. During the year, Shimao pursued both vertical and horizontal developments through accelerating the turnover and the 
expansion strategy. In response to the changing market, the marketing strategies have been adjusted flexibly. In a bid to expand the land bank reserve, the Group introduced and implemented the land acquisition policy.
Besides, coupled with further improvement and optimization of various management systems covering engineering, costs, designs and finance, a unified intelligent information platform has been set up assuring the Group of more scientific and efficient management structure and system.
During the year under review, revenue of RMB21.79 billion was recognized, representing an increase of 28% compared with 2009. Operating profit rose by 55% to approximately RMB9.29 billion. Profit for the year was RMB5.49 billion, representing a growth of 52% over last year. Excluding the net impact of major non-cash items after tax: fair value gains on investment properties of RMB1.75 billion (2009: RMB160 million), zero gain on deemed disposal to non-controlling interests (2009: gains of RMB936 million), depreciation of RMB204 million (2009: RMB179 million) and goodwill impairment 
of RMB68 million (2009: RMB153 million) which totalled RMB1.48 billion, core profit amounted to approximately RMB4.01 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 
As a token of our gratitude to shareholders enduring support, the board of directors (the Board ) recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK25 cents (2009: HK23 cents) per share for the year ended 31 December 2010. The annual dividend payout ratio was approximately 30.4%. The Company will adhere to a stable dividend policy and maintain annual dividend distribution at a reasonable level. The Board will also take into consideration of various factors such as the Group s profit, cash flow, capital requirements and other factors as deemed relevant when deciding on the annual dividend proposal.
MARkET REvIEw ANd 
In response to the State Council s decision in 2010 to tighten up the monetary liquidity and curb inflation, the central bank has made six upward adjustments to the deposit 
reserve ratio during the year, and then three upward adjustments from 1 January 2011 to date. A total of three upward adjustments have been made to the benchmark deposit and loan interest rate since October 2010, suggesting that more stringent austerity measures will be adopted. As such, real estate developers might face another huge challenge in financing. Further, the relevant pilot implementation measures of the property tax have been also rolled out in Shanghai and Chongqing.
Looking ahead to 2011, challenges breed opportunities. In tune with the central government s attempt at solidifying and maximising the results of the preliminary regulatory measures, the State Council further launched eight policies and measures to reinforce the differential housing credit policies, under which the down payment for purchasing the second housing property shall be equivalent to at least 60% of the 
purchase price when applying for housing loans; the implementation scope of the purchase restriction policy shall be extended; and the accountability mechanism for housing protection and invitation to discuss stabilisation of housing prices is rolled out. In reporting the government work to the fourth meeting of the Eleventh National People s Congress on 5 March, Wen Jiabao, Premier of the State Council, pointed out that the regulation and control on the real estate market should be strictly and persistently implemented. In this regard, the scale of the affordable housing construction shall be further extended on the one hand and the regulatory policies on the real estate market shall be strictly implemented and further improved on the other, so as to curb steadfastly the momentum of overheating housing prices in certain cities. The differential housing credit policies and taxation policies are stringently implemented with adjustments to the taxation policies relevant to real estate, coupled 
with reinforced taxation management, the speculative housing purchase will be cracked down. Thirdly, a comprehensive examination and accountability mechanism shall be set up, under which the local authorities failing to stabilise housing prices and promote the affordable housing construction, and thus impeding the social development and stability, shall assume liabilities. This suggests a further regulated environment of the real estate market and sets a sensible and clear direction for the industry in the long run.
In line with the objectives and missions proposed under the Twelfth Five-Year Plan, Shimao Property has identified new changes and characteristics of domestic and international environment. Instead of positioning itself as a sheer residential property developer, Shimao Property is committed to becoming an integrated real estate group by expanding its business to ecological housing, commercial properties, 
tourism properties as well as properties for high-tech industry players across the Straits. Based on our development history and experience, a rapid development hinges on constant innovation. Operation under a single mode will not only heighten risks but may also cause bottlenecks to the corporate development and expansion. As such, Shimao Property has to set foot on the road of diversification through an in- depth exploration of the real estate industrial chain, the development of the advanced manufacturing industry, the modern service industry and the high-technology industry, as well as increasing the proportion of self- owned properties with an aim to minimise the risks associated with changing policies and promote orderly and reasonable 
From time to time, Shimao Property has its core advantage in the residential property sector. Leveraging its enormous 
quality resources with huge potential for development, the Company will make the best of those resources and monitor risks to enhance the profitability as well as maintain and strengthen the prestige of Shimao .
The commercial and the tourism sectors are important parts forming the modern service industry with a bright outlook for development. In recent years, due to the tightening real estate policies, the commercial property segment becomes an important battlefield in a new-round competition in the real estate industry. Shanghai Shimao Co., Ltd. ( Shanghai Shimao ), being one of the Four Major Carriages of the Group, principally carries on various business segments such as commercial property development, the operation of shopping centres and department stores, as well as the investment in cinemas in a bid to build up integrated businesses covering the entire commercial sector. In the meanwhile, Shimao Property capitalised on the opportunities brought by the tourism properties including the hotel industry. Last year, the income per capita in China reached US$4,000, resulting in a dramatic transition of the consumption pattern, i.e. the successful transition from the functional consumption to the experience consumption. The tourism sector has huge potential for development in China. Shimao Tourism (NeJ), being a new Carriage , is an integrated company engaging in both the tourism industry and the leisure and hospitality property industry. Given the interaction between these two industries, the development of tourism properties will be taken as an entry point, which integrates tourism, vacation, healthcare, hotel and ancillary development and services. By exploring quality resources, Shimao Property is committed to addressing the issues of consolidation and healthy development confronting the real estate industry amidst the new environment.

The Twelfth Five-Year Plan highlights and promotes the application and combination of high technologies into traditional industries.
Against the backdrop of historical improvement of the cross-Straits relations in recent years, Shimao Property joined hands with various enterprises in cross-Straits, including the Mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan, to establish Straits Construction Investment (Holdings) Limited ( Straits Construction ), which is specialised in the investment and operation of various industries such as the urban construction in cross-Straits cities, the modern service industry, the advanced manufacturing industry and the high technology industry. In March 2011, Straits Construction has successfully acquired a parcel of quality land located at Nanjing Hexi 
In 2011, Shimao Property sets its contracted sales target as RMB36 billion and is committed to positioning itself as a diversified enterprise integrating various real estate business segments. Shimao Property is poised to become the industry pioneer in diversification and innovation.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank all our shareholders, partners, local governments and customers for their tremendous support.
At the same time, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to our directors, management and staff for their enormous contribution. Their support has enabled the Group to achieve its success 
Hui Wing Mau 
Hong Kong, 22 March 2011 