Chairman s Statement 
I hereby present the annual results of Shimao Property Holdings Limited ( Shimao Property or the Company and together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2008.
In 2008, the China s real estate market faced many strenuous tests and impacts in various areas, that resulted in significant market adjustments. In the first half of 2008, the macro-control measures by the central government swept in full force reducing both the price and volume of property market transactions. Subsequent natural disasters in China, such as the snowstorms and the major Sichuan earthquake, also had an unfavorable market impact. In the second half of 2008, the subprime crisis in U.S.
shattered global financial markets, economies around the world struggled against the threat of recession and the China real estate market inevitably suffered another blow.

During the year under review, the general operating environment was very difficult. Natural disasters in the mainland indirectly led to the delay in completion of some projects, which in turn affected the revenue recognition from sales of certain properties. Revenue was RMB7.2 billion for the year, representing fell 22% over 2007.
Operating profit fell by 62% in 2008 while profit attributable to shareholders of the Company decreased by 79% over 2007 to RMB841 million. Excluding after tax effect of fair value lossesgains on the investment properties, depreciation and amortization of three completed hotels and goodwill recognisedimpaired with a total amount of RMB267 million, profit from core business attributable to shareholders amounted to RMB1.1 billion, representing a decrease of 39%. In 2008 there were no one-off items as in 2007 when a gain was recorded from disposal of the Group s 29.99% interests in Wuhan Project and gain on the change of the enterprise income tax rate.

Solid Sales Performance Underpinned by National Brand Development Natural disasters in the mainland during 2008 indirectly delayed some of our project completion progress. Revenue recognition for certain projects, which had already been launched or intended to be launched in the markets by the end of 2008, were postponed respectively until 2009.
Revenue of the Group was RMB6.2 billion with the recognized saleable GFA of 688,717 sq.m. during the year.
Sales recorded came from 15 projects, including, inter alia, Shanghai Shimao Sheshan Villas, Wuhu Shimao Rivera Garden, Kunshan Shimao Butterfly Bay and Beijing Shimao Olive Garden. Revenue from sales in new projects across second and third tier cities accounted for more contribution to the Group, achieving results gradually from greater efforts made by the Group to invest in economically prosperous and rapid developing regions.
Balanced Property Portfolio Widening Profit 
During the year under review, the commercial property business performed satisfactorily. Since its commencement of operation at the beginning of the year, Beijing Shimao Tower recorded a continually increasing occupancy rate and achieved an occupancy rate of 73% at the end of 2008. Already enjoying the status as the landmark shopping center in the region, the Group s Shanghai Shimao International Plaza on Nanjing Road, Shanghai was widely recognized and supported by renowned international players and saw an increase in occupancy rate during the year to 98%, driving higher rental revenues.

In the hotel property business, after Shanghai Hyatt on the Bund held its grand opening at the end of 2007, together with Shanghai Le Mridien Sheshan and Le Royal Mridien Shanghai, the Group had invested in a total of three 5-star hotels in Shanghai providing over 1,700 guest rooms, the Group commands the largest market share in top-rate international hotels in Shanghai. Hotels under the Group received wide-ranging market accolades for their premium design and professional services, reinforcing the strength of the Shimao Property brand name.
In order to further improve the service quality of hotels, during the year under review, the Group entered into a cross-region hotel management collaboration agreement with InterContinental Hotels Group, covering the major international brand names InterContinental Hotels & Resorts , Crowne Plaza Hotels & Resorts and Holiday Inn Hotels & Resorts . The Group believes that, with the advanced internationalized management expertise and multi-brand collective edge of InterContinental Hotels, operation of these projects will bring success to the Group and build up a hotel property portfolio acclaimed by end users which will eventually help expand and diversify the Group s revenue source and steady profit contribution.
Prudent Expansion of Land Bank Reserve Ensuring Rapid Development Shimao Property has abundant land bank reserve allocated across areas with enormous development potential, including the Yangtze River Delta Region, Bohai Bay Region and other regions with rapid economic growth, enabling the Group to capture market opportunities in different regions and to reduce concentration risks.
During the year under review, the Group acquired four parcels of quality land successively with total GFA of 3.19 million sq.m., comprising sites located in Dalian City of Liaoning Province, Hangzhou City and Ningbo City of Zhejiang Province. Presently, the total planned GFA of the Group s land bank reserve has reached 25.5 million sq.m., which can provide for the development needs in the coming five to seven years. The Group will continue to expand land bank reserve in a prudent manner and efficiently utilize existing land resources to allow the Group to make great leaps forward in its national development.

Smooth Progress of Restructuring Enhancing 
The restructuring proposal involving injection of 10 commercial projects of the Group into Shanghai Shimao Co., Ltd. ( Shanghai Shimao ) as officially approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission on 3 September 2008 is an important milestone for the Group, which signifies the Group s access to the A-share market and broadened funding sources. Restructuring is estimated to be completed by the first half of 2009, upon which the Group will not only own an independent and professional commercial property group, but will also be able to raise funds through the Chinese equity and debt markets through an independent financing platform. This allows more effective fund raising at a lower cost to aid development and strengthen liquidity of the Group, while we focus our resources on facilitating the pace of development of future residential and hotel businesses.
Optimizing Corporate Governance and Bearing 
Sound corporate management will help the Group address challenges from the current difficult market environment.
By clearly delineating the corporate control and governance structure, instituting a professional team of management, optimizing the internal management system of the corporation and implementing incentive mechanisms with proven track-records, the Group is committed to the enhancement of corporate governance standards, so as to strengthen the cohesion and competitiveness of the 
Additionally, the Group adhered to its belief that corporate citizens owe an obligation to society. In 2008, as severe snowstorms whipped through the China mainland, Shimao Property immediately answered national call for aid relief and donated HK$10 million to the China Charity Foundation for rescue and reconstruction of the affected areas. Later in the year, Shimao Property not only donated RMB10 million emergency funds after the 8.0 scale earthquake in Wenchuan, Sichuan, but also contributed RMB100 million for the construction of 100 Shimao Caring Hospitals Na_b in the worst-hit zones, including Sichuan, Gansu and Shaanxi, etc., thereby giving direct support to the earthquake victims.

Future Plans and Goals 2008 was a difficult year; looking forward to 2009, market conditions will continue to be challenging. The consolation is that the central government has decisively promulgated a series of economic stimulus measures and reinstated real estate industry as an important core business supporting the national economy. Beginning in the fourth quarter, after taking into account of the financial and real estate market conditions, central and regional governments successively issued various measures to stimulate domestic demand and stabilize market conditions, including a total of five central bank interest rate cuts, lowering deed tax rates, waiving stamp duty on property transactions and delaying payments of land premium. With the support of these measures, we believe the overall market will gradually regain momentum 
With government s measures to stimulate the property market gradually taking effect and a certain level of purchasing power accumulated through the weak sales performance as shown in 2008, the Group remains cautiously optimistic about the future as demands will be driven by actual end-users. In respect of hotel property and commercial property, the Group believes the World Expo 2010 to be held in Shanghai would spur the performance of hotel businesses and provide a boost to Shimao Property with its highly-reputed hotel properties that have amassed wide recognition by domestic and international consumers. On the other hand, the acceleration of modernization and economic development in China over the years will expand demands for quality commercial properties and therefore create a beneficial environment for commercial property businesses.
To cope with forthcoming challenges and capture future opportunities, Shimao Property will review financing progress and market conditions and accordingly continue reorganization of the hotel business and further implement a development mode spearheaded by three principal businesses. Centralizing the management of residential, commercial and hotel properties under dedicated management teams with equal competence on three different platforms will unlock the the potential values and enhance management expertise in each business, thereby giving the Group an extra competitive edge for long-term 
On 9 April 2009, the Group succeeded in placing new shares with net proceeds of HK$1.9 billion. Following the completion of the placing, repayment of syndicated loans and the restructuring proposal involving injection of commercial projects into Shanghai Shimao, the financial position of the Group is expected to be improved through the enlargement of equity base and reduction of debt level, which will be beneficial to the operations and business development of the Group in the long run.

In line with the existing development strategies, the Group will continue to focus on the Yangtze River Delta and Bohai Bay Region and other rapid developing regions. A number of quality projects will be launched, where the proportion of small-to-medium residential units will be increased to adapt to government plans and cater to market needs, with the aim of expanding market share and eventually enhancing the reputation and recognition of the SHIMAO brand name. With our well-maintained good reputation, extensive project development experience and professional management teams, the Group is committed to being a quality real estate developer and achieving the highest standards of business operations, cost control and brand name development. By consolidating our core competencies, we will strive to achieve satisfactory performance and a bright future for our shareholders.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our shareholders for their faith and support of the Group and recognition of the Group s future development strategies.
Meanwhile, I would also like express my heartfelt gratitude to our staff for their dedication and enthusiasm which has been the driving force behind Shimao Property. With a series of challenges ahead, the Board will join hands with our staff to do our best to maximize shareholders returns.
Hui Wing Mau 
Hong Kong, 27 April 2009 