Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the annual results report of Shimao Property Holdings Limited ( Shimao Property or the Company , and together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2011.
2011 ANNuAl RESulTS In the year under review, the central government continued to strengthen controls over the real estate industry. Apart from the enactment of the New National Eight (e WkQh) and the New National Five (e WNh), the central government implemented new restrictive rules as well as refining existing policies. The administrative restrictions on property purchasing and price levels, extending to more than 50 cities from the major municipalities, dampened market sentiment and further slowed sales in the real estate industry. In major cities, the increased supply of commodity residential property pushed up the stockpile of new properties. In certain cities, the saleable volume of new properties matched the highs of 2010, bringing downward pressure to bear on the selling prices of commodity residential property.
The financing environment for the real estate industry continued in a tightening cycle begun early in the year, with the central bank announcing a total of 3 rate hikes and 6 increases in the deposit reserve ratio. Faced by funding challenges, real estate developers had to shorten their project launch cycles to speed up cash flow, a move that led to intensified competition. They also had to cater for increased demands from customers in areas such as product positioning, offerings across different cities, pricing and selling policies.
To proactively address these market changes, Shimao Property realigned its development and selling strategies and implemented a series of initiatives to strengthen its internal management systems. Given the impact of purchase restriction policies on demand for high-end and investment properties, the Group strategically shifted its focus to second and third-tier cities where demand from potential owner-occupiers is strong. Adopting an aggressive turnover acceleration strategy, the Group included speed of sales and speed of cash collection in its project monitoring indicators. At the same time it looked to construct more ordinary small and medium-sized residential properties, and to diversify its product offerings to cover customer needs more comprehensively and to offer better product and service quality. As a result, the Group s results for 2011 were better than those of the previous year despite the stringent macro controls affecting the real estate 
During the year under review, revenue of RMB26.0 billion was recognized, representing an increase of 19.5% over 2010. Operating profit increased by 18.5% to approximately RMB11.0 billion. Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to RMB5.72 billion, representing a significant increase of 22.5% compared with the previous year (2010: RMB4.67 billion). Excluding the net impact of major after tax non-cash items: fair value gains of investment properties of RMB1.42 billion (2010: RMB1.18 billion), depreciation of RMB247 million (2010: RMB225 million) and goodwill impairment of RMB16 million (2010: RMB68 million) which totalled RMB1.16 billion (2010: RMB0.89 billion), net profit from core business attributable to shareholders amounted to approximately RMB4.56 billion (2010: RMB3.78 billion), representing a year-on-year increase of 20.6%. As a token of gratitude for the support of our shareholders, the board of directors (the Board ) recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK18 cents (2010: HK25 cents) per share for the year ended 31 December 2011.

MARkET REvIEw ANd ouTlook In contrast with the drawn-out recovery experienced by many developed economies, China s economy maintained notable growth in 2011, albeit at a slower rate than in recent years. China s tight monetary policy, together with an export scene burdened by RMB appreciation and knock-on effects from the Eurozone debt crisis, all placed downward pressure on the domestic economy. In reporting to the fifth meeting of the Eleventh National People s Congress, Wen Jiabao, Premier of the State Council, proposed to set the GDP (gross domestic product) growth rate at 7.5% for 2012. This is the first time in the last eight years that the GDP growth target has been set at less than 8%.
The unexpectedly worsening global conditions posed a new challenge to China s efforts to restructure by curbing the overheating real estate market. In tune with the advancing with stability keynote theme for the domestic economy in 2012 (as determined at the Central Economic Work Conference), the theme of steadfast adherence to regulation and control over the real estate market in order to normalise property prices was reaffirmed by the government.
Residential property prices in major cities nationwide entered into a downward trend at the end of 2011, as a result of the austere restrictive policies imposed in 2011 which suppressed rigid demand and demand for housing improvement, while also frustrating speculative investment.
Looking ahead to 2012, there is a possibility that housing mortgages may benefit from a structural loosening on the back of the granting of bank credit facilities for the new year alongside the fine-tuning of monetary policy, despite the lingering macro control policies affecting the domestic industry. The relatively loose liquidity may increase the possibility of loans being granted to purchasers who have applied for personal housing mortgages since the end of 2011. Also, lower down payments and interest rates for purchasers on rigid demand or seeking for housing improvement which may be implemented should help the real estate market recover.

opTIMISINg dESIgN foR MoRE INNovATIvE 
In 2011, the Group took the all-round upgrading of its product quality and the creation of innovative products as its top priorities for the year. To better cater for local customers with higher product value and rational product mix, the Group re- designed and optimised over 30 projects in the year to match the regional hallmarks of products with local customer needs. In projects with comparable or even high floor area ratios, more low density products were developed to improve profitability.
An example is Nanjing Shimao Bund New City, a portfolio of super high-rises and low density units. Moreover, to meet the rigid housing demand, the original project design of large size apartments was changed to small and medium units. Also, the weight of commercial products was increased to cope with the purchase restriction policies. For instance, Wuhan Shimao Carnival introduced additional 30% SOHO, office and other small commercial units to its upcoming products in 2012.

In addition, to create innovative products, the Group required its regional teams convening project preparation meetings as well as mobilization meetings for current development and display area before kicking off a project, which promoted integration of project resources and design innovations. Tailored products were also developed for target customer groups, such as the small apartments customized for the younger generations born in 1980s and 1990s. Furthermore, certain projects were designed with larger effective area and higher value addition to improve product competitiveness and customer satisfaction. The effective area ratio of apartment products was increased from the original 70% to 80%-100% through providing gift area. Meanwhile, penthouse apartments and other products rare in the market, as the brand new offerings away from traditional thinking, will be rolled out and marketed in 2012.

IMpRovINg THE TAlENT gRowTH SySTEM ANd REdEfININg buSINESS TERRIToRIES In the context of restrictive policies and higher customer awareness, real estate developers are increasingly being differentiated in terms of their talents and product quality rather than their land acquisition capabilities. Early birds in this transformation are expected to find themselves well-positioned for success in the new environment. Given this, during the year the Group implemented a systematic three-tier talent screening plan (including fledgling plan, veteran plan and elite 
To refine its management operations, the Group redefined its business territories during the year, reclassifying them as follows: the Jiangsu and Shanghai region, the Hangzhou region, the Ningbo region, the south central region, the western region, the northeast region and Bohai Rim region, and the tourism properties sector. Teams were established and resources allocated by region under the management model of a single team for the same city and the same land parcel , a move which significantly cut down management costs and enhanced efficiency of execution.

MulTIfACETEd opERATIoNS To ExTENd 
To minimize the impact of policy changes on its profitability and to avoid risk, the Group has introduced an integrated business model for its three principal businesses: diversified residential properties, commercial properties, and tourism properties. As this business model has taken effect, the potential policy and market risks associated with running a single business have greatly diminished.
The Company s core business remains the development of diversified residential properties. Since purchase restriction policies were imposed, the Group has accelerated its expansion into China s second and third-tier market where owner- occupied properties are most needed. In those regions where Shimao Property has an established presence, most of its customers are owner-occupiers. In 2011, the Group recorded property contracted sales of RMB30.7 billion. The contracted sales below the target were mainly due to the slowdown in market demand and the delays in certain projects.

Regarding commercial properties, in 2011, Shanghai Shimao Co., Ltd. ( Shanghai Shimao ) achieved revenue from operation of RMB5.56 billion with a net profit after income taxes of RMB2.58 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of 22.6% and 4.5% respectively.
During the reporting year, Shanghai Shimao achieved contracted sales of RMB5.07 billion and contracted sales area of 343,000 sq.m. through the projects sales in Beijing, Changshu, Hangzhou, Xuzhou, Kunshan, Nanjing and Wuhan. The results were below its targets set forth earlier in the year, mainly attributable to the wait- and-see sentiment and the declined turnover due to the stricter macro control over the real estate industry and the credit tightening in the second half of 2011, as well as the unsatisfactory sales of the project in Nanjing and the delayed sales progress of the project in Xiamen due to construction reasons.
Shanghai Shimao s commercial property business is operated in careful alignment with government macro policy trends, especially the priority given to advanced manufacturing and modern service industries under the 12th Five-year Plan. In light of government policies aimed at developing a modern service industry , Shanghai Shimao is focusing on its core business of commercial property development. Its multifaceted operations include the development of plazas, department stores, cinemas and child-focused businesses, as part of a unique and fully integrated commercial operation model that is expected to develop rapidly.

At the same time, the Group has expedited its tourism properties business. As an important branch of the tertiary industry under the 12th Five-year Plan, the tourism industry in China enjoys enormous prospects for the future. The Group s unique strategic positioning for tourism properties involves a threefold strategy: development of large-scale comprehensive tourism projects (including international tourism and holiday resorts, sports and leisure resorts, and recreation and health communities); development of large-scale tourism and commercial complexes focusing on theme parks; and development of hotel operations as urban business complexes. In a word, the Group aims to redefine the tourism and hotel industry by structuring its three business segments to include hotel, theme park and health sectors. The Group plans to integrate its existing hotel resources with its new Shimao Carnival series products to forge a tourism business complex that comprises exhibition centres, theme parks, and health care and leisure facilities.

Given its slightly higher net gearing ratio compared with its peers, Shimao Property will adhere to prudent financial policies in 2012, seeking to scale down its gearing ratio to a more reasonable level by improving the profit contributions from property sales and investment properties.
Meanwhile, Shimao Property will step up turnover and sales and strive to increase its receivables collection ratio. Currently, the Company possesses sufficient cash on hand. As at 31 December 2011, the Group had cash of approximately RMB14.0 billion (30 June 2011: RMB12.2 billion) as well as ample land reserves and access to reliable financing channels, lending strong support for sales throughout the 
As at 31 December 2011, the Group had an attributable land bank of 39.50 million sq.m.. These adequate land reserves mean that the Company is in a position to exercise prudence and avoid enormous cash expenditure for land acquisition due to insufficient land reserves. With sufficient land reserves for future development, Shimao Property is able to utilize its funds flexibly as the pressure of spending on land is reduced. Furthermore, Shimao Property s high brand recognition gives it advantages with national financial institutions including Bank of China. As at the end of December 2011, the Group had undrawn bank credit facilities of RMB9.8 billion, a solid foundation from which to diversify its financing channels. In the future, the Company expects to improve cash flows, reduce finance costs and further optimise its debt structure through domestic loans and overseas financing for healthier financial fundamentals.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our shareholders, partners, and customers for their tremendous support, as well as local governments for their co-operative assistance. I would also like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to our directors, management and staff for their enormous contributions. Their care and support have brought the Group success and enabled us to achieve our stated goals.

Hui Wing Mau 
Hong Kong, 29 March 2012 