Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the results of Shimao Property Holdings Limited ( Shimao Property , Shimao or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2013.

The year 2013 revealed no significant changes in the keynotes for regulatory control in China s real estate sector. The five national control measures on the real estate market and the detailed rules for local government announced early in the year, showing a determination to ensure the property tightening policies remain steady. In the second half of the year, the new Central Government clearly identified its core work would be carrying such reforms forward in a comprehensive manner and adjusting economic structures accordingly. The resultant tasks to be undertaken would include the localization of real estate policies and the shifting of the decision making authority in restrictions on property purchases and mortgages to local governments. In the meantime, long-term policies such as real estate registration and construction of affordable housing will also be advanced.
At the Politburo meeting held on 30 July 2013, no mention was made of applying curbs to the real estate market for the first time. Instead, it has set tone on promoting the healthy and steady development in the real estate market. This new direction will be beneficial for not only the country s real estate sector but also dozens of related industries and should help stimulate economic recovery. The main themes for regulating the real estate market are expected to be optimization and adjustment, making administrative 
The sound macroeconomic environment created by the easing of policies and the steady recovery of China s economy mean distinctive real estate market differentiation has developed quite quickly across various first- and second-tier cities. To this end, transaction volumes have remained high and record breaking land prices have constantly created. Meanwhile, the seeking of fast turnover has become the norm for the real estate industry as a result of the intensive competition. With major real estate enterprises have subsequently recorded steady increases in their sales results for 2013, there are more enterprises than ever before surging through the RMB100 billion sales volume mark which accelerates a further concentration within the 
Given these overall trends and its own strategic objectives, the Group continued to move towards its goal of meeting market demand while adhering to the quality growth principle during 2013. By maintaining faster and sounder development, we continued to enhance our management capacity, build our brand, increase land reserves in a rational fashion and strengthen our financial structure. As a result, the Group as a whole was able to achieve a remarkable RMB67.07 billion contracted sales in 2013, ranked 9th among property developers nationwide.
In 2013, the Group achieved recognized revenue of RMB41.50 billion, representing an increase of 44.9% over 2012. Gross profit increased by 52.4% to approximately RMB14.64 billion. Operating profit increased by 22.9% to approximately RMB12.34 billion. Profit attributable to shareholders reached RMB7.39 billion, representing an increase of 28.2% over last year. Excluding the net impact of major after-tax non-cash items: fair value gains of investment properties of RMB0.612 billion (2012: RMB1.356 billion), net gains on disposal of subsidiaries and a joint venture of RMB0.039 billion (2012: RMB0.422 billion), depreciation and amortisation of RMB0.288 billion (2012: RMB0.277 billion) and write-off of intangible assets of RMB0.292 billion (2012: RMB0.124 billion) which totalled RMB0.071 billion (2012: RMB1.377 billion), net profit from core business attributable to shareholders amounted to approximately RMB7.319 billion (2012: RMB4.387 billion), representing a year-on-year increase of 66.8%. To demonstrate our appreciation for our shareholders unstinting support, the board of directors of the Company (the Board ) has recommended payment of a final dividend of HK81 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2013 (2012: HK55 cents), an increase of 47.3% over last year.

At the beginning of 2013, the Group stated its contracted sales target for the next 12 months would be RMB55 billion. In 2013, our operations realized contracted sales of RMB67.07 billion, representing 122% of the total annual target. The total area of land sold during the year amounted to 5.239 million sq.m., at an average selling price of RMB12,802 per sq.m.. Such a remarkable sales achievement is the eloquent evidence to the success of the internal management enhancement methodology.
The contracted sales of the Group for 2014 are targeted at RMB80 billion.
As at 25 March 2014, the accumulative unrecognised contracted sales exceeded RMB60 billion, of which approximately over 75% is set to be booked in 2014.

PRioRitizing talent cultivation with technology as suPPoRt The reforms we began implementing in 2013 were squarely aimed at consolidating Shimao s foundations and raising the quality of our internal management. To this end, the Group has redoubled its commitment to staff training, the building up of a strong talent pool and the innovation and stabilization of our corporate structure. As a result, 2013 revealed our internal management and internal controls further refined and optimized.
In respect of human resources, we firmly believe that sustained business success can only result from a highly motivated team of talented individuals.
In 2013, we gradually implemented a series of specific measures aimed at retaining employees who performed well and exhibited high potential while eliminating non-performing colleagues. Specific examples included campus recruitment and the running of leadership training programs. The process is already paving a new path which will see Shimao grow even stronger than and more distinct from its peers.

Shimao s reforms have ultimately made our need for talent more pressing than ever. However, recruiting new staff can only be a temporary solution.
In the long term, it is vital to enrich our existing talent pool by building an effective staff training system. As a result, training program for cultivating Shimao talents has been launched in all aspects in 2013 while we were continuously sourcing outstanding talents from the industry. The Group had 241 employees classified as New Generation , 144 employees classified as New Intelligence and 86 employees classified as Middle Management in 2013. Shimao was also ranked by the university students as one of the 100 Best Employers and one of the Top 10 Most Desirable Companies to Join with the Most Challenging Interview .
In terms of management innovation and generating the necessary momentum to facilitate ongoing development, Shimao has integrated and fully implemented a management and control platforms built on the software developed by the world leader SAP in 2013. In doing so, we became the first enterprise in China s real estate industry to leverage visual process management and controls across the entire project cycle.
The standardization of products and the integration of SAP management standards into the Group s business operations will be finalized after the completion of Phase 2. The resultant platform will enable the Group effectively enhance its project efficiencies, optimally consolidate its resources and centralize its management which will support our business expansion as well as the continuous and rapid growth of the Group s operational scale.

BRand Building seRving customeRs and Benefiting society In 2012, Shimao commenced a Year of Service Value strategy via which we set out to upgrade all aspects of its soft services to customers. The new policy s component value-added service elements and invitation to property owners to become Quality Ambassadors both received an overwhelming response from the market. In 2013, the Group added a further initiative upgrading the Year of Service Value strategy named Service Cloud . The move marked the first time this advanced service model which originated within the information technology industry had been harnessed by a Chinese real estate specialist. Service Cloud integrated many resources from across different industries to provide all-round services to Shimao s property owners. Specific examples included services relating to education, healthcare, business trips, customized design and leisure. Shimao s brand image and its property owner satisfaction levels received significant boosts as a direct result of these enhancement.

Apart from pursuing of rapid business development, 2013 also saw us work hard to fulfill our corporate social responsibilities to the communities that sustain our business. Initiatives undertaken included projects aimed at supporting healthcare in impoverished areas, promoting educational training development and improving the living standards, learning and mental health of the children of migrant workers in cities. We also strived hard to provide care and assistance to critically ill children. All of these efforts were widely recognized and appreciated across all levels of society.
In terms of marketing and social responsibility, industry peers noted Shimao has undergone substantial changes and is becoming a more all-round brand. Along the way, we have also enriched our corporate positioning and softened our public image. We have achieved these goals by seamlessly integrating enterprise strategies, product quality, user-friendly property services and charity activities into everything we do.
land ReseRves Rational develoPment with sPecific emPhasis Given its satisfactory sales and the abundant cash resources in 2013, the Group was able to measurably enrich land reserves in readiness for future sales growth. To this end, we acquired a total of 9.37 million sq.m. of residential land in Ningbo, Hangzhou, Jinan, Nanchang, Suzhou, Quanzhou, Nantong, Beijing, Wuhan, Guangzhou, Zhangjiagang, Dalian, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Fuzhou. Currently, Shimao Property holds 104 projects totaling 36.15 million sq.m. of quality land in 38 cities nationwide. These development projects are all backed by considerable research and detailed calculation. The end result is a series of holdings in core regions or locations possessed of the high potential the Group needs to meet its clearly defined land reserve standards. Shimao s high-quality land resources and stringent control on land costs would definitely become vital components supporting our business growth in the coming years.

stRengthening the gRouP s financial 
In addition to adhering to our tried and tested prudent business strategy, 2013 saw us take measures to further optimize the Group s capital structure and lower capital costs. After a successful issuance of senior notes due 2020 amounting to US$800 million on 14 January 2013, the Group obtained a four-year syndicated loan of approximately US$570 million from a bank consortium in July 2013. The new arrangement gave the Group the option of early redemption of senior notes worth US$350 million that were originally due in 2016. In consolidating its steady and healthy development, the Group successfully issued US$600 million senior notes due 2021 on 22 January 2014. The new and additional loan and 
senior notes were subsequently used to repay part of the Group s high interest short-term loans and senior notes and thus further lowering our collective interest costs. In addition, the Group continued to maintain sound relationships with over 20 domestic banks and over 10 financial institutions in Hong Kong and overseas. Such relationships are vital in providing us with essential long-term funding support at low cost. As of 31 December 2013, the Group held sufficient reserves, with approximately RMB19.6 billion in ready cash and unutilized credit facilities of approximately RMB20.0 billion.
In 2013, the Group s credit rating was upgraded by several international credit reporting agencies, including Standard and Poor s, Fitch Ratings and Moody s, due to its steady operating and financial performance.
achievements and outlook The Group in 2013 continued to receive widespread support and recognition from all levels of society. On 22 May 2013, the Company was voted as one of the top 10 best-managed companies in Asia, in the 13th annual poll of Asia s Best Managed Companies organized by leading financial magazine, FinanceAsia. This was the first time the Group had made the publication s top 10 list. FinanceAsia also ranked the Group as the 8th best-managed enterprise in the China region.
On 23 May 2013, Shimao Property was ranked 7th in China s Top 10 Listed Property Developers in the Integrated Capability category. The accolade was officially awarded to the Group by the Assessment on Listed Property Developers in China 2013 held concurrently in Beijing and Hong Kong. Shimao Property s placing one rank higher than the previous year, reflects the success of our ongoing efforts to strengthen our leading position in China s real estate industry. Shimao Property was also ranked 3rd among its peers in the assessment of its risk resistance capacity.
As we move further forward into 2014, the global economy is continuing its slow recovery, creating both opportunities and challenges as it does so. Although beset by sluggish growth, China s economy remain likely to undergo profound changes in terms of both structure and growth modes in 2014. The core of the new Central Government s economic reform centers on building good relations between itself and the market by freeing up business leaders and entrepreneurs to play a more decisive role in resources allocation. China s continued prudent monetary policy and ongoing financial reform may well further tighten liquidity in the financial market. This will in turn result in the setting of higher requirements for businesses capital management and financial security. Any possible regulatory control of the real estate market is likely to largely depend on long-term mechanisms.

Such mechanisms are likely to reflect the country s growing trend for geographical differences and continued curbs on speculative demand. Following concentration of China s real estate industry which certainly continues to be the pre-dominant trend in 2014, will probably result in even more cutthroat competition across the industry.
In responding to the changing market environment, the Group in 2014 will focus on further strengthening financial management, diversifying its financing channels and optimizing its debt structure. At the same time, the Group will continue to make prudent decisions on land development and acquisition of land reserves. The coming months will also see the Group bolster monitoring and analysis of market changes and further enhance its capability in terms of both judgment and flexible responses. The Group will also strive to improve management innovation and strengthen systematic supervision by making use of various management and control platforms. Last but not least, the Group will endeavor to continue building a talent pool capable of further consolidating the Group s foundations and comprehensively meeting its long-term developmental needs. The months and years ahead will also see Shimao continue to make greater efforts in improving products and customer service quality. As always, the Group will make every endeavor to deliver quality products and services for customers and generate greatest return for our 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our shareholders, partners and customers for their tremendous support, as well as the local governments we have worked with for their co-operative assistance. I would also like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to our directors, management and staff for all their valuable contributions. Their care and steady support have brought the Group success, and enabled us to achieve our stated goals.
Hui Wing Mau 
Hong Kong, 25 March 2014 