Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the annual results of Shimao Property Holdings Limited ( Shimao Property or the Company and together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2009.
2009 Annual Results Looking back 2009, while the global economy suffered from widespread malaise brought about by the financial crisis, China s economy by contrast continued to deliver solid performance. With RMB4 trillion invested by the government to boost the economy, China s GDP grew 8.7%. China s real estate market even experienced a dramatic recovery in 2009, seeing recovery, rebound and new highs in less than one year s time. 2009 marked the 20th anniversary of Shimao Property s entering China s real estate market and the 3rd anniversary of its listing in Hong Kong. During the unfavourable time, the Company remained prudent and reserved its resources. When signs of recovery were seen, the Company seized the opportunities and achieved excellent results in return. The Company steadily expanded, leveraging our outstanding management and accurate judgment of the market. The annual contracted sales achieved a new high again.
During the year under review, we reported realized revenue of RMB17.03 billion, representing an increase of 137% over 2008. The Group successfully completed the commercial projects reorganization and made a historical move to enter into the A-share market, realizing an one-off after tax exceptional gains of RMB936 million. Operating profit increased by 182% to approximately RMB6.0 billion. Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to RMB3.51 billion, significantly up 317% over that of previous year. Excluding after tax effect of major non cash items: fair value gains on the investment properties, one-off gains of A-Share restructuring of Shanghai Shimao Co., Ltd. ( Shanghai Shimao ), depreciation and amortization, and goodwill of a total of RMB737 million, core profit attributable to shareholders amounted to approximately RMB2.77 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 150%.
As a token of gratitude to our shareholders long-term support, the board of directors (the Board ) recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK23 cents (2008: HK13 cents) per share for the year ended 31 December 2009. The dividend payout ratio was approximately 37% of cash profit. The Company will maintain a consistent and stable dividend policy and will fix a reasonable level of percentage for annual dividend distribution. The Board will take into consideration of various factors such as the Group s profit, cash flow, capital requirements and other factors as deemed relevant when deciding the annual dividend proposal.

Market Review and Outlook 2010 signifies the beginning of Shimao Property s third decade in China, and it is also a year full of uncertainties. To rein in soaring land and property prices, the central government has been issuing a series of regulatory measures since end of last year, resulting in tightened overall control over land supply, tax and credits. The People s Bank of China has so far raised the reserve requirement ratio by 0.5%. Rate hike expectations are also getting higher. These all signal tightening credit in 2010, which in turn means another significant challenge to real estate enterprises capital chain. Wen Jiabao, Premier of the State Council, stated in the 2010 government work report that the government will promote the healthy and stable development of the property market, curb the precipitous rise of housing prices in some cities, improve the methods for managing and using income from land, keep land prices from rising too fast, rein in speculative home purchases, and support self-use house consumption. Such measures set the rational and clear direction for the long- term development of the industry.
China is undergoing an unprecedented urbanization process. At present, China s urbanization ratio is approximately 47%. According to the central government s road map, the urbanization ratio will rise to 60% by 2020, and if so, it is estimated that a rural population of over 100 million will become urban population in the coming 10 years. The huge solid demand resulted from such conversion, coupled with the fact that land supply in China is limited, will be a big boost for the real estate market.
Looking ahead to 2010, we see opportunities as well as challenges. We need to be well prepared for all our work, fully implement our standardization and refinement management strategy, enhance the Group s each and every competitiveness, and closely monitor macroeconomic policies and changes in the market. We strongly believe that a strong financial position, prudent land bidding strategy and outstanding management will be the foundation for sustainable development for all real estate enterprises. We will take the opportunity to further enhance our sales to meet our target of achieving RMB30 billion of contracted sales in 2010. In the hotel property and commercial property businesses, the Group believes that the upcoming World Expo 2010 in Shanghai will boost our hotel property and commercial property businesses and thus we are optimistic about their future performance.
In such a rapidly changing global economy, we must have deep insight into and be responsive to the market so that we will not let any opportunities slip through our fingers and be able to manage and deal with any risks. Despite the unpredictable policy conditions and market conditions in 2010, the Group will ensure the achievement of its operational targets by closely watching and analyzing the market trends and responding to them in a timely manner.
A Stronger Sense of Social Responsibility and Higher Involvement in Charitable Activities The Group always ties its profit-making goals to its social responsibility. While we are achieving the goal of making stable profit and sustainable operations, we are committed to our social responsibility by actively contributing to a harmonious society, maintaining the Group s positive social image and promoting its sustainability.
In 2009, the Group ranked one of the Hurun Corporate Social Responsibility Top Fifty 2009 (doOmi>ygN507_) and Beijing Ten Best Social Responsibility Performing Real Estate Enterprises (SNeL>ygNASsO?b0W"uOmi ) and clinched other awards. In December, Shimao Property was named as a National Star Overseas Chinese Enterprise (hQ W ffPOmi ) by the Overseas Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council ( WRbP) for the third time and was ranked the first, thus fully demonstrating the leading and modeling roles of the Group among the overseas Chinese 
Over the past many years, Shimao Property has been actively involved in charitable activities in the society. Meanwhile, the construction of the first 60 Shimao Caring Hospitals (Na_b) have been completed on the whole and they will commence service in turn. 40 Shimao Caring Hospitals are being constructed. The Group s charity initiatives were recognized by the society and it ranked number six in the China Charity List ( -N WHaUi ), won the Charity Special Contribution Award (yr%R{sNs) of the China Charity Award (-NHaUNs), the highest charity award in China, and 
Explore a New Way of Construction Go Green Ecological Architecture Facing the worsening global climate crisis, a low-carbon development strategy and construction of low-carbon communities are not only the social responsibility of the whole real estate industry, but also a must-go way for the sustainable development of the real 
Adhering to its harmony in architecture and environment development philosophy, Shimao Property is actively involved in developing and constructing ecological buildings and will make it our new corporate development direction. Apart from implementing the principles of environmental protection, energy-saving and low carbon emission in our planning and design work, Shimao Property also takes part in the design of Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-City ()Y%m-NeuKaW). With an aim making it a landmark project as our first ecological city and model project, we will apply the most advanced and innovative ecological technologies available to make it the standard and a role model for ecological architecture and zero-carbon life development for China and the world.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our shareholders, partners, local governments and customers for their tremendous support. At the same time, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to our directors, management and staff for their enormous contribution. Their support has enabled the Group to achieve its success and goals.
Hui Wing Mau 
Hong Kong, 13 April 2010 