Dear shareholders,
I am pleased to present the annual results of Shimao Property Holdings Limited (“Shimao Property”, “Shimao” or
the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2016.
Market and Outlook
In 2016, China’s real estate market moved up firstly and then setback. In the first three quarters, in view
of the positive impact of government policies and the unleashing of cumulative demand, the real estate
market had been “booming and hot”. However, the real estate market dropped in the fourth quarter
due to the policy tightening. According to the National Bureau of Statistics, impressive start with
poor finish was shown in several indicators, such as real estate development and investment,
sales and new starts. The gross floor area and value of national commodity properties sold
recorded their historical peak. A total of approximately 1,573.49 million sq.m. of gross floor
area of national commodity properties were sold for approximately RMB11,762.7 billion,
representing year-on-year increases of 22.5% and 34.8% respectively.
Since the implementation of inventory clearance and supply-side reform in the beginning
of the year, the property market sentiment had been stimulated and led to a buying
frenzy. Despite an unexpected surge in the house prices of the first-tier cities as well
as several popular second-tier cities, the market of certain third- and fourth-tier cities
remained sluggish due to an overall insufficient demand resulting from high inventory
level. After several rounds of price hikes in the first- and second-tier cities, the property
market in China became more divergent, creating a normal phenomenon in the
industry that different cities will implement different policies and tightening.
In view of this, the Group continued to adjust the timing and structure of
supply in 2016. The constructions in the third- and fourth-tier cities were
strictly controlled by adhering to the principle of “sales-based production”
and the focus of the Group’s supply had been shifted to the first- and
second-tier cities.
Looking forward into 2017, in view of the preliminary success of the inventory clearance, the fundamental policies
for the real estate industry in 2017 will be “restraining asset inflation and preventing financial crisis”. It is likely
that the policy restrictions will be further strengthened and funding support for the real estate industry is also likely
to be further tightened in the near term, putting an end to the easing policy in 2016. The Central Economic Work
Conference clarified that houses should be functioned as dwelling places instead of an avenue for speculation,
reflecting a sustainable and healthy development will be the primary task for the real estate market in 2017.
Moreover, it is expected that the policy environment for the real estate sector will remain tough with little room for
easing in 2017.
The sales area of commodity properties is expected to face a decline in 2017 as the first-tier and popular secondtier
cities which used to make the largest contribution (representing 64% in aggregate) to the sales growth have
been hit by the shortage of supply and tightened policies. On the demand front, the record-high sales volume in
2016 was partly attributable to the release and overdraft of pent-up demand. On the other hand, the hot cities will
continue to see more tightening policies in 2017, which will focus on preventing asset bubbles and curbing excessive
investment. This will take a heavy toll on the investments caused by “asset shortage”. Currently, filing of high-end
projects and granting of pre-sale permits are suspended in popular cities, which will suppress the trading volume of
commodity properties in 2017.
In view of the fierce market competition, it is expected that a new round of industry reshuffle will commence. As a
result, the market will be further consolidated by the “strong” participants which always survive the competitions.
It is estimated that the overall scale of top 20 real estate developers will increase by approximately 30% and the
dominant position of large-scale developers will be further consolidated. The new supply of the Group will be
concentrated in the second half of 2017 with focus on upgraded units. Core cities will remain the primary targets
with first-tier and strong second-tier cities accounting for 70% of the Group’s saleable resources. Furthermore,
different level of management and control will be carried out on first and second grade projects, so as to boost the
average selling prices and profit margins.
Shimao’s Strategies
The Group has experienced adjustments in the past two years, mainly included:
1. to adjust the timing and structure of supply by strictly adhering to the principle of “sales-based production” in
third- and fourth-tier cities and focus the supply on first- and second-tier cities with relatively high gross profit
margin and lower risk of inventory clearance;
2. to adjust the direction of investment in land acquisition and reinforcing investment risk control by focusing over
90% of its investment on first- and second-tier cities and implementing decisive measures to clear inventories
in third- and fourth-tier cities in order to optimize the quality and structure of the land reserves of the Group;
3. to strengthen the operation and management of investment properties to gradually increase its contribution to
operating profit of the Group, and improve the Group’s risk tolerance during market fluctuations;
4. to reduce financing cost, restructuring debts, manage foreign exchange risk, and explore and make innovative
property financing arrangement; and
5. to implement various operational, products and financial innovations to sustain and enhance the existing
advantages.
Although the earnings growth of Shimao Property slowed down during the restructuring period, the Group’s results
for 2016 reflected a strong overall development of Shimao Property. Over 90% of the land reserves acquired during
the year were located in the first- and second-tier cities. Sell-through rate of saleable resources (inventory + supply)
was 60% during the year and net gearing ratio decreased to 53.4%. Average financing cost dropped to 5.8%. Various
metrics of the Group were among the best in the industry, indicating that the Group has a solid foundation for
leaping forward again. The positive results of the Group were achieved in the contexts of waiving growth and visible
fall behind other competitors. A solid and affluent preparation is the key to a strong and robust growth. In 2017, the
Group will position for “quality growth”, and will strive for a significant growth in sales and operating results. It is
essential for the Group to maintain its competitiveness so as to safeguard the long term benefits of our investors.
Product Advancement
Following the implementation of product standardization and the addition of attractions on products, ancillary as
well as education, the competitiveness of the Group’s projects was improved. In the last year, the Group, based on
a precise research on homebuyers’ residential needs, promoted human-based masterpiece residential properties
which emphasize on living experiences, such as Shimao CITIN in Nanjing, Shimao Shine City in Xiamen, Shimao
Works of Time in Shaoxing. Such projects were in line with the market demand and their sell-through rate and prices
were relatively higher than those of other competitive projects. The Group deems ingenuity as the dedication to its
career, pursuit of perfection, compliance to progress, breakthrough to innovation, integrity to interpersonal relations
and self-restraint to behavior. Intelligent residence, human-based details, and live comfort have been the common
characteristics of such outstanding projects. In 2017, the Group will persist on a customer-oriented approach with
an aim to establish a supporting system compatible with customers’ needs. More products of ingenuity will be
promoted so as to create a warm, stylish and popular community with high quality and grade, as well as to enhance
the brand value and profitability of the projects. With a better matching with the market needs, the Group is
confident in the sales of our products in 2017.
Sales Performance
At the beginning of 2016, the Group set its annual contracted sales target at RMB67.0 billion, and it realized
contracted sales of RMB68.12 billion for the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 2% which outperformed
its sales target. The total sales area amounted to 4.918 million sq.m., with an average selling price of RMB13,850 per
sq.m. during the year, up from RMB12,100 per sq.m. in 2015. This has laid a good foundation for the Group’s stable
growth in booking profit margins in future.
In terms of cities, the average sales in each city of the Group amounted to approximately RMB1.4 billion, and the
average sales per project amounted to approximately RMB860 million. The sales in Nanjing were more than RMB7.4
billion, the sales in Beijing were more than RMB5.3 billion, and the sales in Xiamen, Hangzhou, Wuhan and Tianjin
were more than RMB3.0 billion, demonstrating a relatively strong competitiveness in the industry. In terms of
projects with sales of more than RMB2.0 billion, the sales of Beijing Tongzhou World Chamber of Commerce Centre,
Xiamen Jimei project and Fuzhou Pingtan Straits Future City were RMB4.41 billion, RMB2.11 billion and RMB2.00
billion, respectively. The prices of the above projects were upward adjusted in 2016 by more than 30% in general,
some of which even increased by 65%, representing a significant premium as compared with other competitive
projects. Both sales volume and prices increased and the Group performed well in the market.In 2016, the sales in first- and second-tier cities of the Group accounted for approximately 82%, representing a
remarkable increase as compared with that of 72% in 2015. Since 2015, Shimao has placed much emphasis on cash
collection rates and profit margins instead of focusing on the sales as the single growth indicator. It places priority
on stable development and quality growth. Such strategy has continued and been strengthened in 2016. In addition
to maintaining its business scale, Shimao expedited the inventory clearance in third- and fourth-tier cities which
further optimized the inventory structure. In respect of inventory clearance, the inventory sales of the Group in 2016
were RMB26.2 billion, representing an increase of RMB5.0 billion as compared with previous year. With respect
of inventory sales strategy, pricing was strategically adjusted to boost the sales of inventory in third- and fourthtier
cities with relatively low demand, with particular focus on pricing adjustments for longer aged inventories. As a
result, the inventory sales of such segment amounted to nearly RMB5.6 billion, representing an increase of RMB3.5
billion as compared with previous year, which laid a strong business foundation by optimizing the inventory structure,
increasing the cash collection ratio and enhancing the competitive industry position. As of 31 December 2016,
inventories of first- and second-tier cities accounted for 67%, an increase of 7% from the beginning of the year.
Inventory clearance in third- and fourth-tier cities has been effective.
Prudent Replenishment of Quality Land Reserves
In 2016, there was a trend of developers re-steering their focus on first- and second-tier cities, causing fierce
competition for land resources, soaring land prices and in turn many cases of “land king lots” transacted at
exceptionally high prices, and thus continually squeezing future gross profit of the industry. The Group upheld its
prudent strategy and adopted a more cautious approach in replenishing land reserves. In 2016, the Group acquired
land reserves of 3.96 million sq.m. (before interests) in cities including Fuzhou, Beijing, Nanjing, Hangzhou, Xiamen,
Hefei, Jinan and Wuhan. Currently, Shimao Property has 132 projects with a total area of 30.79 million sq.m.
(attributable interests) of quality land in 43 cities in China. In view of intensifying competition in land acquisition
in major investment cities, we will build resource advantage by enhancing human resources and budget for land
acquisition, seeking cooperation opportunities, strictly following latest policies and urban development planning in
various cities, and developing numerous land acquisition methods and channels in addition to public tender, auction
and listing to pave the way for future success.
Promoting Light Asset Operation
From the opening of MiniMax Hotel at the end of 2014 to the launch of the 52+ Mini Mall series in 2015, the
Group has been launching new product lines in a systematic and orderly manner. Mini Hotel and Mini Mall, which
are the two major projects of the “Mini” series, are known for their compact scale which distinguishes them from
traditional luxury hotels and large-scale shopping malls. As the Group’s brands under the asset-light strategy, they
offer customized products to address specific needs. They are able to enter or exit the market nimbly and their
products can be replicated easily. The “Mini” series is the Group’s key commercial product. With the operation of
new business models including the “Mini” series, the Group will be able to attract more investors and lower the
proportion of internal capital investment in order to increase the return on assets held by the Group. Moreover,
in June 2016, Shimao Hotels and Resorts entered into entrusted management arrangements for the first hotel –
MiniMax Hotel Linyi Binhe in Shandong in respect of the export of hotel management, and the hotel is expected to
officially commence operation in the fourth quarter of 2017. In September 2016, Shimao Hotels and Resorts entered
into entrusted management arrangements for the second hotel – MiniMax Hotel Shijiazhuang Outlets in respect
of the export of hotel management, and the hotel is expected to officially commence operation in the second half
of 2018 and to be situated in Excellent Outlets International Centre, the first compound Italian-styled international
centre in China. These arrangements signify the successful “light asset” strategic transformation of Shimao Hotels
and Resorts.
Determination to Uphold Prudent Financial Policy
In 2016, the Group continued to adopt prudent financial strategies for its operation. By focusing on collection of
accounts receivables, controlling liabilities, further reducing the financing cost and optimizing capital structure, the
Group was able to explore innovative and diversified financing channels for its real estate business to maintain its
effective and stable development. In 2016, the cash from sales proceeds was approximately RMB60.0 billion with
a cash collection rate of 88%, representing an increase as compared with 85% in 2015. As of the end of 2016, the
Group had sufficient capital funds, with available funds in the amount of RMB44.235 billion, including cash on hand
of RMB22.235 billion and unutilized available banking facilities of RMB22.000 billion. As of 31 December 2016,
net gearing ratio of the Group was 53.4%. Net gearing ratio has been maintained below 60% for more than five
consecutive years, laying a solid foundation for dealing with challenging and ever-changing economic and financial
environments and the sustainable development of the Group going forward, and reflecting the sound operation and
financial management of the Group.
In view of the changes in domestic capital market, immediately before the tightening of the macro-policy, the Group
timely grasped the opportunity in the public market to issue the private panda bonds which became one of the first
batch of enterprises to issue private bonds in Shanghai Stock Exchange (the “Shanghai Stock Exchange”). Shanghai
Shimao Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Shimao”), a member of the Group, also issued bonds with low interest and short-term
financial products. By taking various measures, including rollover financing and reducing contracted interest rates, the
weighted average financing cost of the Group was dropped to less than 5.8% in 2016, representing a decrease of 1.1
percentage point as compared with 6.9% in 2015 and achieving the target of the management. Reducing interest
rate and financial cost have further supported and guaranteed the Group’s strengthened efficiency, and will serve as
the long-term target in financial management of the Group.
In addition, the Group has continued to explore innovative financing model of its real estate business and has
successfully issued several asset-back securitization products in China, being the pioneer as to innovation in the
industry. The Group has established a financial platform through diverse financial innovations, which enhanced the
liquidity of the Group’s assets and opened new financing channels, giving the Group greater flexibility in resources
integration and industry innovation.To mitigate its exchange risks, the Group took the initiatives to explore cross border Renminbi financing channel to
strengthen exchange risks management. The proportion of foreign currency borrowings was significantly lowered
from 48% as at the end of 2015 to 34% as at the end of 2016. In February 2017, US$0.8 billion senior notes with
original maturity dated 14 January 2020 was redeemed in advance which effectively controlling foreign exchange
risks. Moreover, the Group properly used financial derivatives, including currency option contracts and forward
contracts, to hedge against exchange risks.
Riding on its robust operating and financial performance, the Group received recognition from international rating
agencies. In April 2016, Fitch Ratings promoted Shimao’s long-term rating and debt rating from “BB+” to “BBB–”,
which is an investment-grade rating. Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s maintained their rating of Shimao at “Ba2”
and “BB+” respectively. Moreover, in June 2016, Shimao Property continued to receive “AAA” rating, the highest
corporate credit rating, from the three biggest domestic credit rating agencies, namely, China Chengxin Securities
Rating Co., Ltd., United Ratings Co., Ltd. and Dagong Global Credit Rating Co., Ltd..
In order to avoid intra-group competition, Shimao Property announced in March 2016 that it would transfer its entire
or certain equity interests in the project companies for three commercial property projects, namely, Shenzhen
Qianhai Shimao Financial Centre, Hangzhou Shimao Wisdom Tower and Nanchang Shimao APM, to Shanghai
Shimao, specifying that Shimao Property will be primarily engaged in residential property and hotel investment,
development and operation in the PRC in the future while Shanghai Shimao will be primarily engaged in commercial
property investment, development and operation. In addition, the transaction will also facilitate the unlocking of asset
value and improvement of cash flow of Shimao Property.
In May 2016, Shanghai Shimao disposed of 100% equity interests in Beijing Fortune Times Property Co., Ltd. (“Beijing
Fortune Times”) and Beijing Baiding New Century Business Management Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Baiding New Century”)
to Leshi Holdings (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (“Leshi Holdings”) at a cash consideration of approximately RMB2.9 billion. The
share transaction generated profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of approximately RMB630 million, fully
reflecting the strategic mindset of Shanghai Shimao in managing assets of commercial properties. Through the partial
disposal of commercial properties which had become matured, the structure of commercial assets has been further
enhanced and capital appreciation of commercial properties can be realized. It also increased operating cash flows
of the Group which laid a foundation for optimizing the financial structure of the Group. The Group’s repurchase of a
total of approximately 85.55 million shares in the year also raised the value of its shares, uplifted the return on equity
and rewarded the support from the shareholders.
Looking forward into 2017, in line with the implementation of real estate macro-control in China, the Group will
continue to enhance its internal management. While exploring innovative businesses, the Group will take advantage
of market resources and its own strengths, adhere to its robust financial strategy and adopt prudent financial
management approach to maintain adequate cash flows, minimize the finance cost and stabilize the operating
efficiency.
Final Dividend
To demonstrate our appreciation for our shareholders’ unstinting support, the board of directors of the Company
(the “Board”) has proposed the payment of a final dividend of HK44 cents per share (2015: HK40 cents per share).
Together with an interim dividend of HK26 cents per share and a special dividend of HK6 cents per share paid in
respect of the gain from the disposal of Beijing Fortune Times and Beijing Baiding New Century, the total distribution
for the year will amount to HK76 cents per share (throughout 2015: HK70 cents per share).
Appreciation
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our shareholders, partners, local governments and customers for their
tremendous support. I would also like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to our directors,
management and staff for all their valuable contributions. The Group’s success together with fulfillment of corporate
goals are attributable to their support and commitment.
Hui Wing Mau
Chairman
Hong Kong, 29 March 2017