Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the annual results of Shimao Property Holdings Limited ( Shimao Property or the Company and together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2007.
Shimao Property showed a remarkable performance in 2007, scoring record highs in various indicators.
We performed extremely well in all of our business segments, including residential property, commercial property and hotel business, underpinning the success of our policy of business extension in the past year and reinforcing our leadership in China s property market. During the year, the central government stepped up with macro-control measures to prevent over heat of the economy and to ensure stable development of China s real estate market in the long run. With our broadened geographical coverage, diversification of products as well as flexible strategy, the Group managed to deliver sound results and 
During the year under review, the significant year- on-year growth in the Group s revenue was driven by sound progress in project development, sales performance beating expectations and return on investments in hotel and commercial properties.
Revenue of approximately RMB9.9 billion (including attributable revenue of RMB634 million from associated companies) was booked for the year.
Operating profit increased 83% to RMB5.7 billion.
Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company grew 80% to RMB4.1 billion. Excluding after tax effect of net fair value gains on investment properties, depreciation and amortisation and goodwillnegative goodwill adjustment with a total amount of RMB1.2 billion (after tax effect of net fair value gains on investment properties of RMB866 million, depreciation and amortization of RMB128 million and goodwillnegative goodwill adjustment of RMB459 million), profit attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB2.9 billion, growing 61% as compared to last year. Annual contracted sales continued to grow, securing RMB9.4 billion for the sale of properties with a total GFA of approximately 900,301 sq.m., an increase of 101% as compared 
In reward for the longstanding support of the shareholders, the board of directors (the Board ) has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK16 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2007. Together with the interim dividend of HK15 cents per share paid, the total dividend for the year will be HK31 cents per share (2006: HK20 cents), representing a year-on-year growth of 55%.

The Group has won recognition from professional institutions in China and abroad for its diligent efforts. During the year, the Group was named among the Top 50 Enterprises of Asia 2007 by Business Weekly, the internationally renowned business magazine. It also ranked No. 1 in 2007 Top 10 foreign-invested real estate companies in China in terms of integrated strength by the Corporate Research Institute of Development Research Center.
Investors recognition and the Group s strength were further underpinned by its inclusion as one of the 200 constituent stocks of the Hang Seng Composite Index Series and a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Freefloat Composite Index Series on 12 March 
Upbeat Sales Performance Supported by National Brand Development The Group booked RMB9.3 billion from property sales (including attributable revenue of RMB634 million from associated companies) in 2007 with attributable saleable GFA of 836,804 sq.m., following the successful rollout of its national brand development strategy and sound progress in project development 
In terms of sales, the Group s total contracted sales was RMB9.4 billion with a total contracted saleable GFA of 900,301 sq.m., representing growth of 101% and 81% respectively as compared to 2006. The strong results were mainly derived from encouraging sales generated from 11 projects including Beijing Shimao Olive Garden, Nanjing Shimao Riviera New City, Wuhan Shimao Splendid River, Harbin Shimao Riviera New City, Kunshan Shimao Butterfly Bay and Changshu Shimao The Center. The sales from new projects in second-tier cities launched this year, such as Shaoxing Shimao Dear Town and Wuhu Shimao Riviera Garden were also outstanding.
Balanced Property Portfolio Providing Stable Source of Revenue The Group delivered remarkable results in its residential property business, while solid performance was also reported for its hotel and commercial property business. With the opening of Shanghai Shimao International Plaza Phase 2 in May, revenue from hotel and commercial properties soared to RMB645 million for the year, representing a jump of 2.6 times over 2006. The strong support from tenants and customers that Shanghai Shimao International Plaza enjoys as a landmark shopping centre on Nanjing Road, Shanghai has bolstered the Group s commercial property business, and secured diversified sources of revenue for the Group. Shimao Property was also widely recognized and supported by renowned international players, signing strategic collaboration agreements with them led to Multi-Win outcomes for both of us. Furthermore, commercial projects outside Shanghai were also being complete and Beijing Shimao Tower has commenced operation in the first quarter of 2008.

In connection with the hotel property business, Hyatt on the Bund Shanghai held its grand opening in November 2007 after starting trial operation in June. Together with Le Royal Mridien Shanghai and Shanghai Le Mridien Sheshan, Shimao Property has now invested in three 5-star hotels in Shanghai providing over 1,700 guest rooms, commanding the largest market share in top-rate international hotels in Shanghai. Hyatt Regency Nanjing, the Group s first hotel outside Shanghai is scheduled for commencement of operation during the first half of 2009. In pursuit of its development strategy, Shimao Property will continue to cooperate with renowned international hotel management groups on a nationwide basis to develop hotels bearing international brand. Through the development of a diversified portfolio, the Group would be able to attain stable, overall revenue growth in future by capitalising on bullish runs of different segments in the property market.
Acquire Quality Land in Prudent Manner to Enhance Presence in Yangtze Delta Region and Bohai Bay Region Having one of the most diversified land bank reserves among the PRC real estate developers, Shimao Property is able to capitalise on development opportunities in different regions and minimize geographical concentration risk. During the year 
under review, the Group broadened the geographical distribution of its land bank reserve in prudent manner to substantiate its nationwide development 
plans, with special emphasis on the regions with economic growth and rapid development, such as the Yangtze Delta Region and the Bohai Bay Region.
During the year, the Group acquired 10 parcels of land with a total GFA of 7.51 million sq.m., comprising urban premium sites located in Suzhou, Xianyang, Xuzhou, Hangzhou, Fuzhou, Beijing, Taizhou, Shanghai and Mudanjiang. Since the beginning of 2008, the Group has further acquired 4 sites with a total GFA of 3.19 million sq.m. At present, the Group owns a land bank reserve covering 22 cities with a planned GFA of 26.5 million sq.m., which should adequately meet requirements for property development in the next 5 to 6 years. The Group will continue to prudently roll out its land development projects and acquire premium land sites through public tendering or acquisition in the secondary market. We will reinforce SHIMAO nationwide development plan and improve our market position with our solid financial strength, proven experience in development and well-recognised brand name of SHIMAO .
Broaden Funding Channels Through Tapping into A-share Market In order to tap resources for the development of commercial properties, which is capital-intensive in nature, the Group entered into an agreement with Shanghai Shimao Co., Ltd. ( Shanghai Shimao ) and Shanghai Shimao Enterprises Development Co., Ltd. in October 2007 for the injection of 9 project development companies (holding 10 commercial projects) under Shimao Property and Beijing Shimao Tower into Shanghai Shimao in consideration of 630 million new shares in Shanghai Shimao at RMB12.05 per share. The transaction will form an independent 
A-share listed company under the Group specialised in commercial properties, as well as a separate channel for funding which would allow the Group to raise funds in the PRC equity and debt markets more effectively and at lower costs. Given substantial funding requirements for commercial projects, the transaction would enhance the financial flexibility of the Group and speed up development of its residential and hotel businesses in future. The agreement was approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at the extraordinary general meeting held on 30 November 2007 and is currently in the process of approving by China Securities Regulatory Commission. If approved, the transaction will become an important milestone for the Group as additional funding channels would be available with access to the A-share market.
The Group s financing capabilities continued to grow during the year as it successfully completed the placing of new shares in capital market to raise approximately HK$3.9 billion for its business development. The Group s extensive financing resources were further underpinned by the US$328 million syndicated loan offered by various banks, signed for a term of 3 years with an option for renewal.
Enhancing Corporate Governance and Bearing Social Responsibility Shimao Property is committed to the enhancement of corporate governance standards. By renovating our corporate governance structure and instituting new management systems and practices, our internal management system will be adjusted and optimised so that we could capitalise on new opportunities.
Meanwhile, we will be committed to corporate culture building and seek to enhance team spirit and competitive strengths by creating a modernised management team oriented towards learning and innovations as well as a sound and effective performance incentive scheme. Moreover, the Group adhered to the notion that it is the duty of a corporate citizen to pay back to the society for all it owes to the society. Shimao Property donated HK$10 million to the China Charity Foundation to aid victims in the most severe snow storm in 17 southern provinces in China in 50 years occurring in early 2008 and to provide funds for redevelopment in the aftermath.

As reported during the first meeting of the 11th National People s Congress, the central government estimated an approximately 8% GDP growth for 2008, while inflation will be controlled at around 4.8% by the implementation of a prudent fiscal policy and a relatively tight monetary policy, as continuity and stability in fiscal policies remains the primary concern for the government. While we expect a challenging market environment, we believe that the aim of the government in regulating the property sector is to prevent any significant fluctuations in property prices from adversely affecting the economy and the livelihood of the people, rather than inflection of the sector. We expect government regulation of the property market in a more stable and mature manner this year, as reasonable price movements in the property market should represent the most ideal result for the government.
Nevertheless, we anticipate a period of consolidation for the domestic property market given tightened money supply. Certain small and medium-sized property companies may have difficulties in carrying on business under such austere market conditions and be obliged to sell ongoing projects to larger companies with strong balance sheet and resources to ensure completion of these projects. As a company that has been following a prudent and conservative financial policy, Shimao Property is well-positioned to expand its portfolio of projects by capitalising on these opportunities. Meanwhile, we will continue to expand our land bank by acquiring premium land sites at competitive prices in a prudent and disciplined 
Future Plans and Goals Injecting commercial property projects of Shimao Property into the A-share market was confirmed during the year under review. Currently in 2008, the Company is undertaking a restructuring exercise to restructure its hotel business, the completion of which will take the Group to a new stage of business development where the residential, commercial and hotel segments will be operated under different management team to fully implement a development pattern spearheaded by three principal businesses.
The new structure will better realise the inherent value of each individual business segment and allow professional operation and management, thereby reinforcing and further enhancing our existing foundations and competitive edge for sustainable and stable business development.
The Group will continue to focus on key areas in the Yangtze Delta region and the Bohai Bay region while increase investments in prosperous and thriving second and third-tier cities such as Wuhan, Hangzhou, Shenyang, Dalian, Yantai, Suzhou, Ningbo, Jinan, Qingdao and Chengdu. The demand for quality real estate in these cities will continue to grow in tandem with higher living standards and spending powers. On the back of its growing brand value, we are confident that the Group will enjoy growing recognition.
Our target for this year is to generate a total of RMB18.5 billion from contracted sales and investment properties, representing a growth of over 85% versus 2007, and to complete and deliver properties with a total GFA of approximately 2.5 million sq.m. We will continue to optimise our management structure 
and advance our business development in a stable manner to achieve our target for the year, as we remain resolutely determined to realise the goal of becoming a leading property developer.
All in all, the Group is focused on positive and stable long-term development. To this end, we will pursue balanced growth in our development strategies to aim at growing brand recognition, customer loyalty, product and service innovation, and optimisation of management systems and processes with a view to ongoing improvement of product and service quality in tandem with the healthy development of the Group. In combination with financial and brand advantages, the Group will aspire to deliver in terms of customer, brand, business scale, return for shareholders, professional duty and social duty, joining hands with our shareholders to embrace a 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our staff for their dedication and enthusiasm, which has been the driving force behind Shimao Property s growth. I would also like to thank our shareholders for supporting the Group and sharing its vision and strategy for future development. We at Shimao Property pledge to repay shareholders trust by giving our best to generate lucrative return for shareholders, as we continue to embark on new ventures and pursue excellence in all areas.
Hui Wing Mau 
Hong Kong, 21 April 2008 