Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the annual results of Shimao Property Holdings Limited ( Shimao Property , Shimao or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2015.
MARKET ANALYSIS AND SHIMAO STRATEGIES In 2015, China s real estate market was on the way to recovery. The investment, sales area and sales throughout the year accomplished year-on-year growth. This round of rebound was achieved through the joint efforts of various government authorities on inventory clearance. The government adopted two approaches to strike a balance between market demand and supply through measures of stimulating demand, including lifting of home purchase restrictions, reducing the required reserve ratio and interest rate, down payment and tax as well as measures of regulating demand and supply such as controlling land supply, adjusting the structure of land supply and the subsidy for purchase of affordable housing due to relocation. As such, the turnover of inventory of first- and second-tier cities decreased from 10-20 months at the end of 2014 to 5-10 months at the end of 2015. The turnover of inventory of major cities such as Shanghai, Nanjing, Suzhou and Hefei even dropped to less than 5 months, leading to a rapid surge of property price in certain cities. Favourable policies had little impact on the property markets of third- and fourth-tier cities due to their own industrial structures and economic conditions. Their turnover of inventory have declined but were still hovering on the high side.
The market recovery has also brought new challenges to the real estate enterprises. On the one hand, as the growth of the macro-economy has slowed down, the urban development in China became polarized with relatively high pressure from properties in stock in third- and fourth-tier cities. On the other hand, given the majority of our competitors operated business in first- and second-tier core cities which led to keen competition for limited resources, the increase in land price was higher than the increase in property price in these cities. Overall profit margin in the industry was being eroded and it became more difficult to attain profitability.

In face of those challenges, in our opinions, the Group should proactively adjust the corporate business strategies according to market changes, and create sustainable competitive advantages such that the long-term interests of investors can be ensured. In light of this, the Group made prompt adjustments in 2015 which mainly included: 1. to adjust the timing and structure of supply by strictly adhering to the principle of sales-based production in third- and fourth-tier cities and focusing the supply on first- and second-tier cities; 2. to adjust the direction of investment in land acquisition and reinforce investment risk control by focusing 90% of its investment on first- and second-tier cities and to implement decisive measures to dispose land reserves of low productivity in third- and fourth-tier cities in order to optimise the quality and structure of the land reserves of the 
3. to strengthen the operation and management of investment properties to gradually increase its contribution to operating profit of the Group, and improve the Group s risk tolerance during market fluctuations; and 4. to reduce financing cost, restructure debts, manage foreign exchange risk, and explore and make innovative property 
Although the growth of results of Shimao slowed down during the restructuring period, the Group s results for 2015 reflected a stronger overall development of Shimao. Cash flow for the year remained adequate. Over 90% of the land reserves acquired during the year were located in first- and second-tier cities. Sell-through rate of saleable resources (inventory + supply) was 55% and net gearing ratio decreased to 58.1%. Average financing cost dropped to 6.9%. Various indicators of the Group were among the best in the industry, indicating that the Group has a solid foundation for leaping 
In 2015, the real estate market of China continued to recover due to improving demand growth supported by various favorable policies. Upholding the strategy of Quality Growth and Balanced Scale and Profit , the Group carried out various reforms and used various indicators for assessment to ensure the long-term stable and solid development of the Group. In 2015, the Group realized contracted sales of RMB67.039 billion, representing approximately 93% of the annual target. The aggregate sales areas amounted to 5.54 million sq.m., at an average selling price of RMB12,100 per sq.m.
during the year.
Based on our forward view of the future market trend, the Group enlarged the supply in first- and second-tier cities of higher gross profit margin and lower risk of high inventory. After adjustment of the supply plan, the supply focused on first- and second-tier cities while the supply in third- and fourth-tier cities was controlled strictly in accordance with the principle of sale-based production to avoid high inventory of low margin properties. Although the sales in third- and fourth-tier cities was sacrificed, such strategy was effective for inventory control.

In addition to the adjustment of supply strategy, the Group also expanded its market coverage in cities and improved marketability of its products to keep high gross profit margin. In respect of cities, in 2015, four projects of Shimao in Nanjing, a prosperous property market, achieved total sales of RMB8.3 billion which enabled Shimao to maintain its leading industry position in terms of market share in Nanjing. Meanwhile, gross profit margin in Nanjing also ranked No.1 in the Group for the regional performance. In respect of projects, despite its less favourable location, Shimao Cloud Atlas in Shanghai outperformed its neighbouring competitive projects by its deliberate design of products. Shimao Cloud Atlas recorded a total sales of RMB1.5 billion for three weeks after its debut while sell-through rate stood at 100%. The project recorded highest selling price of over RMB40,000 per sq.m. and an average price 10% higher than the competitive projects nearby, becoming the benchmark price in the area. Our success in Nanjing and Shanghai has proven that our strategy to expand market coverage in cities and to improve the marketability of products is on the right track and will support Shimao to keep improving in future competition.
In the meantime, inventory clearance was still one of the Group s major marketing strategies in 2015. The Group achieved its annual target in 2015 with the sales of completed projects of RMB21.2 billion. The Central Economic Work Conference has officially announced the Inventory Clearance policy for the real estate market. The Group will closely observe the changes in market and optimize the inventory structure through effective strategy on inventory clearance.
FOCUS ON CORE CITIES, RESTRUCTURING OF LAND RESERVES AND ENHANCEMENT OF LAND 
According to our forward view on market trend as mentioned above, change in the investment of land reserves was one of the most important adjustments of the Group during the year under review. In 2015, the Group strengthened its business development in core cities, restricted investment in third- and fourth-tier cities, prudently selected quality land and made 90% of its investment in first- and second-tier core cities selected by the Group for major development. In 2015, the Group acquired land reserves of 2.891 million sq.m. (before interests) in Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing, Fuzhou, Xiamen, Hong Kong and other places. On the other hand, the Group carried out measures such as land return and land replacement to dispose of certain land reserves with weak market demand and low profitability in third- and fourth-tier cities.
Currently, the Group has 112 projects with a total area of 32.99 million sq.m. (attributable interests) of land reserves in 41 cities in China. In the future, the Group will continue to replenish land reserves in accordance with the principle of focusing on cities and risk control adopted for 2015. In view of intensifying competition in land acquisition in major investment cities, we will build resource advantage by enhancing human resources and budget for land acquisition, seeking cooperation opportunities, strictly following latest policies and urban development planning in various cities, and developing numerous land acquisition methods and channels in addition to public tender, auction and listing to pave the way for future success.
NEW BUSINESS MODEL FOR HIGHER INCOME FROM INVESTMENT PROPERTIES During the year under review, the Group s revenue from hotels, investment properties and others was RMB3.138 billion, representing an increase of 24.8% as compared with last year. Income from hotels increased by 10.5% and all operating hotels of the Group realized growth in income and profit. Major achievements in the management of hotels and investment properties included the launch of our innovative businesses (Mini Hotel and Mini Mall) and further optimized management of traditional businesses. Progress was shown on these two aspects in 2015 and greater contribution of results is 
Catching the trend of internet development, the Mini Hotel series integrated with O2O feature for the provision of experience-oriented e-commerce platform to customers to set up a distinctive and innovative hotel model. The first MiniMax Hotel of Shimao, opened in Songjiang, Shanghai in December 2014, achieved break-even in three months after its opening. At the end of December 2015, MiniMax Premier, the first high-end concept hotel brand of the Group, was launched in Hongqiao, Shanghai to further refine the Mini Hotel product series. In December 2015, Shimao s first 52+ Mini Mall was launched in Nanjing, which introduced brand new life experience to customers through the innovative Mini business model. The innovative community-oriented commercial models of Mini Mall and Mini Hotel not only represented the Group s attempt based on its investment goal of Low Cost, Light Operation & High Return , but also explored new areas for uplifting value attached to saleable residential units and commercial products.
The Group also introduced internationally renowned brands of hotel management groups, including InterContinental, Starwood, Hyatt and Hilton, in order to optimize the hotel management and bring attractions to the high-end tourism market in China with their excellent platform. In January 2016, the Group and Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc.
signed and renewed four hotel management agreements. During the year, the Group was awarded the Best Hotel Owner Award for 2015 in China by 21st Century Business Herald, demonstrating recognition of the hotel management and operation capability as well as the brand of the Group.
The Group will accelerate future development and expect to develop a number of Mini Hotel and Mini Mall projects in major cities such as Wuhan and Chengdu in the coming year.
PRUDENT FINANCIAL STRATEGIES In 2015, the Group continued to adopt prudent financial strategies for its operation. By focusing on collection of accounts receivable, controlling liabilities, further reducing the financing cost and optimizing asset structure, the Group was able to explore innovative and diversified financing channels for its real estate business to maintain its effective and stable development. In 2015, the annual sales return was approximately RMB57.0 billion with a sales return rate of 85%.
Net gearing ratio has been maintained below 60% for 4 consecutive years, reflecting the sound operation and financial management of the Group.

With the opening up of China s capital market, the Group has exerted great efforts to lower its financing cost by expanding its domestic Renminbi financing channels. Shanghai Shimao Jianshe Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, completed the issuance of corporate bonds of RMB7.4 billion in the third quarter of 2015. The interest rates of the 5-year corporate bonds and the 7-year corporate bonds were 3.9% and 4.15%, respectively, which were among the lowest interest cost in the industry. In addition, as one of the first enterprises approved by the Shanghai Stock Exchange for the private issuance of corporate bonds, the Group was approved to issue domestic corporate bonds of RMB20.0 billion in January 2016. The issuance of the first tranche of RMB4.0 billion has been completed. Meanwhile, the Group has also been committed to the preparation for the issuance of domestic red-chip corporate bonds by its overseas subsidiaries.
Approval process is expected to be completed soon. The Group s expansion in the domestic bond market enabled the optimisation of its asset structure and the reduction of its financing cost.
Furthermore, the financial team of the Group probed innovative financing model of its real estate business. In the second half of 2015, the Group launched the first ABS product backed by property management fee in China and the first ABS product backed by mortgage payments in China which earned us appreciation from the capital market and enabled us to become a role model in the industry. The Group will continue to concentrate on domestic and overseas financial markets and capitalize on opportunities arising from the capital market. The Group also probed comprehensive and customized financial services for the upstream and downstream of the real estate industry jointly with financial institutions.
To mitigate its exchange risks, the Group expanded cross-border RMB business, made timely adjustment on foreign currency debt structure and lowered proportion of foreign currency financing in due course so that its exchange risks were 
In 2015, riding on the Group s robust operating and financial performance, Standard & Poor s, an international rating agency, promoted the Group s rating from BB to BB+ , and Fitch also affirmed the Group s long-term credit rating at BB+ with an upgrade of outlook from Stable to Positive . In August 2015, the Group received AAA rating, the highest corporate credit rating from the three biggest domestic credit rating agencies, namely, China Chengxin Securities Rating Co., Ltd., United Ratings Co., Ltd. and Dagong Global Credit Rating Co., Ltd., successively. In addition, the Group received a high recognition from the international capital market by being selected as The Most Popular Asian Stock by Morgan Stanley in November 2015.

In order to avoid competition within the Group, Shimao Property announced on 14 March 2016 that it will transfer its entire or certain equity interests in the project companies for three commercial property projects, namely, Shenzhen Qianhai Shimao Financial Centre, Hangzhou Shimao Wisdom Tower and Nanchang Shimao APM, to Shanghai Shimao Co., Ltd. ( Shanghai Shimao ), specifying that Shimao Property will be primarily engaged in residential property and hotel investment, development and operation in the PRC in the future while Shanghai Shimao will be primarily engaged in commercial property investment, development and operation in the PRC. In addition, the transaction will also facilitate the release of asset value and improvement of Shimao Property s cash flow.
Looking forward to 2016, higher volatility in the international market is expected. While promoting the innovative real estate financing business, the Group will adhere to its robust financial strategy and adopt prudent financial management approach to maintain adequate cash flows, minimize the finance cost and stabilise the operating efficiency.

To demonstrate our appreciation for our shareholders unstinting support, the board of directors of the Company (the Board ) has proposed the payment of a final dividend of HK40 cents per share (2014: HK60 cents per share). Together with an interim dividend of HK30 cents per share, the total distribution for the year will amount to HK70 cents per share (throughout 2014: HK90 cents per share).
OUTLOOK IN 2016 We have full confidence in the long-term healthy development of China s real estate market. It is anticipated that the central government will continue the reforms on the supply front which guarantee growth and clear inventory and introduce a series of policies in favour of the real estate market in 2016. In general, the market will maintain steady growth.
The Group will follow the strategic adjustments of last year to maintain prudent operation while riding on a wave of favourable markets and policies. The Group will accelerate the structural adjustment, inventory clearance and improve the marketability of products while continuing to supplement the land reserves with land in prime locations. We embrace the future with our top-notch brand, refined asset operation and stable financial structure. We are confident that we will lay a solid foundation for the long term development of Shimao Property by adhering to the principle of Prudent Operation, Proactive Measures and Prompt Adjustment .

On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our shareholders, partners and customers for their tremendous support, as well as the local governments we have worked with for their assistance. I would also like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to our directors, management and staff for all their valuable contributions. The Group s success together with the fulfillment of corporate goals are attributable to their support and commitment.
Hui Wing Mau 
Hong Kong, 30 March 2016 