Chairman s Statement I am delighted to report that The Link REIT has achieved another year of strong operating results for our Unitholders.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The solid performance of our business was supported by the strong local economy, better consumer sentiment and continuing growth in retail sales. Revenue grew by 7.3% to HK$5,353 million and net property income rose 9.5% to HK$3,644 million. The board of directors ( Board ) of the Manager has approved a fi nal distribution per unit ( DPU ) of HK57.59 cents which, together with the interim distribution per unit of HK52.86 cents, gives a total distribution per unit for the full year of HK110.45 cents, an increase of 13.4% over last year.
The Report of the Chief Executive Offi cer ( CEO ) and other sections of this Annual Report will provide further detail on our business operations, fi nancial performance, strategy and outlook. In the Chairman s statement, I wish to focus on the Vision, Mission and Values for The Link REIT which form the base on which we can build a 
VISION, MISSION AND VALUES As part of our eff ort to develop the corporate culture of this relatively young organisation and to move towards building a business with long term sustainable growth, we unveiled our Vision, Mission and Values as the Manager of The Link REIT in November 2010. To achieve our vision of becoming a world class real estate investor and manager serving and improving the lives of those around us, we would need to operate our business in ways that best serve the needs of our tenants, shoppers, employees, investors and the community as a whole. Our mission is to build relationships with all our business partners by providing them value and quality service, partnering with local communities and delivering sustainable growth which will help us achieve our vision in time.
The values which our staff are expected to deliver are Respect, Excellence, Integrity and Teamwork.
We believe these Vision, Mission and Values should be embedded in every aspect of the way we execute our business and support us in building a long term sustainable business.
In line with our vision of becoming a world class real estate investor and manager, this year marks our fi rst report on sustainability performance, based on internationally-accepted Global Reporting Initiative guidelines and standards. Our Sustainability Report, which is issued at the same time as this Annual Report, explains in greater detail the strong infl uence which sustainability considerations are having over the forward direction of The Link REIT.
DIRECTORS AND STAFF On behalf of the Board, I would like to off er my sincere thanks to our management and staff , whose professionalism and dedication are critical to our success.
The Board would also like to take this opportunity to express its appreciation to Mr Ian David Murray ROBINS for his invaluable contribution to The Link REIT during his tenure as CEO. The Board is very pleased with the seamless transition of senior leadership to Mr George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY who became CEO on 17 May 2010 and Mr Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming, who was appointed as Chief Financial Offi cer and an Executive Director of the Manager on 28 June 2010.
It is encouraging that the Manager has continued to execute its growth strategy and has delivered an outstanding return to Unitholders of The Link REIT in the fi rst fi ve years since its listing in November 2005. I am confi dent that under the leadership of the management and with the dedication of our staff , the Manager will continue to create value for our Unitholders.
With our mission clearly defi ned, our management and staff are committed to the values of Respect, Excellence, Integrity and Teamwork as they meet future challenges and continue to grow our business in order to deliver satisfactory results to all stakeholders, and to benefi t the community our business serves.

The economic outlook for Hong Kong in 2011 remains positive and the local retail market is expected to continue to prosper, supported by robust growth in mainland China.
Against this backdrop, we remain cautious on possible infl ationary pressure caused by the prolonged excess liquidity in the fi nancial markets and the changes to the labour market brought on by the introduction of minimum wage legislation in Hong Kong. The recovery of western economies remains uncertain, while the recent disasters in Japan have introduced additional uncertainties in Asia.
In the past fi ve years, the Manager has demonstrated its ability to improve the property portfolio of The Link REIT to better serve the community, and to deliver a successful track record of profi t growth for our Unitholders. With the hard work and professionalism of our staff under the leadership of the senior management team and the resilient characteristics of the properties of The Link REIT, I have every confi dence that our team can make forth progress towards achieving our mission and continue to create value for our stakeholders in the years to come.
Nicholas Robert SALLNOW-SMITH 
