Chairman s Statement On behalf of the Board of The Link Management Limited, I am pleased to report the annual results of The Link REIT for the year ended 31 March 2007.
Financial Results For The Year Ended 31 
Total distributable income for the year ended 31 March 2007 was approximately HK$1,441 million. It is the Manager s current policy to distribute to unitholders 100% of The Link REIT s total distributable income for the financial year.
The board of directors of the Manager (the Board ) has accordingly approved a final distribution of HK34.62 cents per unit which, together with the interim distribution per unit of HK32.81 cents, gives a total distribution per unit of HK67.43 cents for the year. This exceeds by some 9% the distribution committed to in the IPO Offering Circular of 
Our objective is to provide our investors with a reasonably stable distribution while working to create long term capital growth. In partnership with our tenants, The Link seeks to offer a growing array of shopping and dining choices and deliver a lively customer experience to the public, as we meet the daily shopping requirements of nearby residents representing some 40% of Hong Kong s population.
Our business strategies are designed to optimise the potential of our diversified portfolio and to rejuvenate the shopping environment we provide, building on the unique characteristics of each property.

During the year, we have continued with our asset enhancement programmes, which encompass not only improvements in the physical structure but also in trade-mix, customer service and promotional activities. By progressively enlivening our properties, we are generating higher shopper patronage and customer satisfaction, improving investment returns and providing job opportunities. As a result, tenants, shoppers and our unitholders all benefi t.
We have substantially completed three of the initial 15 asset enhancement projects. The Board has endorsed asset enhancement plans for another 11 shopping centres, bringing the total number of approved projects to 26.
Feasibility studies are in progress for a further 16.
Customer opinion surveys conducted by The Hong Kong Polytechnic University showed our first two asset enhancement projects were highly popular with our customers. As we continue to enhance our retail mix, another survey by The University of Hong Kong, showed an 18% increase in customer ratings of shopping and dining choices in our centres during the 18 months from September 2005. 88% of customers interviewed supported our plans to continue to increase choice in our properties.
In addition to improving revenue, we are lowering operating costs. An example is the reduction of the number of property management agents and carpark operators. Relationships are now focused only on the top performers. We are also introducing energy-saving devices where applicable and appropriate. Initiatives like these help us control operating costs without compromising the quality of service delivery.

Since I joined the Board in April this year, I have begun to build strong working relationships with the management team and I would like to offer the Board s sincere thanks to our management and staff. Their professionalism and dedication are essential to our success.
Mr Paul CHENG Ming Fun stepped down as Chairman on 31 March 2007, having led The Link REIT since before its listing.
We off er our best wishes to him on his retirement.
On 30 April 2007, the Board announced that due to health reasons, Mr Victor SO Hing Woh, Executive Director and Chief Executive Offi cer, does not intend to serve a further full term after his current three year service contract expires on 15 July 2007. A search is in progress to identify a successor, the results of which will be announced as soon as an appointment is made.

While good progress has been made already in growing the value of The Link s assets, there is much more to be done.
We see many opportunities to grow returns to unitholders, while making a signifi cant contribution to the daily lives of many Hong Kong people by providing them with greatly improved shopping facilities. I am confi dent that our strong professional management team can take these opportunities and create value for our unitholders, shoppers, tenants and the community of Hong Kong.
Nicholas Robert SALLNOW-SMITH 
