The Link REIT has achieved another year of strong operating results for Unitholders.

Total distributable income rose by 13.5% to HK$1,819 million. The Board has recommended a final distribution per unit of HK43.13 cents which, together with the interim distribution per unit of HK40.86 cents, gives a total distribution per unit of HK83.99 cents for the year, representing an increase of 12.9% over last year.

During the year under review, The Link REIT continued to implement business strategies designed to realise the potential of the portfolio and to rejuvenate a number of shopping centres. We recognise that our success rests with working together with both our tenants and shoppers. Accordingly, we have continued with our investment programmes across a range of asset enhancement projects. The improvements in physical structure, trade and tenant mixes, and customer service, are enhancing the shopping environment thus boosting footfall, providing a more enjoyable shopping experience to shoppers and generating strong returns to 
Continuous sales and marketing programmes during the year have also brought about increased shoppers patronage in our centres and increased business opportunities to tenants, through consistent retail sales.
All these efforts are reflected in this year s results which support stated business strategies and initiatives. The defensive nature of the trade mix and business has made us more resilient to the economic downturn. We continue to be committed to these strategies which we believe will not only benefit tenants and shoppers, but also the communities we serve.

Apart from providing returns to Unitholders, The Link REIT continues to support a range of charitable causes, cultural and artistic activities and environmental initiatives to enhance a harmonious community relationship. Our efforts have been recognised through a number of business and charitable awards. We take our social and corporate responsibilities seriously and will continue to work with all our stakeholders for the benefit of the communities we serve.

I would like to offer the Board s sincere thanks to our management and staff, whose professionalism and dedication are critical to our success.
With effect from 12 October 2008, Mr Leslie CHAO Tse Hou resigned as an Independent Non- Executive Director and a member of the Finance and Investment Committee of the Manager due to his business and other commitments. On 1 November 2008, Mr PUA Seck Guan was replaced as a Non-Executive Director as CapitaLand Limited had nominated Mr LIM Beng Chee in his place.
With effect from 16 January 2009, Mr CHEW Fook Aun ceased to be an Executive Director, Chief Financial Officer and a Responsible Officer of the Manager. On 16 January 2009, Mr George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY was appointed as Chief Financial Officer (and correspondingly a member of the Finance and Investment Committee) of the Manager and was appointed concurrently as an Executive Director and a Responsible Officer of the Manager on 26 February 
The Board would like to take this opportunity to express its deepest appreciation to Mr Chao, Mr Pua and Mr Chew for their valuable contributions to the Manager and The Link REIT during their tenure of office. The Board would also like to extend its warmest welcome to Mr Lim and Mr Hongchoy in joining the Board.

Despite the current economic uncertainty, we will continue to invest capital to upgrade the retail portfolio for the benefit of our retailers, customers, the communities and Unitholders. We plan to continue to enhance revenue and implement a range of targeted measures on cost containment. Acquisitions are not an immediate priority, but with our solid financial fundamentals and experienced management platform, we seek to be ready when 
Our task continues to be challenging in the coming year. I am confident that our strong professional team can build on its successes, and continue to create value for our Unitholders, shoppers, tenants and the communities of Hong Kong.
Nicholas Robert SALLNOW-SMITH 
