Chairman s Statement On behalf of the Board of The Link Management Limited, I am delighted to report the annual results of The Link REIT for the year ended 31 March 2008.
Financial Results For The Year Ended 31 March 2008 Total distributable income for the year ended 31 March 2008 was approximately HK$1,602 million. It is the Manager s current policy to distribute to unitholders 100% of The Link REIT s total distributable income for the financial year. The board of directors of the Manager (the Board ) has accordingly approved a final distribution of HK38.29 cents per unit which, together with the interim distribution per unit of HK36.11 cents, gives a total distribution per unit of HK74.40 cents for the year, representing an increase of 10.3% over the distribution per unit for the year ended 31 March 2007 of HK67.43 cents.

Our objective is to maximise unitholders value through the distribution of stable income and to enhance long term capital growth, whilst continuing to meet the daily shopping requirements of our customers. We are also seeking, through our ongoing asset enhancement programmes, to improve the shopping experience by offering a wider spectrum of retailers and choices of dining outlets. Partnering with our tenants, we will build on the uniqueness and unlock the potential of our diversified portfolio by revamping the physical infrastructure and configurations of our malls whilst continuously improving our trade and tenant mixes.

We are continuing with our asset enhancement programmes in rejuvenating select shopping centres and improving customer service. By progressively enhancing a number of our properties, we are targeting higher patronage and customer satisfaction, improving investment returns and providing job opportunities. As a result, tenants, shoppers and unitholders all benefit.
During the year under review, asset enhancement projects have been progressing satisfactorily with several projects phases of certain asset enhancement projects being completed to the Manager s satisfaction. Preliminary feasibility studies under consideration are expected to confirm further opportunities at other shopping centres for asset enhancement to unlock their full potential.
Revenue growth this year has been good with strong reversions and new leases. On the cost front, The Link s effort in lowering operating costs is best illustrated in Chung Fu Shopping Centre, which won the Grand Award in the Second Hong Kong Energy Efficiency Awards this year. With eight of The Link's properties winning a total of nine awards in this competition, our commitment to working with tenants and the public to advance energy saving is being recognised. We will continue our initiatives to both improve revenue and reduce costs in the coming year.

Apart from the above, The Link has also received a number of awards from various other organisations during the year, all of which are motivating us to further improve 
The Link REIT was presented the Outstanding Corporate Strategy Award by East Week in October 2007 for the pursuance of effective business strategies to enhance performance and create value. The Link REIT was also presented with its second Hong Kong Outstanding Enterprises Award organised by the Economic Digest magazine in November 2007.
We were named a Caring Company by The Hong Kong Council of Social Services in February 2008 for our commitment to good corporate citizenship.
As recognition for its outstanding achievement in boosting economic vibrancy in its properties, The Link REIT was presented the Hong Kong Service Award in the Real Estate Investment Trust category organised by East Week in March 2008.
The Link Real Estate Investment Trust Annual Report 2007 obtained an award in the category Design: Annual Report Cover Places, Products, Things of the 200708 International Mercury Awards in March 2008.
The Awards were organised by MerComm, Inc. in the United States with an aim to honour excellence in public relations and corporate communications.

The Board would like to extend its sincere thanks to our management and staff, whose professionalism and dedication are critical to our success.
Mr Victor So Hing Woh resigned as Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Manager during the year.
The Board would like to acknowledge and thank Mr So for his outstanding contribution in building up and laying a strong foundation for the Manager to continue its long term sustainable growth. The Board offers its best wishes to Mr So for the future.
Dr Harry Lee Nai Shee and Mr Patrick Sun also ceased to be independent non-executive directors of the Manager during the year upon their retirement by rotation from the Board at the 2007 Annual General Meeting. Mr Liew Mun Leong, a nominee of the Manager s strategic partner, CapitaLand Limited, resigned as a non executive director and Mr Kee Teck Koon was nominated to replace Mr Liew during the year. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Dr Lee, Messrs Liew and Sun for their invaluable contribution to the Manager and The Link REIT during their tenure as directors.
Professor Richard Wong Yue Chim and Mr Ian Keith Griffiths were appointed as an independent non-executive director and non-executive director of the Manager, respectively, during the year.
The Board would also like to welcome Mr Ian Robins to the Board of the Manager, succeeding Mr Victor So Hing Woh as Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of 
The Manager also welcomes Mr Ross O Toole as Chief Operating Officer, who joined the Manager post the year 
Although there have been a number of changes in the Board during the year, our mission remains the same.
While nurturing our existing portfolio through staged asset enhancements, we are also mindful of the need to capture long term capital growth. While our strong financial standing and credit rating will enable us to consider appropriate new investments and challenges in due course, it is our immediate priority to focus on unlocking the potential of our existing portfolio to contribute to the daily lives of many Hong Kong people.
We continue to remain optimistic and challenged by our future prospects. Whilst we see many opportunities to grow returns to unitholders, we will also seek to ensure that our portfolio will continue to contribute to the daily lives of many Hong Kong people by providing them with improved shopping facilities. I am confident that our strong professional management team can take these opportunities and create value for our unitholders, shoppers, tenants and the community of Hong Kong.
Nicholas Robert SALLNOW-SMITH 
