cHairman s statement I am pleased that The Link REIT has achieved strong operating results for this financial year.

The economic climate in Hong Kong during the financial year has been challenging. Nonetheless, with the responsible stewardship by the Manager of The Link REIT s assets, this has been a year of strong growth. Revenue rose by 10.8% to HK$4,990 million and net property income grew by 18.6% to HK$3,328 million. The Board has recommended a final distribution per unit of HK49.02 cents, which together with the interim distribution per unit of HK48.35 cents, gives a total distribution per unit for the year of HK97.37 cents, up 15.9% over last year.
The drivers of the strong performance of the business are described in the CEO s report and other sections of the annual report. In the Chairman s statement, I wish to focus on what we do to best serve the needs of all our stakeholders.

The Link REIT s retail and car park assets are situated within public housing estates and sit at the doorstep of about 40% of Hong Kong s population.
The focus of the Manager has been to improve facilities and services of The Link REIT s properties.
I believe that successful pursuit of such a strategy serves the interests of the whole community; including retailers, shoppers, staff, investors and lenders. Better retail facilities leads to greater choice and convenience for shoppers, higher retail spending, and stronger performance by retailers.
When retailers do well, they can afford to pay higher rent, which benefits Unitholders.
The Link REIT s business and operations draw much public scrutiny. The Board and management welcome such scrutiny and constructive feedback as we strive to run a transparent business. I believe that The Link REIT upholds its corporate responsibility best by running a successful business which delivers sustainable income growth.
Investment in our properties under our asset enhancement programme has generated good returns plus created several thousand construction related jobs to date. Going forward, The Link REIT will continue to invest substantial sums in asset enhancement initiatives, thereby creating more jobs and contributing to the well being of the communities we serve. In upgrading the properties, the Manager is cognisant of engaging with the local communities and incorporating local elements. While we upgrade our properties and improve their tenant mix, we will also strive to improve the quality of our property management.
Residents living in neighbourhoods served by our properties will enjoy more choice, greater convenience, and a better shopping experience.
In striving to run a business that engages with the community, The Link REIT continues to support a range of charitable causes, cultural and artistic activities, and environmental initiatives to enhance a harmonious community relationship. We want to better leverage our properties to promote positive causes and activities at the neighbourhood level.
Details of our active and comprehensive Corporate Responsibility programme can be found in the Corporate Responsibility Report 2010 booklet.
DireCtorS aND Staff On behalf of the Board, I would like to offer sincere thanks to our management and staff, whose professionalism and dedication are critical to our 
On 26 August 2009, the five year Co-operation Agreement between CapitaLand Limited ( CapitaLand ) and the Manager, under which CapitaLand provided consultancy and management advisory services on funds, portfolio, asset and property management to the Manager, expired.
CapitaLand and the Manager amicably decided not to extend the strategic partnership, but continue to look forward to future collaboration. The Board would like to express its gratitude to CapitaLand and its supporting management team for their valuable contribution to the Manager, the Board and the relevant sub-committees.
With effect from 18 June 2009, Mr John HO Chi On resigned as a Non-Executive Director, a member of the Finance and Investment Committee and a member of the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Manager due to his business and other commitments. Mr KEE Teck Koon, a director nominated by CapitaLand, resigned as Non-Executive Director of the Manager, a member of the Finance and Investment Committee and a member of the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Manager with effect from 1 August 2009 due to his retirement from CapitaLand. Mr LIM Beng Chee, a director nominated by CapitaLand, resigned as a Non- Executive Director of the Manager with effect from 27 August 2009 due to the expiry of the Co- operation Agreement with CapitaLand. The Board would like to take this opportunity to express its deepest appreciation to Mr Ho, Mr Kee, and Mr Lim for their valuable contributions to the Manager and The Link REIT during their tenure of office.
The Board would also like to extend its warmest welcome to its new members: Mr David Charles WATT and Mr William CHAN Chak Cheung. Mr Watt was appointed as an Independent Non- Executive Director of the Manager with effect from 14 August 2009 and a member of the Finance and Investment Committee and Remuneration Committee with effect from 5 November 2009.
Mr Chan was appointed as an Independent Non- Executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee of the Manager with effect from 1 October 2009 and subsequently as Chairman of the Audit Committee with effect from 12 January 2010. Mr Chan was also appointed as a member of the Remuneration Committee with effect from 5 November 2009. The Board thanks Dr Patrick Fung who stepped down from the Audit Committee where he was Chairman and became Chairman of the Remuneration Committee.
On 11 March 2010, the Board announced the Chief Executive Officer succession arrangements.
It is with disappointment that the Board bids farewell to Mr Ian David Murray ROBINS, who stepped down as CEO on 17 May 2010 and will leave the Manager on 30 June 2010. With effect from 17 May 2010, Mr Robins also ceased to be an Executive Director, a member of the Finance and Investment Committee, a member of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Manager. Mr Robins indicated his intention not to seek an extension to his three year contract, which expires in November 2010. Mr Robins has brought tremendous passion to the business and done a great job in driving change within our platform and delivering outstanding risk adjusted returns to Unitholders. The Board wishes Mr Robins well in his future endeavours and welcomes Mr George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY who became CEO on 17 May 2010. Mr Hongchoy was also appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee and the Human Resources and Compensation Committee with effect from 17 May 2010. The Board looks forward to Mr Hongchoy building on the legacy Mr Robins has developed to 
On 7 May 2010, the Board announced the Chief Financial Officer succession arrangements. Mr Andy CHEUNG Lee Ming will be appointed as the CFO and a member of the Finance and Investment Committee of the Manager with effect from 28 June 2010. Mr Cheung will also be appointed as Executive Director upon satisfying the requirements of the Securities and Futures 
Hong Kong s economy is poised to grow at between 4% to 5% in 2010 according to government estimates, reversing the contraction of 2.8% in 2009. Historically, retail spending picks up as the economy improves, thus brighter economic prospects in Hong Kong bode well for retail landlords. Still, there is much global uncertainty as governments and central banks grapple with withdrawing stimulus measures introduced in late 2008 and the developing financial crisis in Europe.
As retailers within The Link REIT s property portfolio cater largely to non-discretionary spending, the Manager is confident that business for our tenants will continue to show resilience.
We are delighted by the results achieved for this financial year and will work towards continuous growth in earnings and distributable income in the upcoming financial year.
In about five months time, The Link REIT will mark its fifth anniversary as a public listed entity.
Over these years, the Manager has worked hard to strengthen the platform for the business. I am pleased with the results achieved to date in transforming our business but there remains much work to be done as we build a long term, sustainable business. We will strive to improve in areas such as retailer relations, corporate reputation, staff development and governance.
To date, The Link REIT has achieved an enviable track record of profit growth and maintained a conservative financial position. Strong systems and processes have been put in place by the Manager, and experienced people have joined us. A sound foundation has been laid for Mr Hongchoy and the management team to continue to deliver strong risk adjusted returns to Unitholders. I have every confidence that our team can continue to create value for our Unitholders, shoppers and tenants and to benefit the communities of Hong Kong.
nicholas Robert sALLnoW-sMITH 
