In line with the approach I have taken for the last two years, my comments in this statement should be placed in the context of our Business Purpose Statement set out on our website. What do we do? Why do we do it? How do we do it? All businesses need to answer these questions and to be able to explain their answers to investors.
This year, our answers need to take account of the signifi cant strategic steps we took during the fi nancial year.
Our objective is to 
growing returns to 
enhancement of the assets we manage.
WHAT DO WE DO? Since our IPO, the assets we manage have been predominantly retail centres, wholly in Hong Kong, and have excluded development activity.
Having last year secured Unitholders support for the broadening of our mandate to include assets outside Hong Kong, we made our first investment in Mainland China in April 2015 with the purchase of EC Mall in Beijing. Also, following the SFC s amendments to the REIT Code, and with our Unitholders support, we added a development site to our portfolio of assets. In joint-venture with Nan Fung Development Limited, we submitted the winning bid for a parcel of land in Kowloon East for a commercial development which will be 
This broadening of our investing activities has two targets. First we need to diversify our portfolio.
While we continue to extract value from the assets injected at IPO, these assets, while geographically spread across Hong Kong, operate in a similar risk environment. We can diversify that risk by adding both a more significant office component, and a prudent number of assets outside Hong Kong, while disposing of some of our smaller assets.
The second target of these initiatives is to provide growth drivers of a different type from our legacy assets. We believe the steps we have taken in the office segment in Kowloon East, and EC Mall in the heart of Beijing s university area, will help us 
WHY DO WE DO IT? As we broaden our investment portfolio, it is crucial that we keep focused on a clear skill set.
We cannot, and should not, aim to do too many things in too many places, simply because they fall under a property label. Our objective is to generate steadily growing returns to Unitholders, through the continuous enhancement of the assets we manage. This means focusing on the experience of people using our centres and not simply on the hardware. People shop and work as communities.
If we design, operate and maintain our commercial assets in the right way, we can play an important role in enhancing the quality and enjoyment of community life. As we make changes to our asset mix, we will hold true to these objectives.
HOW DO WE DO IT? I have spoken before of the important role of software in our business: the development of our staff; our relationship with our contractors; our support for tenants in promoting their business success; and our efforts to help the communities around our centres thrive. This year, let me also emphasise the hardware aspect. This goes beyond the quality of maintenance and enhancement work, though this is the most visible feature of what we do. Successful commercial centres link communities of people. They provide the glue that connects people. Achieving this depends on combining every facet of our business: design, construction quality, people flow, use of space, the way in which we help our tenants present their stores, the attitudes of our staff, the public activities we arrange, and many more elements. Our programme of enhancement to our fresh markets, which has begun to rejuvenate a number of our centres, provides a good example of this. If we get this right, we can inject new life and activity into our community centres. This approach to adding value links back to my comments under the heading What Do We Do? . When we buy assets, or dispose of them, we will test those decisions against whether the asset provides opportunities for us to supply that community glue or not.
With this touchstone to guide our decisions as we enhance the mix of our assets, we will ensure that asset diversity does not come at the expense of 
HOW ARE WE DOING? The acid test of whether we are getting this focus right is our financial performance. If a business is not generating profits for its investors, it is not adding value for the community either. If customers will not pay you a price that exceeds your costs, resources are being wasted. I am therefore pleased to report that steady growth of our revenue and net property income continued for the ninth year with increases of 7.9% and 9.0% respectively.
I noted at the half year the emphasis we place on testing our performance against international and not solely domestic benchmarks. With that in mind we were pleased to receive recognition for our work on our fresh markets including the Hong Kong Awards for Industries: Customer Service Grand Award and the World Union of Wholesale Markets Market Award Gold Award.

It is crucial to get the balance right between providing executive management full scope to drive the business, and ensuring strategic oversight on behalf of our Unitholders from the 
We are fortunate in having the services of what I believe is the best balanced Board of Directors in Hong Kong from the perspective of their business experience, professional expertise, personal enthusiasm for our business and active contribution to Board discussions. Last year saw the retirements of Mr Stanley KO Kam Chuen and Dr Patrick FUNG Yuk Bun. Mrs Eva CHENG LI Kam Fun also stepped down from the Board since new business commitments meant she could no longer commit the time needed to fulfil her role at The Link. My thanks and appreciation go to each of them for the professional diligence and personal commitment with which they have contributed to the development of our business.
We were delighted to welcome Mr Peter TSE Pak Wing and Ms Nancy TSE Sau Ling as Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Manager during the year. Their background and experience further enhances the diversity of our Board.
Governance goes beyond the boardroom of course. It is essential for success in business to bring a team together who can collaborate constructively towards common objectives at all levels, including our contracted staff. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my thanks to all those who are contributing to The Link s success in building value for Unitholders and for the communities who use our assets. As we grow, that value creation is the objective of all of us in The Link team.
NICHOLAS ROBERT SALLNOW-SMITH 
THE LINK MANAGEMENT LIMITED AS MANAGER OF THE LINK REAL ESTATE 
