Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders:
On behalf of the Board of CR Power
(the “Company”), I present the
annual results of the Company and
its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the
year ended 31 December 2016.
RESULTS
In 2016, profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately
HK$7,708 million, representing a decrease of HK$2,317 million or 23.1%
as compared with approximately HK$10,025 million in 2015. Basic
earnings per share amounted to HK$1.62, representing a decrease of
22.9% as compared with HK$2.10 in 2015.
Total dividends paid and proposed to be paid in 2016 was HK$0.875 per
share, representing an increase of 2.94% as compared with last year.
As at the end of 2016, total assets of the Group amounted to
HK$200,111 million.
As at the end of 2016, our business operations covered 21 provinces,
autonomous regions and municipalities in China with 40 coal-fired
power plants, 2 hydro-electric plants, 1 gas-fired plant, 70 wind farms
and 5 photovoltaic power plants in commercial operation. Attributable
operational generation capacity in power generation was 36,184MW,
representing an increase of approximately 4.2% as compared with
34,731MW as at the end of 2015.
(1) Coal-fired power business
As at the end of 2016, our attributable coal-fired operating
generation capacity was 31,066MW, accounting for 85.9% of
the Group’s total attributable generation capacity, representing a
decrease of 0.8 percentage point as compared with the end of 2015.
During the year, 2x660MW coal-fired generation units in Guizhou
were commissioned, resulting in an increase in the total attributable
operating capacity of 1,320MW.
The average full-load equivalent utilization hours of the subsidiary
coal-fired power plants which were operational for the full year
of 2016 reached 4,922 hours, exceeding the national average
utilization hours for thermal power plants by 757 hours. This was
because most of our subsidiary power plants comprise of highly
efficient large generation units, and are mainly located in areas with
relatively strong demand for electricity, thus having certain market
advantages, and also reflecting our high management efficiency.
Currently, our coal-fired power plants under construction include
2x660MW ultra-supercritical generation units in Wujianfang, Inner
Mongolia; 2x660MW ultra-supercritical generation units in Jinzhou,
Liaoning and 2x1,000MW Phase II ultra-supercritical generation
units in Caofeidian, Hebei. We plan to commence construction of
2x350MW heat and power co-generation units in Yundong, Hebei
and 2x350MW heat and power co-generation units in Dongming,
Shandong. These generation units are expected to be commissioned
in 2018 and 2019.
(2) Clean and renewable energy business
In 2016, we continued to increase our investment in renewable
energy development with a focus on the establishment of six bases
of 1,000MW wind farm projects in Shandong, Hubei, Guangdong,
Hebei, Henan and Shanxi provinces.
As at the end of 2016, our attributable operating generation
capacity in wind, gas, hydro-electric and photovoltaic power
combined reached 5,119MW, accounting for 14.1% of our total
attributable operating generation capacity and representing an
increase of 0.8 percentage point as compared with the end of 2015.
During the year, total renewable energy capacity connected to the
grid reached a record high. The grid-connected wind power capacity
increased by 992MW to 5,227MW, of which 398MW completed
testing and was put into commercial operation, increasing total
operational capacity to 4,632MW. The attributable operating
generation capacity of photovoltaic power increased by 110MW
to 130MW. The average full-load equivalent utilization hours of
our wind farms which were operational for the full year of 2016
reached 2,084 hours, exceeding the national average by 342 hours,
maintaining a leading position in the industry.
As at the end of 2016, attributable capacity of wind, photovoltaic
and hydro-electric power under construction was 473MW, 20MW
and 107MW, respectively. As at the end of 2016, our newly added
wind power reserve capacity was 2,975MW, representing an increase
of 1.9% as compared with last year, of which 87% are located in
regions with few curtailment issues. Our photovoltaic power capacity
filed with the government was 1,367MW. The rapid increase in the
development of renewable energy is the result of internal corporate
restructuring which directs our resources and focuses towards clean
energy.
(3) Coal business
In 2016, as the coal industry was impacted by the
policies of “Reducing Overcapacity and Controlling
Production”, supply and demand of coal were under
stress, particularly in the second half of the year
when the market price of coal surged. Leveraging
the opportunities arising from the national policy of
“Reducing Overcapacity”, we accelerated the process of
eliminating inefficient capacity by shutting down nine
mines and reducing our overcapacity by 2.74 million
tonnes per year.
Transformation and Reform
Management reform: In the first half of 2016, we
completed the organizational reform and implemented
a three-tier management model under which, our power
businesses, including the development, construction
and operation of coal-fired power generation and clean
renewable energy, were consolidated and the domestic
target markets were divided into 10 main regions. Evidently,
the reform enabled CR Power to increase its pace in the
development of clean renewable energy as well as actively
and effectively respond to the opportunities and challenges
arising from the power reform in China. In 2016, leveraging
the rich resources and management experience from the
development of traditional coal-fired power generation
in each region, we actively established the full value
chain, covering site selection, design and construction of
new energy. During the year, grid-connected wind and
photovoltaic power capacity exceeded 1,000MW, and the
approved new energy reserve capacity exceeded 4,000MW.
In response to the power reform in China and business
expansion, our headquarters established functional
management departments such as power retail business,
international business and technological research departments
in order to explore potential sources for profit growth and
development. As at the end of 2016, we incorporated
13 power retail companies. In particular, the power retail
company in Guangdong recorded satisfactory results after one
year of operation.
Enhanced management: With industrial and technological development,
we strove to explore a management model of higher efficiency. During
the year, we took an initiative to centralize the operation of wind farms
in five regions as pilot projects, including Southern China, Central China,
Northern China, Northeastern China and Eastern China. Utilizing advanced
information technologies, we set up offsite monitoring centers for the
wind farms. This enabled us to change the less efficient traditional smallscale
wind farm model into a model where resources, management and
operators are more centralized. With this breakthrough, the operating
efficiency of our new energy business and satisfaction of employees
increased significantly.
Social Responsibility
Energy conservation and emission reduction: We are dedicated to
resource conservation and environmental protection. While accelerating
investment in renewable energy, we also promote technological
innovation to expedite energy conservation and emission reduction and
further explore ways to save energy. In 2016, our in-house self-optimizing
system designed for coal-fired power plants was adopted by second
batch of 18 plants. The system was particularly successful in reducing
coal consumption. In 2016, the average net generation standard coal
consumption rate of our subsidiary coal-fired power plants was 305.0g/
kWh, representing a decrease of 2.0g/kWh as compared with that of
2015. In 2016, we upgraded 24 coal-fired units with ultra-low emission
facilities. The emission of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and particulates
decreased by 0.07g/kWh, 0.07g/kWh and 0.02g/kWh, respectively as
compared with last year. As at the end of 2016, 49 generation units
with total attributable operating capacity of 21,211MW were equipped
with ultra-low emission facilities, accounting for 78% of the attributable
operating capacity of our subsidiary coal-fired power plants, significantly
higher than industry average. With the exceptional achievements in
environmental protection, CR Power and its subsidiaries received 18
awards under the Hong Kong Green Awards (香港綠色企業大獎) in 2016.
Contributions to the society: Over the years, we have been devoted to
social welfare in an effort to improve the well-being of the general public
and facilitate robust regional economic and community developments.
In 2016, through engaging in education, poverty relief, environmental
protection, disaster relief, regional infrastructure development and
voluntary services as well as CRH’s establishment of Hope Towns (希望小
鎮) in impoverished regions in China, we contributed a total donation of
approximately HK$119.54 million to the society. In addition, efforts were
made to offer more job positions. During the year, we recruited 2,283
additional employees, including 411 fresh university graduates.
Open communications: We attach great importance to communication
and establishment of mutual trust with all stakeholders. Apart from
conferences, reports, websites, WeChat official accounts, hotlines
and emails, we also launched “Enterprise Open Days” to invite all
stakeholders to visit our power plants and welcome the scrutiny by the
society in respect of the green development and performance of social
responsibilities of CR Power in an open manner and made such ”open
days” a normal part of our work duties.
In May 2016, we launched the “CR Power Social Responsibility Tour for
Hong Kong Youth” (香港青年學生社會責任華潤電力行). For the first time,
we invited 15 young students from Hong Kong to visit our power plants in
Guangzhou and Hezhou. They acted as social responsibility inspectors to
review CR Power’s endeavours in environmental protection, technological
innovation, social responsibilities and circular economy and participated
in social welfare activities. In September, we organized “Green Factories
Public Experience Month” (體驗式綠色工廠公眾開放月) in 24 plants in 13
provinces and autonomous regions across the country. Local government
departments, residents from the neighbourhood, media, students,
environmental advocates, regulatory authorities and other related parties
were invited to visit the plants to gain first-hand experience and better
understanding with regard to the green development principles, measures
and effectiveness of CR Power. Our subsidiaries organized more than 60
activities of various types which facilitated our communications with the
public and gained their trust and support.
OUTLOOK ON 2017
Adhering to the principles of innovation, transformation and eco-friendly
development as well as the development strategies of the Company,
we are committed to reforms and progressive development in order to
facilitate the implementation of our 2017 business plans.
We will further optimize the asset structure, expedite the development of
renewable energy and control the pace of growth of coal-fired generation
units and continue to eliminate excess capacity of coal. By optimizing
our stakes and technological upgrades as well as eliminating inefficient
capacity, our high-quality portfolio of existing assets combined with our
strong, high-quality pipeline, we are confident that we will maintain our
leading position in profitability in the industry.
We will further innovate and optimize our management and control
model and process management in order to enhance our management
efficiency and response to market changes. Efforts will be made to
develop the analysis and application of information technology and big
data for higher management efficiency. While accelerating the investment
in wind power and strengthening our development capabilities, we will
also explore innovative and diversified methods to further develop clean
energy, such as further improving the efficiency of existing capacity,
strengthening centralized management, and carrying out mergers and
acquisitions. Through better integration of resources analysis, research
and development, design and other parts of the value chain, we aim to
enhance the core competitiveness in wind power projects.
We will take advantage of the market trend and closely follow the
direction of the power reform policies, opening up of the power sales
and power distribution markets in China, and actively capture the
opportunities by responsively transforming our business model.
We will actively perform our social obligations by promoting the
innovation and application of energy conservation and emission reduction
technologies and further improving energy consumption and emission
indicators. In 2017, we plan to upgrade 6 coal-fired units with an
attributable generation capacity of 1,581MW to be equipped with ultralow
emission facilities, cumulatively accounting for approximately 86% of
our total attributable coal-fired operating generation capacity by the end
of 2017.
Success is the results of efforts and wisdom of all parties. I would like
to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, partners and the
community for their care and support. 2017 is a critical linkage to the
13th Five-Year Plan. Despite the challenges in the macro economy,
CR Power will capture new opportunities and nurture new hopes.
We will continue to work hand-in-hand with all stakeholders to bring
new breakthroughs to different segments with prudent and practical
endeavours, innovations and steady growth. No efforts will be spared
to develop CR Power into an outstanding and integrated energy service
company with the highest value.
Zhou Junqing
Chairman
Hong Kong, 23 March 2017