Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the annual results of CR Power for the year ended 31 December 2012.
After battling years of surging coal prices and the delayed implementation of the coal-electricity price linkage mechanism, China s coal-fired power industry witnessed a favorable turn from its complex and challenging business environment.
Due to the adverse economic environment both internationally and domestically, coal prices continued to decline. This, combined with hiked on-grid tariffs, caused the coal-fired power sector to rebound significantly.
2012 marks the beginning of a new decade for CR Power. Under challenging macro-economic market conditions, we further optimized our structure and business model, overcame challenges, promoted strategic development, organizational reforms, management innovations, cultural redevelopment and significantly enhanced our organizational capability.
Furthermore, we comprehensively implemented lean management and explored internal potentials to further reinforce and improve the core competence of our cost control systems and strengthened the sustainability and profitability of the Company. In 2012, we achieved record high results among the key indicators including operating profit, operating cash flows and return on invested capital, and achieved top rankings in the domestic coal-fired power industry in terms of profitability, gearing and capital structure.
2012 was the sixth consecutive year in which CR Power was included in the Forbes Global 2000 list and ranked 850th (improving by 96 positions from 946th in 2011) and the Platts Top 250 Global Energy Companies and ranked 134th (improving by 15 positions from 149th in 2011), ranked 5th in the world and 4th in Asia among all independent power producers and energy traders. With a compound growth rate of 31% over the last three years, CR Power also ranked 14th among the 50th fastest growing energy companies in the world and in China respectively.

CR Power recorded a consolidated turnover of HK$62,436 million in 2012, representing an increase of 2.8% compared to HK$60,709 million in 2011. Net profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$7,479 million, representing an increase of 68.0% compared with approximately HK$4,451 million in 2011. Basic earnings per share amounted to HK$1.59, representing an increase of 67.4% compared with HK$0.95 in 2011. The Board has resolved to declare a final dividend of HK$0.45 per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.06 per share, the total dividend for the whole year is HK$0.51 per share, representing a dividend payout ratio of about 32.1%.
As at the end of 2012, our attributable operational generation capacity amounted to 25,271MW, representing an increase of 13.7% over 22,230MW in 2011. Coal-fired attributable operational generation capacity amounted to 23,292MW, accounting for 92.2% of our total attributable operational generation capacity. Generation capacity attributable to clean and renewable energy, including wind, hydro and gas-fired power, accounted for 7.8% of our total attributable operational generation capacity, increasing by 1.2 percentage points over 2011.
(1) Coal-fired power business In 2012, we commissioned four new large-scale coal-fired generation units, adding a total of 2,510MW of attributable operational generation capacity. At the end of 2012, our projects under construction had a total attributable operational generation capacity of 5,900MW, including the second 1,000MW generation unit in Phase II of our project in Puqi, Hubei, 2x 1,000MW power generation units in Cangnan, Zhejiang, 2x 350MW heat and power co-generation units in Yichang, Hubei, 2x 350MW heat and power co-generation units in Panjing, Liaoning and 2x 1,000MW generation units in Haifeng, Guangdong. These generation units are expected to be commissioned in 2013, 2014 and 2015.
In 2012, our consolidated operating coal-fired power plants recorded a decrease of 7.9% and 9.3% in average standard coal cost and average unit fuel cost respectively compared with 2011 and a year-on-year increase of 5.1% in average on-grid tariffs, which increased our operating profit by 25.8% from 2011. The decrease in fuel costs was mainly due to the fall in domestic coal prices, effective supplier management, optimizing coal procurement sourcing and enhancing internal control on fuel management.
In 2012, the average net generation standard coal consumption rate of our coal-fired power plants was 320.16gkWh, representing a decrease of 5.83gkWh or 1.8% as compared to 325.99gkWh in 2011. This was mainly due to increased investments on energy conservation which improved our efficiency and profitability. We also implemented lean management, benchmark management and operational optimizations, effectively improving the energy consumption of our operating generation units.
The economic slowdown in China resulted in a slowdown in national power consumption in 2012. Our average full-load equivalent utilization hours for the 32 coal-fired generation units that were fully operational during the year was 5,680 hours, exceeding the national average level for coal-fired generation units by 715 hours. This is mainly because most of our generation units are high-capacity efficient units possessing certain market advantages and are located in provinces with rapid economic development with strong demand for electric power. We also endeavored to increase our power generation volume by obtaining and securing fuel supply, bidding for excess power generation or replacing small generation units for 
(2) Coal-mining business The supply and demand situation in the coal market was relatively easy in 2012. Domestic coal production volume continued to rise and imported coal also increased significantly by 28.7% year-on-year. On the other hand, demand for coal dropped thus resulting in a sharp fall in coal prices during the year.
In 2012, CR Power s subsidiary and associate coal mines in Shanxi, Jiangsu, Henan and Hunan provinces produced a total of 16.84 million tonnes of raw coal, representing an increase of 1.8% from 16.54 million tonnes in 2011. The increase in coal production volume was mainly due to the year-on-year increase in annual production volume of Shanxi Asian American- Daning Coal Mine of approximately 214% to 4.73 million tonnes.
As a result of the economic downturn and the decrease in demand for electric power and coal, the coal market remained weak and coal prices declined significantly in 2012. Compared with the beginning of the year, raw coal prices fell by as much as 40%. Some of our coal mines were also undergoing infrastructural and technological upgrading and were therefore unable to resume coal production. This combined with other factors such as regional logistics constraints, CR Power s coal production and sales volume were affected. Therefore, the Company s coal production and respective profits fell short of our original target despite the slight increase in coal production year on year.
Under these circumstances, we analyzed the situation and conducted an in-depth review of CR Power s execution capabilities in the coal business to identify our deficiencies in strategic positioning, infrastructure, transportation, marketing, fundamental management, professional capability, teambuilding, organizational capability and cultural integration. We have formulated corresponding improvement measures, goals and action plans in these respects, and strive to make substantial progress and advancement to fulfill the expectations of the market and our shareholders in the future.
(3) Renewable energy business In 2012, CR Power continued to increase its investment in renewable energy projects, especially in the development and construction of wind power projects. Our attributable operational wind generation capacity as at the end of 2012 reached 1,622MW, representing an increase of 31.4% from 1,234MW in 2011. Our wind farms were mainly located in Guangdong, Shandong, Hebei, Liaoning, Gansu, Inner Mongolia and Heilongjiang.
The average utilisation hours for our wind farms in 2012 reached 2,096 hours, representing a decrease of 1.41% from 2,126 hours in 2011.
Through active promotion, we obtained state approvals for generation capacity of wind projects of up to 1,050MW, while 1,550MW of capacity was included in the second batch approval program under the Development Plan for the Wind Power Industry during the Twelfth Five-Year Period by the government. As at the end of 2012, we signed wind power investment and development agreements with 24 provinces and autonomous regions in the PRC, with reserves of a total contracted capacity of 45,000MW.
The Yazuihe Hydropower Project in Sichuan province which commenced operation in 2012, has a total generation capacity of 260MW, of which 51% is owned by CR Power. During the year, the generation capacity of our hydropower projects approved by the PRC government reached 113MW, while the National Energy Bureau approved a total capacity of 345MW of hydropower projects to commence preliminary work.

The Board of CR Power aims to continuously improve on corporate governance practices with the objective of creating value for shareholders. In 2012, we leveraged on the management enhancement campaign for central enterprises carried out by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission to pursue the three goals of strategic, organizational and cultural development based on the two annual themes of teambuilding and lean management .
These measures enabled CR Power to promote strategic and organizational transformation, undergo profound changes in corporate fundamentals, deliver excellent performance and reward shareholders with satisfactory accomplishments.
We intend to draw up a new development blueprint through strategy reassessment. From November 2011 to December 2012, CR Power conducted six major strategy reviews and reassessments covering the three themes of reflection , understanding and action . In respect of business competence, organizational capability, culture and teambuilding, we conducted comprehensive and systematic in-depth reassessments at both headquarter and regional company levels, further streamlined and optimized CR Power s overall and business strategies and set up a new strategic development 
In striving for organizational reform and to enhance strategic execution, we have built a headquarters + business units matrix control structure based on the principle of strengthening the headquarters, solidifying regional companies and refining projects , which defined the functions of our headquarters, business units, regional companies and respective control interfaces for organizations at different levels. Basic rules for selecting, deploying and retiring managers are also formulated, and we carried out a plan to systematically promote, retire, rotate and transfer our managers and staff.
This was successfully implemented in the coal-fired power business, and will subsequently be rolled out to the coal and renewable energy divisions. The organizational reform, which is also the largest-scale with the greatest impact at the organizational level since the inception of CR Power, has significantly improved the vitality, execution and efficiency of the Company, thus laying an organizational foundation for implementation of strategies and achieving goals.
Cultural rebuilding comes with changes in conception as well as work-styles. After carefully reflecting on the problems and weaknesses among teams and individuals, the management of CR Power started rectification by changing firstly the mindset and practices, in order to implement its core value of honesty and integrity and cultural concepts such as remembering the three things that we can never give up , being 1) hardworking and pioneering spirit, 2) self-reliance and 3) pursuit of excellence. For example, CR Power and each business division hold monthly meetings at the offices of front- line operations, which enables the management to clearly understand the situation on site and help resolve problems first- hand. The headquarters of the coal division was relocated to Shanxi from Beijing, narrowing the distance of management and front-line staff, which in turn greatly increased work efficiency.
The Board also endeavours to improve the Company s transparency, accountability and promote honesty, integrity and fair treatment to shareholders, staff, customers and other stakeholders of the Company.

In 2012, we continued the practice of simultaneously placing a great emphasis on fulfilling our social responsibilities alongside our corporate development. Social responsibilities have been incorporated into our strategic planning, operations and business development with an aim to seek the harmonious and unified development of the economy, environment and 
In 2012, we continued to push ahead with industrial restructuring, vigorously promoted the development of renewable energy and circular recycling economy projects, and improved the energy utilization efficiency and clean power generation level. Meanwhile, we continued investing in and managing large-scale technical innovation projects of energy-conservation and emission-reduction, and strengthened the management of operations and maintenance of environmental facilities.
As a result, waste water, waste gas and solid wastes were reduced in terms of emission rates as compared to last year.
In 2012, renewable energy accounted for 7.8% of our attributable operational capacity, representing an increase of 1.2 percentage point as compared to 2011.
We have always emphasized on safety development, and constantly established and improved the production safety management system in compliance with international and domestic industry standards, so as to perfect and develop a management model integrating environmental protection, occupational health and safety management. In each of the business segments of coal-fired, coal and renewable energy, comprehensive safety assessment, production safety standardization and safety action observation activities were carried out continuously, aiming to eliminate risks, solidify the safety foundation and accelerate intrinsic safety, thus ensuring the safety of staff and equipment. Furthermore, the production safety accountability system was implemented with the inclusion of production safety objectives in performance contracts from president to project leaders and staff at all levels. Safety related responsibility letters were signed by all relevant employees to ensure everyone is aware of their safety responsibilities. In 2012, none of our subsidiaries encountered any major or serious production safety accidents, reflecting that the overall production safety standards of the Company are satisfactory.
CR Power s business and scale expanded with an increasing number of staff as it transformed from a single coal-fired power business into an integrated energy producing company with diversified business segments. As at the end of 2012, the Company and its subsidiaries had 38,118 staff, representing an increase of 4.12% compared to 2011. To develop a team of high quality staff capable of efficiently supporting CR Power s strategies, we constantly innovated and improved our staff training system through planned and hierarchical training activities such as on corporate management, professional skills, production safety, corporate culture, team building, etc. The attendance level of staff from each level throughout the year was over 40,000.
We strongly believe that the growth of CR Power depends largely on the support and help from the government and communities for which we have been grateful. Therefore, on top of achieving high profitability, we actively participate in public welfare for the benefit of the community and the general public. In 2012, we donated RMB3 million under Hebei Provincial China Resources Education Fund for the sixth consecutive year to fund over 1,000 impoverished university students and actively participated in a project called China Resources Hope Town . We also donated to the construction of public facilities and schools in flood-affected areas and poverty-stricken areas where our subsidiaries are located. We donated approximately RMB73 million for charitable purposes during the year.
In 2012, we organized and prepared the second CR Power Sustainable Development Report , which reported the work and performance of CR Power in the aspects of development, economy, environment and society. We take initiative in accepting supervision from stakeholders and the communities, allowing stakeholders and other related parties to develop a better understanding of CR Power. We believe, this is of critical importance for the long-term success, survival and development of the Company. Currently, we incorporate social responsibility management and sustainable growth into the Company s key agenda, and establish a regular working mechanism for social responsibility from the headquarters of CR Power to business divisions and to each of our subsidiaries. Fulfilling social responsibilities is CR Power s pursuit over profitability and an important foundation for delivering sustainable growth.
Outlook for 2013 Affected by the economic slowdown both domestically and internationally, oversupply of coal production capacity and imported coal, it is unlikely that coal prices will rebound in 2013. However with the unification of the pricing system of thermal coal, factors such as railway transport capacity, the coal-power linkage policy and the uncertainty of hydropower conditions, may have some unpredictable impact on coal prices.
In 2013, the national estimated newly added generation mix, reported that the proportion of coal-fired power generation will decrease and the energy structure will also be further improved. We will select investment projects through a stringent process and continue to invest more in the renewable energy sector, while accelerating the research and development of distributed energy projects.
We will continue to promote lean management in each operating power plant and coal enterprise, improve and optimize various production and operation indicators and increase the operation efficiency and management standard, thereby creating an atmosphere with all participating in lean production. We aim to ramp up production in our existing coal mines, especially those in Shanxi Province. In addition, we will also carry out studies on coal-power integration projects.
Our achievements in 2012 came from hardwork. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our dedicated management team and all the members of the Board, and my gratitude also goes to all the diligent and devoted staff of CR Power for their valuable contribution made for the development of CR Power in the past year. It is precisely this strong dedication and effort that allowed CR Power to have made remarkable strides amid severe market competition and overcome the difficulties and challenges to achieve impressive results.
In 2013, we will continue to maintain a balanced, comprehensive, high quality and sustainable development of the Company, pay attention to organizational reforms and the improvement of management, and further facilitate lean management and synergistic strategy, which we believe will bring about organic growth in order to respond to changes in internal and external conditions, increase our competitiveness in the market and shield against risks. We strongly believe that in view of the care, understanding and support from communities, and the concerted effort from the staff of CR Power, we are well positioned to march down the road of success, bearing in mind our ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR corporate mission, and to tackle new objectives, new challenges and new hopes. We are confident that our missions and goals for 2013 will be fully achieved.
(Note: ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR corporate mission: ONE pursuit, TWO things not to compromise, THREE things that can t be given up, and FOUR batches: one pursuit pursuit beyond profits; two things not to compromise - performance over hardwork and values over performance; three things that can t be given up hard work, self-reliance and the attitude of pursuing excellence; four batches - a batch of managers to be promoted, retired, rotated or transferred respectively) 
