Chairman s Statement In 2014, facing a slowdown in China s economy, CR Power continued to deepen reform by optimizing its industrial structure, exploiting internal potential, vigorously facilitating lean management and synergies and consistently improving the Company s profitability, risk control and sustainable development capabilities, while adhering to its development philosophy of making progress while maintaining stability , closely focusing on the Company s strategic planning of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan and its annual business plan, and centering around improving the quality of development and economic benefits. We managed to adapt to the new normal of economy in such a complex operating environment.
During the year, we were once again included in the Forbes Global 2000 and the Platts Top 250 Global Energy Companies lists for our excellent performance for the eighth consecutive year, and our rankings rose from 657th and 100th, respectively, in 2013 to 595th and 75th, respectively. We ranked 3rd both globally and in the Asia-Pacific region among all independent power producers and energy traders, and ranked among top 5 power enterprises in Fortune s Top 500 Enterprises in China. In April 2014, we were awarded the Best Investor Relations Award in the fourth Asian Excellence Recognition Awards by Corporate Governance Asia.

As at the end of 2014, equity attributable to owners of the Company and total assets of the Company amounted to HK$70,794 million and HK$225,648 million, respectively. Profit attributable to shareholders was approximately HK$9,215 million, representing a decrease of HK$1,801 million or 16.3% compared to approximately HK$11,016 million in 2013. The Board has resolved to declare a final dividend of HK$0.70 per share, together with the interim dividend of HK$0.08 per share, the total dividends paid and proposed to be paid for 2014 is HK$0.78 per share.
As at the end of 2014, our attributable operational generation capacity of power plants amounted to 31,331MW, representing an increase of about 16.4% over 26,921MW as at the end of 2013; subsidiary power plants recorded a total gross generation volume of 140,068,174 MWh, increased by 5.1% as compared to 133,247,814 MWh in 2013; subsidiary power plants recorded a total net generation volume of 132,036,399 MWh, increased by 5.3% as compared to 125,447,662 MWh in 2013.
(1) Coal-fired power business As at the end of 2014, our attributable coal-fired operating generation capacity was 27,420MW, accounting for 87.5% of our total attributable generation capacity. During the year, nine large, highly efficient coal-fired generation units were put into operation, resulted in an increase in the total attributable operating generation capacity by 3,980 MW.
Due to a slowdown in power consumption, rapid growth in hydropower generation and other factors, the average utilisation hours for coal-fired generation units in China decreased by 314 hours or 6.3% year on year to 4,706 hours.
Our 33 coal-fired generation units, which were fully operational during the year, had 5,325 hours of average full- load equivalent utilisation hours, exceeding the national average level by 619 hours. This was because most of our subsidiary power plants comprise of highly efficient large generation units, and were mainly located in areas with relatively strong demand for electricity, thus possessing certain market advantages.
(2) Coal-mining business Due to the slowdown in China s macroeconomic growth in 2014 as well as the economic transition and industrial restructuring in the country, supply and demand in the coal market maintained an easing trend in general, while coal prices continued to drop. In response to such circumstances, we focused our efforts in promoting sales while adjusting production according to sales, adopted one mine, one policy to facilitate differentiated treatment, and strictly controlled costs.
In 2014, our coal mines produced a total of approximately 11.65 million tonnes of coal (aggregation of each mine production volume on a 100% basis), representing a decrease of 17.9% from 2013, among which, 9.53 million and 2.12 million tonnes were produced by our subsidiary coal mines and associate coal mines, respectively.
(3) Renewable energy business We continued to increase our investment in clean energy and renewable energy projects. As at the end of 2014, our attributable operational generation capacity in wind power, gas and hydropower totaled 3,911MW, accounting for 12.5% of our total attributable operational generation capacity.
As at the end of 2014, our attributable operational wind power generation capacity reached 3,554MW, wind power generation capacity under construction reached 854MW, and development areas covered 15 provinces and regions across the nation.
In 2014, the average utilisation hours for wind power generation units in China was 1,905 hours. Our wind farms are mainly located in regions with few issues of curtailment including Eastern, Central and Southern China. The average full-load utilisation hours of our wind farms which were operational for the full year reached 1,989 hours, exceeding the national average level by 84 hours.
STRENGTHENING COMPLIANCE AND RISK CONTROL We recognize that corporate governance in accordance with the laws and compliant operations are the basis to a long- term healthy development of an enterprise. Therefore, in 2014, we have strengthened internal control and management on corporate risk and anti-corruption practices among managers.
We further strengthened our organizational capabilities in risk management and control by establishing the CR Power Tender and Procurement Department and a tender company to coordinate the management of tender and bidding businesses of the Company, ensuring openness, transparency and compliance in tender and bidding tasks. A comprehensive internal control and management system for the Company was set up to improve preliminary approval and subsequent appraisal for investment projects, tender and procurement and the regulatory system for reporting and filing of large sum payments. Through fixed management process and optimized management authorization and information technology construction we aim to avoid approval risks in project investment, tender and procurement and utilization of funds. Continuous efforts were exerted in business risk analysis to manage material risk exposure comprehensively against various businesses, and strong measures were adopted to improve operation guidelines, implement duties of positions and enhance management. Legal knowledge training sessions were encouraged strongly to promote risk aversion awareness. Six training programs in total were organized for senior management and non-legal officers of the Company, including thinking legally, risk prevention, offences in performing duties, information disclosure, tender management and file management.
We reinforced anti-corruption practices among managers. A disciplinary surveillance department was set up at the head offices of our power business and coal business, respectively. A disciplinary review committee was established or a disciplinary review officer was stationed in each unit to achieve full disciplinary coverage of the entire CR Power system.
We strengthened the building of a proper work style for managers through regulation of company car usage, office usage and spending for business purposes by managers and appraisal on the manager s behaviour was developed. Anti- corruption education and integrity culture were actively promoted among managers through thematic reports to build up a line of professional conduct against corruption among managers to prevent the occurrence of various sorts of non-compliance acts. Managers at various levels learnt the Ten Rules of CR Power actively and signed the Declaration of Compliance to strengthen anti-corruption consciously.
FULFILLING OF SOCIAL 
We respond to our shareholders and investors proactively, actively pursued a high quality and healthy development as well as accelerated structured optimization and project approvals to continuously create value for shareholders and investors. In 2014, we made great progress in coal- fired project approvals and obtained approvals for total capacity of 3,320MW throughout the year.
Approvals for wind power projects reached a new record with an approved capacity of more than 
We committed to build an environmentally-friendly enterprise, and strived to develop clean energy and recycling economic projects to improve energy utilization efficiency and clean power generation level. As at the end of 2014, our clean and renewable energy accounted for 12.5% of our total attributable operational generation capacity, representing an increase of 0.5 percentage point as compared to 12% at the end of 2013.
We continued to invest in technical reform projects of energy conservation and emission reduction, and implemented over 100 technical reform projects of energy conservation during the year. In 2014, the average net generation standard coal consumption rate in our coal-fired power plants was 311.70 gkWh, 3.49 gkWh or 1.1% lower as compared to 315.19 g kWh in 2013.
Construction, transformation, operation, maintenance and management of environmental protection facilities were strengthened continuously, total investment in energy conservation and emission reduction, technical reforms and installation of environmental protection facilities during the year amounted to RMB1.662 billion. As at the end of 2014, apart from a 200MW generation unit at Tangshan thermal power plant and two 140MW generation units at Jiaozuo thermal power plant which are intended to be closed down and a 200MW generation unit at Shenhai thermal power plant in Shenyang which is currently under renovation, all other generation units of subsidiary coal-fired power plants have installed desulfurization facilities complying with the national emission standards. Except for the above-mentioned generation units which are intended to be demolished in the short term, all other generation units of subsidiary coal-fired power plants have installed denitrification facilities complying with national emission standards. As at the end of 2014, 94.3% of the generation units of subsidiary power plants used bag-type dust precipitators or other advanced technology encouraged by the Government for ash removal. In 2014, the sulphur dioxide emission level in subsidiary coal-fired power plants was 25% lower than the previous year, the reduction level of nitrogen oxide and fly ash was nearly 50% year-on-year. The consolidated energy consumption per RMB10,000 turnover rate (in constant currency) fell by 8.1% year-on-year for coal- fired power generation. Among these projects, the No.1 generation unit at Nansha thermal power plant in Guangzhou was one of the 13 environmental pilot-run projects, installed with ultra-clean technology, emission standards for sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and fly ash are lower than the standards for gas-fired generation units.
We steadily promoted the construction of an enterprise with inherent safety to safeguard the safety of our employees and the community. We always took production safety as top priority, and established the CR Power environment health and safety department to coordinate and manage safe production, occupational health, environmental protection, energy conservation and emission reduction, In 2014, the Company invested RMB560 million in production safety, increased by 24.4% as compared to RMB450 million in 2013. No safety incident of major scale or above had occurred by our subsidiaries, the overall production safety condition was stable.
We continue to care for our employees and take initiative to protect their interests and rights and emphasize on staff training, ability enhancement and career development. We also improved the systems related to salaries and benefits and performance management, to motivate the passion for work and living among employees, increase the sense of belonging and satisfaction among employees in pursuit of concurrent growth of staff and the Company. In 2014, we completed 498 reviews on talents at key posts and 204 exchange of talents, and established over 10 associations including a basketball club, football club, fitness club and Taichi club at headquarters, employees made more than 3,000 participations in the 
CR Power grows under the support and care from the communities for which we have been grateful and in turn, we endeavour to contribute back to the society. In 2014, we donated RMB3 million to Hebei Provincial China Resources Education Fund for the eighth consecutive year to fund 1,000 impoverished university students and actively participated in China Resources Hope Town project. We actively participated in public benefit activities, poverty alleviation, greening, environmental protection and construction of public facilities in the areas where our projects are located. We donated approximately RMB42.306 million for charitable purposes in 2014.
OUTLOOK FOR 2015 In the likelihood of a slowdown in the growth of demand for electricity, increasing pressure in environmental protection and a market-oriented reform, the growth rate of national power consumption in 2015 is not likely to improve significantly. With total output easing and the structural surplus in the coal market, it will be difficult for coal prices to rebound from current low levels in near future.
In 2015, we will continue optimizing the business mix and existing assets and innovating business model, to drive CR Power to realize valuable growth and sustainable development. We will continue to deeply promote lean management, enhance the overall operational efficiency and management level of the Company, to further improve and optimize various production and operation indicators as well as maintain and increase the value of assets. We will continue to actively promote energy conservation and emissions reduction through increase of investment and technology. We continuously improve risk management and control, optimize risk prevention system, strengthen discipline inspection and audit functions, and ensure a sound operation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
We will further strengthen forward analysis and market research for thermal power projects, actively obtain quality development opportunities and constantly optimize our existing assets. We will also continue to increase investment in clean and renewable energy, focus on the construction of wind farms and actively pursue development of large-scale solar projects. We will constantly optimize our asset structure, continue to improve on risk mitigation and profitability. We will also streamline our existing coal assets, and generate value on existing coal resources.
2014 was an extraordinary year. CR Power experienced many unforgettable moments. Faced with unprecedented pressure, we stand firm with strong faith and united to promote steady development. With the support of shareholders and the communities, our team did not underperform and our competitiveness and profitability in core businesses persisted without receding: Based on the rapid development we maintained over the years, the Company made considerable achievements in every aspect and also maintained the leading position in the industry with impressive major operating indicators. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend my sincere gratitude to all shareholders and communities for their valuable contribution and support in the past year.
In 2015, we will face both opportunities and challenges. Standing at a new starting point, we will continue to uphold our pragmatic enterprise corporate culture, to be righteous and innovative and walk forward together. We firmly believe that with the support from shareholders and communities and joint efforts from our diligent staff, we will be able to achieve better results and deliver satisfactory financial results to shareholders and stakeholders. We will march on with solid pace to build CR Power into a respectful and sustainable integrated energy company .

