Chairman s Statement 
CR Power recorded a consolidated turnover of HK$48.6 billion in the year ended 31 December 2010, representing an increase of 48.6% compared to last year. Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was HK$4,904 million, representing a decrease of 7.8% compared with HK$5,320 million of last year. Basic earnings per share was HK$1.05, representing a decrease of 11.8% compared with HK$1.19 of last year.
The Board has resolved to declare a final dividend of HK$0.27 per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.06 per share paid on 11 October 2010, the total dividend for the full year is HK$0.33 per share, representing a dividend payout ratio of 31.4%.

The power sector was plagued by a multitude of difficulties in 2010. Many power producers operated under strenuous conditions, and for CR Power, it was a year full of challenges. In 2010, national power consumption steadily declined from the peak levels in the first half of the year as growth began to slow down. In the first half of 2010, power supply was tight at certain time slots in some regions, but overall supply and demand remained stable over the whole year.
During the second half of 2010, Chinese government imposed pressure on energy saving and emission reduction in the country, in order to meet the emission reduction target set in the Eleventh Five-Year Plan , power demand of energy-intensive industries decreased. During the year, the more rapid growth in industrial power demand drove national power consumption higher, resulting in a 14.9% increase in national power generation nationwide for the 
During mid-year of 2010, many investors were concerned about the impact of the energy saving and emission reduction policy controls on our power generation and utilization hours for the second half of the year, in particular many of our power plants were located in coastal areas in China. Investors believed the slowdown in industrial power demand during the second half of the year would cause significant negative impact on CR Power. However, total net generation in 2010 (on a consolidated basis) for our subsidiary power plants increased from 75,248,994 MWh in 2009 to 95,189,601 MWh, representing an increase of 26.5%, which is higher than the national average growth rate. The average utilization hours of our 23 coal-fired power plants which were operational for the whole year of 2009 and 2010 increased from 5,750 hours in last year to 6,001 hours, representing a growth of 4.4%. This also exceeded the national average utilization hours of coal-fired power plants of 5,031 hours by 970 hours, or 19%. In recent years, CR Power insisted on its strategic positioning which focused on three delta regions and three lines in targeted markets. As such, we built power plants in regions with stronger economic vitality and faster economic growth. The management team of CR Power devoted dedicated efforts to deliver superior management performance, leading the staff to weather the storm caused by external factors, and therefore creating value for shareholders and maximizing the value of our 
In 2010, CR Power gained even greater global influence. We were ranked by Forbes Magazine as one of the Forbes Global 2000 listed enterprises once again with a ranking of 1,177th for overall position. In addition, CR Power was ranked, for a consecutive fourth time, as one of Platts Top 250 Global Energy Companies , world s eighth independent power producer, Asia s third independent power producer, world s third fastest growing energy company and Asia s fastest growing energy company with a 3-year compound growth rate of 50.5%. Moreover, CR Power was named Top 1000 Global Chinese-run Businesses Best Operating Results Awards in Hong Kong Region by Asia Magazine in 2010 for our remarkable growth in operating results and innovation.
The total number of our operational subsidiary power plants increased from 31 in 2009 to 42 in 2010. The attributable operational generation capacity of the Company increased to 19,358MW from 17,753MW as at the end of 2009.
During the year, CR Power added on new attributable capacity of 2,682MW, and shut down a total attributable capicity of 1,077MW, resulting in net increase of 1,605MW in attributable operational generation capacity. The newly commissioned coal-fired generation units of the Company in 2010 included a 600MW coal-fired heat and power co-generation unit at Nanjing Thermal Power Plant, two 1,000MW ultra-supercritical units in Xuzhou Power Plant Phase III, and a 300MW coal-fired heat and power co-generation unit at Nanjing Chemical Industry Park Power Plant phase II.
In 2010, the average standard coal cost and the average unit fuel cost of our consolidated operating power plants increased by 23.8% and 21.4%, respectively, compared to last year. The net generation standard coal consumption rate of our consolidated power plants was 330.6g kWh, decreased by 7.2gkWh from 317.8g kWh of last year. The significant increase of average standard coal cost and average unit fuel cost in 2010 was primarily due to changes in the external market environment. In the beginning of the year, the mining accidents in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and Shanxi Province resulted in a decrease of coal mining production volume; hence tightened the coal supply in the country. In addition, many southern provinces experienced serious droughts in the first half of 2010, resulting in insufficient generation from hydro-electric power stations and therefore strong demand for coal-fired power generation. As such, demand for coal surged rapidly; spot coal prices were well-supported even during low season and afterwards began to climb up. In the third quarter, various factors including pressure imposed by government on energy saving and emission reduction restricted the production of energy-intensive industries; therefore demand of coal stabilized and coal price remained flat. In the beginning of fourth quarter, many power plants started to pile up coal inventory in order to secure the supply of coal for winter heating and warming. This led to further increase in coal price, a rising trend which gradually lost steam near the end of the year. In the beginning of 2010, contract coal price negotiated between power producers and coal suppliers slightly increased from the level recorded at the beginning of 2009; however, since the changes in spot coal price during the year diverged from that in the previous year, fulfillment rate of contract coal dropped significantly. In order to enhance the efficiency of power generation units, we focus on building large- scale high-efficiency coal-fired power generation units and high-efficiency coal-fired heat and power co-generation units to lower average coal consumption rate. Two 1,000MW ultra-supercritical coal-fired power generation units at Phase III of Xuzhou Power Plant commenced operation in June and July 2010, respectively. In addition, through technological upgrade and enhancement of stability of power generation units, we sought to further explore the potential of our management structure to further enhance efficiency of power generation units and lower coal 
In 2010, we continuously built up the core competitiveness of CR Power and our long term advantage of low costs by pursuing our business strategy of moving upstream, in order to control coal resources to secure long term fuel supply for CR Power, reduce fuel costs and increase our profitability. After the acquisition of Shanxi coal mines in 2009, China Resources Liansheng established Taiyuan China Resources Coal Co., Ltd. with Jinye Group in Shanxi Province in 2010, invested in and acquired ten entities including three coal mines. The total reserves and recoverable reserves of the three coal mines are 457 million tonnes and 255 million tonnes, respectively. In addition, Shanxi China Resources Coal Co., Ltd. (50% equity interest held by Shanxi China Resources Liansheng), acquired 17 coal mines located in the Gujiao District, Taiyuan, Shanxi province. The total reserves and recoverable reserves of these mines are 120 million tonnes and 72 million tonnes, respectively.
In line with the direction of national energy structure adjustment and for the purpose of cultivating future profit drivers, the Company consolidated its foothold in the coal-fired power business while actively invested in renewable energy and clean energy such as wind power and hydro-electric power, and renewable energy gains importance in the CR Power s capacity mix. During 2010, nine wind farms with a total attributable capacity of 405MW commenced operation in Guangdong, Shandong, Hebei and Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region.
In 2010, the Company strictly followed a prudent financial management policy, and continued to improve its internal control system and conduct real-time monitoring on capital structure and balance sheet conditions. In order to reduce cost of debt and maintain a reasonable debt profile, the Company successfully issued three corporate bonds during the year of 2010. The issuances helped broadening our diversified financing channels and lowered cost of capitals on an ongoing basis, at the same time helped realize diversified capital base for the long-term and further optimized the debt structure of the Company.
As one of the seven Strategic Business Units (SBU) of China Resources Holdings Co., Ltd. ( CRH ), during the year of 2010, CR Power established two first-level profit centers of CRH, namely China Resources Power Coal Holdings Co.
Ltd. and China Resources New Energy Group Co. Ltd., which were responsible for the professional development of its coal and new energy activities, respectively. In addition, we further developed our business model based on controls at regional division levels. The divisions in Henan and Jiangsu commenced operation and there were divisions established in Inner Mongolia, Northeastern China and Southern China areas. Synergies between regions began to emerge gradually. Logistic system, which builds up linkage between CR Power s coal mining business and coal-fired power generation business, will become CR Power s next development focus. Through launching a training series led by Leadership Development and Training Project for Promising Talents of CR Power , our talent training mechanism became more systematic. Standardizations on staff performance management, organization and remuneration were also introduced to the whole Company. Efforts to streamline management of CR Power focused on coal-fired facilities construction, while operation segments further deepened and achieved successes, highlighting the core competitiveness enhanced by operational excellence based on differentiation. The Company also formulated a strategic planning report for the coming five years of the 12th five-year plan period, which aimed at accelerating the transformation of the Company from a first-class global independent power producer (IPP) into a first-class global 
CR Power devoted substantial efforts in advancing the adjustment of its industrial structure in 2010. By actively facilitating resource conservation and environmental friendliness, our pursuit went beyond profitability to seek contribution to the community and promoting the harmonious development of the society.
CR Power continuously optimizes its industrial structure. It carried out solid measures to achieve energy saving and emission reduction objectives and actively explored new models for sustainable economic development. As of the end of 2010, clean energy accounted for 4.5% of the Company s total attributable capacity. In addition, the efficiency of energy utilization and level of clean energy generation continued to improve; our operating flue gas desulphurization units accounted for 97% of operating installed capacity with 92% desulphurization efficiency, and the matching rate between desulphurization operation time and unit load came close to 100%. Except for units proposed to be shut down, desulphurization units accounted for 100% of coal-fired power generation units and integrated utilization rate of pulverized coal was nearly 100%. In our power plants, we maximized water usage sourced from urban water supply and industrial sewage. Furthermore, we adequately leveraged on the advantage of diversified enterprise businesses of our parent company, CRH, to construct the Hezhou CR Recyclable Economic Industry Demonstration Zone ]do_t}o"umi:y{@S in collaboration with CR Cement and CR Snow Breweries and through adhering to the principle of reduce, reuse, renew and recycle . Upon official completion, this project can offer considerable economic and social benefits.
The Company encouraged all staff to actively donate for the disaster relief of the extreme drought in south-western region of China and the earthquake in Yushu, Qinghai Province. We continued our strategic cooperation with the China Youth Development Foundation to further develop the CR Power Education Fund in Hebei Province. By undertaking the responsibility of building ten 3MW oil-fired power generators in the temporary power station at the quake-struck Yushu, Qinghai Province, CR Power spent only three months to bring all units in operation. Besides, CR Power accepted the mission of aiding the construction of an oil-fired power plant in Lhasa, Tibet; by overcoming the arduous construction conditions in the area known as the roof of the world , we succeeded in achieving single- cycle power generation of the units within just 99 days. This was an extraordinary achievement in China s power generation infrastructure history and ensured that the various tribes in Tibet would be provided with light and warmth as the New Year approached.
For our future development, CR Power will always remember to be thankful for the support of the community in order to fulfill our social responsibilities and become an outstanding corporate citizen . Our people-oriented principles ensure that we strive for stable operation with integrity and actively participate in promoting harmonious community relations. At a new starting point, we will make satisfactory returns to the shareholders, serve the society and contribute to the community with more outstanding results.

In the future, CR Power will continue to invest in coal-fired power generation business, with focus on large-scale coal-fired units and heat-and-power co-generation units in our strategic target market, to continue generating strong profitability. Despite the narrowing in profit margin of coal-fired power generation business during 2010 due to higher fuel costs, we will keep adopting strict control measures by procuring contract coal with transportation guarantee, enhance fulfilment rate, optimize operational efficiency, in order to maintain our competitive advantage as cost-leader in the IPP sector. In 2011, we will commission several coal-fired power generation units, and start construction of several large-scale coal-fired power generation units with high operational efficiency. We are confident that these new power generation units will provide the Company with sustained profit growth.
In the meantime, CR Power will improve its long-term core competitiveness and value creation by continuing to optimize industrial structure and moving upstream in business expansion. Acquisition and development of coal reserves not only secures coal supply for our coal-fired power plants, but also enhance cost control. Although we achieved initial success in integrating the coal mines in Shanxi, we still need to make full efforts to ensure that all the acquired coal mines can resume production as soon as possible. At the same time, we will continue technical upgrade of certain coal mines to maximize production capacity, and therefore create better value and return for our shareholders.
In the coming year, we will continue to identify additional coal resources which match with the Company s development strategies to seize acquisition and new coal project opportunities as they arise.
For clean energy, in response to government s energy structure change, and for the purpose of developing new profit drivers for CR Power, we will focus on development of wind power, nuclear energy, waste-to-energy power generation, solar power, hydro-electric power, as well as distributed energy sources (DER). The core business of CR Power s renewable energy sector will continue to be wind. Subject to the clean energy development strategy of the Company, the fulfillment of project investment criteria and strict compliance with project approval procedures, the Company aims to increase installed capacity of wind power every year. Currently, we are also constructing one hydro- electric project and actively conducting preliminary work for development of some other project. Besides, in order to keep exploring the various channels of developing more clean energy business in China, we will accelerate the construction of demonstration projects for waste-to-energy power generation.
The year 2011 will mark the 10th anniversary of CR Power. With the full support from shareholders and all parties of the community, and under the concerted efforts of the management team and all staff, CR Power realized high speed development and achieved excellent results over the past ten years. Looking forward, CR Power will continue to be strategy-driven in its development. After a thorough review of our own corporate profile, we aim to step up our operation to achieve even better results and overcome new obstacles. We will make every effort to renew our business model and enhance our organizational capabilities. Our ability to fully execute business strategies as planned and our deep-rooted corporate culture ensures that, with our never-tiring efforts, we can build on this incredible development story to achieve further success. Our rationale is to actively fulfill our social responsibilities and pursue sustainable development. It is our belief that through our coordinated efforts, the vision of establishing CR Power as a world-class enterprise, a most respected enterprise and the best corporate employer will definitely come true! 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Directors, management team and staff members for their contributions and dedications to growing CR Power. My gratitude also goes to our shareholders for their continuous trust and support.
Wang Shuai Ting 
