Chairman s Statement 
The Group reported a consolidated turnover of HK$26,772 million for the year, representing an increase of 59.1% compared to last year s HK$16,830 million. Profit attributable to Shareholders was HK$1,717 million, 46.7% down on the corresponding figure of HK$3,221 million in 2007. The decrease in underlying profit was mainly attributable to the substantial increase in fuel costs, mainly coal price, during the year. Basic earnings per share were HK41.30 cents against last year s HK82.05 cents.
In 2008, the number of our subsidiary power plants totalled at 22, up from last year s 20. Profit contributions from our subsidiaries for the year were 83% compared to last year s 84%.
The Board has recommended final dividend of HK8 cents per share, which together with interim dividend of HK5 cents paid in 6 October 2008, amount to full year dividend of HK13 cents per share, representing a dividend payout ratio of 31.5%.

2008 was a year filled with unprecedented challenges for the power sector in China; coal price soared to its historical high in the third quarter of the year and squeezed the profits and profit margins of many independent power producers. Against this backdrop, China Resources Power Group managed to maintain a solid performance for the year, and continued to implement our business strategies of fast yet prudent expansion.
As at 31 December 2008, our operational attributable capacity edged up by 476MW to 12,981MW, compared to last year s 12,505MW; a number of generation units were added in 2008, including the three 200MW heat and power co-generation units of Shenhai Thermal Power Plant, and wind power generation units of Shantou Wind Farm with an attributable operational capacity of 29.25MW. The acquisition of China Resources Power (Jiangsu) Investment Company Limited (doR_l b gPlQS ), with an approximate attributable capacity of 3GW, will be completed within 2009.
The construction of Wujianfang, the integrated coal supply chain development project, is in good progress and is scheduled to commence commercial operation in 2011. The coal mine is expected to have a total of 30 million ton production capacity in 2011. The two railways connecting the coal mine in Wujianfang with Jinzhou Port are now under construction and expected to commence operation in 2011.
With the upsurge in coal price in 2008, the average standard coal cost and average unit fuel cost of our consolidated operational power plants reported an increase of 37.7% and 39.8% respectively against last year. The net generation standard coal consumption rate of our operational power plants was 340.5gkWh, compared to last year s 338.9gkWh.

The Board believes that maintaining effective communications with Shareholders is an important aspect of corporate governance and is also a building block to create value. In order to ensure that Shareholders are closely informed of our latest developments and Shareholders feedback can reach the management in a timely manner, we have been actively maintaining effective communications with Shareholders. With a view to deepen Shareholders understanding of our company, we have been actively participating in investment conferences and forums held by various investment banks and securities brokers, conducting road shows worldwide after the announcements of our interim and annual results. We also organize plant visits in order to provide opportunities for our Shareholders and analysts to understand more about our operations and our management team.
In 2008, we were awarded by the Institutional Investor Magazine as the Most Shareholder-Friendly Company in the Asian energy sector. CR Power, was ranked by Platts as one of the top 250 global enterprises for a consecutive second year, ranked 14th (2007:18th) in the independent power generation and energy trading industry sector worldwide; we were ranked the 4th (2007:4th) fastest growing energy enterprise in the world and the fastest (2007:1st) growing energy enterprise in Asia.

As a corporate citizen, our company always pays close attention to our social responsibility, including environmental protection, community development and participation in charities. All the power plants which were constructed and managed by CR Power have installed flue gas desulphurisation ( FGD ) facilities. As for the power plants under construction, we have already started the installation of denitration facilities; such movement transcends the environmental protection requirements set by the PRC Government and puts us in a leading position in the PRC power sector. In 2008, we were awarded as one of the Top Ten Green Enterprise by the 2008 China High-level Forum on Green Development held in Beijing. In addition, CR Power was awarded as The Most Innovative Enterprise in China 2008 and Mr. Wang Shuai Ting, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, was awarded as People of the Year for China Innovative Enterprise 2008 by the China Enterprise Innovation Forum .
Our Company and our subsidiary power plants have also been actively participating in social services, for example, natural disaster relief fund and tuition assistance for impoverished students in the forms of scholarships and grants. In May 2008, we sent a specialist medical team immediately after the 12 May Earthquake to help save the injured and made donations to Sichuan for the people suffered from the earthquake.

The year of 2009 is expected to be a year of recovery for the China power sector as coal prices came down substantially from its peak in the third quarter of 2008 and is expected to continue to fall in the year, albeit utilization hours and power demand is under downward pressure due to the weak macro-economic environment. We trust that 2009 will be a year for us to better equip ourselves to gear for a bigger growth in the years to come.
We will continue to expand our capacity by adding approximately 3GW per year and to reach 21GW of our total attributable capacity by the end of 2010, and the attributable capacity targets to add are either under construction or waiting for the final approval from the government. While we maintain our strategy of expansion in the future, we will continue to keep our financial position healthy and maintain a stable capital structure.
Coal-fired power plant will remain as our major focus. As at the end of 31 December 2008, coal-fired power plants accounted for 96% of our portfolio and the remaining is alternative energy mainly hydro and wind farm, and we expect to increase our total attributable capacity of alternative energy to 1,260MW, i.e. 6% of our total attributable capacity by the end of 2010. Apart from power assets acquisitions, we will continue to identify and develop new coal projects in our target markets, so as to secure our coal supply for power plants and have better control over the operating cost in our operations.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Directors, management team and staff members for their contributions and dedications to growing the Group. My gratitude also goes to our Shareholders for their continuous support.

