Chairman s Statement In 2013, CR Power continued to deepen its reform by adjusting and optimizing its industrial structure, vigorously facilitating refined management and synergies and improving the Company s ability to control costs, manage risks and make profit while adhering to its development philosophy of making progress while maintaining stability , closely focusing on the strategic planning of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan and its annual business plan, and centering around improving the quality of development and economic benefits. We managed to post record results of operation in such a complex operating environment - new breakthroughs had been made in respect of major indicators such as attributable net profit, operating cash flows and generation capacity.
2013 also marked the tenth anniversary of CR Power s listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. During the year, we were once again included in the Forbes Global 2000 and the Platts Top 250 Global Energy Companies lists for our excellent performance for the seventh consecutive year, and our rankings rose from 850th and 134th, respectively, in 2012 to 657th and 100th, respectively. We ranked 4th both globally and in Asia among all independent power producers and energy traders, and 18th among Yazhou Zhoukan s Top 100 Mainland Chinese Businesses on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In February 2014, we were again awarded by IAIR Corporate Awards as Best Company for Leadership in the Energy Sector of China, making us the only PRC energy enterprise receiving this award for two consecutive years.

CR Power recorded consolidated turnover of HK$69,582 million in 2013, representing an increase of 11.4% compared to HK$62,436 million in 2012. Net profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$11,016 million, representing an increase of 47.3% compared to approximately HK$7,479 million in 2012. Basic earnings per share amounted to HK$2.32, representing an increase of 46.5% compared to HK$1.59 in 2012. The Board has resolved to declare a final dividend of HK$0.67 per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.08 per share, the total dividends for the whole year is HK$0.75 per share, representing a dividend payout ratio of about 32.3%.
As at end of 2013, our attributable operational generation capacity amounted to 26,921MW, representing an increase of 6.5% over 25,271MW in 2012. Coal-fired generation units accounted for 88.0% of our total attributable generation capacity, while renewable and clean energy, including wind, hydro and gas-fired power, accounted for 12.0%, 4.2 percentage points higher as compared with 2012.
In 2013, CR Power s operating subsidiary and associate power plants recorded a gross generation volume of 133.25 billion kWh, representing an increase of 9.8% from 121.35 billion kWh in 2012, and a net generation volume of 125.45 billion kWh, representing an increase of 10.0% from 114.01 billion kWh in 2012.
(1) Coal-fired power business As at the end of 2013, our attributable coal-fired operating generation capacity was 23,692MW. In 2013, our 1,000MW ultra- supercritical coal-fired generation unit in Puqi, Hubei, was put into operation and three 200MW coal-fired generation units were shut down in Jinzhou, Liaoning during the year. In our pipeline, CR Power had a total attributable generation capacity under construction of approximately 7,340MW, including a total of four 1,000MW ultra-supercritical coal-fired generation units in Cangnan, Zhejiang and Haifeng, Guangdong (of which a generation unit in Cangnan, Zhejiang was successfully put into operation on 24 January 2014), two 660MW ultra-supercritical heat and power co-generation units in Jiaozuo, Henan, and a total of eight 350MW heat and power co-generation units in Yichang in Hubei Province, Panjin in Liaoning Province, Tangshan and Bohai in Hebei Province (of which one unit in Yichang, Hubei commenced operation on 5 March 2014). All these units are expected to commence operation in 2014 and 2015.
In 2013, our consolidated operating coal-fired power plants recorded a decrease of 15.1% and 16.3% in average standard coal cost and average unit fuel cost respectively compared with 2012. Although the national on-grid tariff for coal- fired power plants decreased in the fourth quarter of the year, our operating profit still achieved a considerable growth compared to last year. The decrease in fuel costs was mainly due to the fall in domestic coal prices, as well as our effective measures to enhance supplier management, optimize coal procurement sourcing, strengthen internal control over fuel management and facilitate technical upgrades to save energy.
The overall stable economy in China resulted in a flat growth in national power consumption in 2013. Our average full- load equivalent utilization hours for the 32 coal-fired generation units that were fully operational during the year was 5,747 hours, exceeding the national average level by 735 hours. This was mainly because most of our generation units are high-capacity efficient units possessing certain market advantages and are located in provinces with strong demand for electricity, and also because we continued to increase our power generation volume by obtaining and securing fuel supply or replacing small generation units with more efficient larger units for power generation.
(2) Coal-mining business The supply and demand dynamics of the coal market remained relatively balanced in 2013. Coal inventory among downstream industries remained high while coal prices remained low.
In 2013, CR Power s coal mines in Shanxi, Jiangsu, Henan and Hunan provinces produced a total of 14.62 million tonnes of raw coal, representing a decrease of 13.2% from 16.84 million tonnes in 2012. The decrease in coal production volume was mainly due to the combined effect of a weak coal market, the control of production volume, some of our major coal mines were undergoing infrastructural and technological upgrading and other factors such as regional logistics constraints at certain mine locations.
In 2013, affected by the coal market, our average coal sales price fell, which resulted in a decrease in its attributable net profit. Under these circumstances, we conducted a thorough review of CR Power s management and execution capabilities in the coal business to identify our deficiencies in fundamental management, professional capability, organizational capability and cultural construction. We have formulated corresponding measures, goals and action plans in these respects, to make ongoing progress and advancement to fulfill the expectations of the market and our shareholders in the future.
(3) Renewable energy business In 2013, we continued to increase our investment in renewable energy projects. Our attributable operational wind generation capacity reached 2,872MW, representing an increase of 77% (or 1,250MW) from 1,622MW in 2012. The increase largely came from the acquisition of wind projects from CRH in May 2013, and commissioning of our new wind farm projects located in Shandong, Inner Mongolia, Shanxi, Hubei, Guangdong, Heilongjiang, Jiangsu and Liaoning.
In 2013, the average full-load equivalent utilization hours for our wind farms was 2,248 hours, representing an increase of 152 hours as compared to 2,096 hours in 2012, exceeding the national average by 168 hours. The equipment utilization rate of wind farms was 98.9%, with significant increase in both gross generation volume and net generation volume over last year. This was mainly attributable to the distribution of our wind farms primarily in less power rationing areas such as Eastern China, Southern China and Northern China.
As at the end of 2013, CR Power obtained State approvals for wind generation capacity of 1,070MW, and had wind generation capacity of 827MW under construction. We signed wind power investment and development agreements with 24 provinces and autonomous regions in the PRC, with reserves of a total contracted capacity of 48,000MW.
FULFILLING OF SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES In 2013, bearing in mind our mission as a central enterprise, we continued to adopt the concept of scientific development by fulfilling our overall social responsibilities, incorporating social responsibilities into our strategic planning, operations and business development, devoting ourselves to continuously creating value for shareholders, staff and other stakeholders, in pursuit of harmonious and unified development with the national economy, environment and society.
We committed to ecological civilization and continued to optimize industrial structure, developed clean energy and recycling economic projects to improve energy utilization efficiency and clean power generation level. In 2013, our clean and renewable energy accounted for 12.0% of our total attributable operational generation capacity, representing an increase of 4.2 percentage points as compared to 7.8% as at the end of 2012. Meanwhile, we continued to invest in technical innovation projects of energy-conservation and emission-reduction, and strengthened the operations, maintenance and management of environmental facilities. As a result, waste water, waste gas and solid wastes were further reduced as compared to last year, thereby promoting the protection of ecological environment.
We committed to safety development and constantly advanced the construction of a management system integrating environmental protection, occupational health and production safety. In each of the business segments of coal-fired, coal- mining and renewable energy, development of safety assessment, production safety standardization, observation on safety actions and NOSA five-star management were carried out. The production safety accountability system was implemented at all levels by organizing activities such as training on safety, emergency drills for accidents, general inspection on production safety and specific safety inspection on outsourced projects, with a view to improve rules and regulations and contingency plans, standardizing safety actions and solidifying the safety foundation. Throughout the year, none of our subsidiaries encountered any major or serious production safety accidents, reflecting an overall stable condition of production safety of 
In 2013, business scale of the Company was further expanded with the number of staff increasing to 43,990 from 38,118 as at the end of 2012. We earnestly developed the China Resources culture of being strict to managers and being kind to staff , complied with the State laws and regulations, protected interests and rights of staff, emphasized on staff training, cared for career development and livelihood of staff, and constantly improved the salaries and benefits, performance management, and the mechanism of the four batches (a batch of managers to be promoted, retired, rotated or transferred respectively), so as to motivate the passion for work and living among employees, increase the sense of belonging and satisfaction among employees in pursuit of concurrent growth of staff and the Company.
CR Power grows under the support and power from the government and communities for which we have been grateful and in turn, we continued to try every means to give back to the society by fulfilling social responsibilities and realizing our pursuits beyond profits. In 2013, we donated RMB3 million under Hebei Provincial China Resources Education Fund for the seventh consecutive year to fund 1,000 impoverished university students and actively participated in a project called China Resources Hope Town . We donated to the earthquake and flood-affected areas such as Ya an of Sichuan and Heilongjiang, donated RMB50 million to support Tibet to solve power problems in the areas without electricity in response to the State government s call, actively participated in poverty alleviation, greening, environmental protection and construction of public facilities in the areas where our subsidiaries are located. We donated approximately RMB104 million for charitable purposes during the year.
In 2013, we prepared the third CR Power Sustainable Development Report with both Chinese and English versions, which comprehensively and objectively reported the concept, practice and performance of CR Power in the aspects of development, economic, environmental and social responsibilities. We took initiative in accepting supervision from domestic and foreign stakeholders and the communities. We strongly believed that this was of critical importance for the development and progress as well as the growing base of the Company. We were committed to the management and implementation of social responsibility, and thus established a regular working mechanism for social responsibility from the headquarters of CR Power to business divisions and to each of our subsidiaries. We incorporated social responsibility indicators such as energy conservation and emission reduction, technical innovation, security and stability, caring for employees, charity, environmental protection and culture building into the strategic plan and business plan of the Company to make these indicators decompose into performance contracts of each manager at different levels as part of their assessment. We will guide our member companies to cultivate relevant culture in respect of social responsibility by way of top-down management to enhance our ability of sustainable development.
Outlook for 2014 Based on forecasts, overall power demand in 2014 is expected to remain moderate, and the national power supply and demand will maintain a sound balance. Energy consumption in various industries will be further reduced, and power consumption growth rate in high energy-consuming industries will continue to decrease.
We will proactively adapt ourselves to new requirements arising from the economic reform of China by further deepening the internal reform of the enterprise, speeding up the adjustment of industrial structure, making innovations in respect of the operating development model and enhancing organizational capability and core competitiveness to promote CR Power to realize valuable growth and sustainable development.
We will control the direction, intensity and frequency of investments under the national strategies of preventing air pollution and adjusting energy structure, by strictly selecting those investment projects which, in our opinion, have high competitiveness and can bring value to shareholders in the future. We will continue to focus on the organic growth of the company and will comprehensively, systemically and deeply promote lean management and standard management in respect of the three divisions, i.e. thermal power, coal-mining and renewable energy. In this regard, we will continue to improve and optimize various productive, technical and economic indicators, enhance the overall operational efficiency and management level of the Company and cultivate lean atmosphere and culture with involvement and continuous improvement to foster and strengthen our competitive advantages in the market and effectively respond to various crisis and challenges under internal and external environments.
Since 2013, the domestic market demand for coal has been diminishing with imports increasing significantly. Combined with sufficient coal supplied domestically, over-capacity and over-supply situation will continue to put pressure on coal prices. In 2014, we will focus on our existing coal mines located in Shanxi province to facilitate the infrastructure formation, technical improvement and inspection works. We will take initiative in exploring stable and reliable sales channels to facilitate the construction of logistics system for coal sales.
The increasingly severe hazy weather in China has aroused concerns from all citizens and around the world, and thus the Chinese government has adopted a number of more stringent environmental standards, systems and measures. In 2014, we will insist on the concept of Green Development , and will continue to speed up the upgrading of desulfurization, denitration and dust removal equipments for our coal-fired power plants and actively perform social responsibilities in respect of energy conservation and emission reduction while seeking to obtain green electricity price subsidies. Moreover, we will increase investments in clean and renewable energy projects with focus on the construction of wind power projects, and will accelerate the research and development of distributed energy projects in respect of natural gas and explore the development of various of business models, such as coal-electricity integration, circular economy parks, wind and solar hybrid power system, wind and water hybrid power system and bundled wind and coal-fired power system, to continue optimizing segmental structure and enhance market competitiveness.
In 2013, CR Power achieved outstanding performance. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our dedicated management team and all the members of the Board, and also extend my sincere gratitude to all the diligent and devoted staff of CR Power on all fronts for their valuable contribution made to the development of CR Power in the past 
In 2014, we will adhere to the development ideas of making progress while maintaining stability by reforms and innovations and will face our new tasks, challenges and opportunities with strong belief and confidence in our strategies, organization and culture. We will continue to focus on organizational reform and management enhancement, strive for the improvement in the quality and efficiency of development, and thus deliver good results to all shareholders and stakeholders. Furthermore, we will proceed with our new journey for green development together to realize our common glories and dreams.

Board of Directors Hong Kong, 17 March 2014 
