Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board, I present the annual results of CR Power (the Company ) (together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2015.
In 2015, facing a slowdown in China s economy, CR Power continued to adhere to its development philosophy of making progress while maintaining stability . The Group closely focused on its strategies complementing the Twelfth Five-Year Plan , its annual business plan and on the improvement of development quality and economic benefits, and continuously optimised its business structure and further improved operational management and risk 
During the year, we were once again included in the Forbes Global 2000 and the Platts Top 250 Global Energy Companies lists for our excellent performance for the ninth consecutive year, ranking 646th and 75th, respectively. We ranked 3rd both globally and in the Asia-Pacific region among all independent power producers and energy traders. It was the first time that the Company was listed among the top 20 energy enterprises in the Asia- Pacific region. In December, we were rated as one of the top 20 Hang Seng Index enterprises in the Hong Kong Business Sustainability Index (HKBSI).

As at the end of 2015, equity attributable to owners of the Company and total assets of the Group amounted to HK$70,918 million and HK$208,086 million, respectively.
Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$10,025 million, representing an increase of HK$810 million or 8.8% compared to approximately HK$9,215 million in 2014. Excluding impairment losses incurred, underlying Net Profit was approximately HK$14,058 million.
Basic earnings per share amounted to HK$2.10, representing an increase of 8.2% compared to HK$1.94 in 2014.
The Board has resolved to recommend a final dividend of HK$0.75 per share, together with the interim dividend of HK$0.1 per share paid in November 2015, total dividends paid and proposed to be paid in 2015 is HK$0.85 per share.
As at the end of 2015, our attributable operational generation capacity of power plants amounted to 34,731 MW, representing an increase of about 10.9% over 31,331 MW as at the end of 2014; subsidiary power plants recorded a total gross generation volume of 151,278,105 MWh, increased by 8.0% over the same period last year, and a total net generation volume of 142,906,824 MWh, representing an increase of 8.2% over the same period 
(1) Coal-fired power business As at the end of 2015, our attributable coal-fired operating generation capacity was 30,120 MW, accounting for approximately 86.7% of our total attributable generation capacity and representing a decrease of 0.8 percentage point as compared to that as at the end of 2014. We continued to expand our capacity by adding efficient units and disposing of inefficient units.
During the year, five large, highly efficient coal-fired generation units were put into operation, resulting in an increase in the total attributable operating generation capacity of 3,360 MW while three small units of total attributable generation capacity of 440 MW were shut down.
Due to a slowdown in power consumption, rapid growth in hydropower generation and other factors, the average utilisation hours for coal-fired generation units in China decreased by 410 hours or 8.7% year on year. Our subsidiary coal-fired generation units, which were fully operational during the year, had 4,989 hours of average full-load equivalent utilisation hours, exceeding the national average by 660 hours. This was because most of our subsidiary power plants comprise of highly efficient large generation units, and are mainly located in areas with relatively strong demand for electricity, thus having certain market advantages.
(2) Renewable energy 
We continued to increase our investment in renewable energy projects and promote renewable development. In 2015, our approved wind power capacity and filed photovoltaic power capacity amounted to 2,920 MW and 280 MW, respectively.
As at the end of 2015, our attributable operational generation capacity in wind power, gas, hydropower and photovoltaic power totalled 4,611 MW, accounting for approximately 13.3% of our total attributable operational generation capacity and representing an increase of 0.8 percentage point versus the end of 2014. Our wind power generation capacity and photovoltaic power generation capacity under construction was 1,415 MW and 130 MW, respectively.
Our wind farms are mainly located in eastern, central and southern China, regions with less curtailment issues. The average full-load equivalent utilisation hours of our wind farms which were operational for the whole year was 1,988 hours, exceeding the national average by 260 hours.
(3) Coal-mining business In 2015, our subsidiary and associate coal mines produced a total of 13.90 million tonnes of coal, representing an increase of 19.3% from 2014, of which 12.02 million and 1.88 million tonnes were produced by our subsidiary coal mines and associate coal mines, respectively.
Due to the slowdown in China s economic growth, in particular the manufacturing sector, as well as the economic transition and industrial restructuring in the country, coal prices continued to drop. In response, we adopted a one-mine, one policy on our subsidiary coal mines. In 2015, we shut down four mines that had low production levels and four mines had ceased operation, which reduced our production capacity by approximately 0.48 million tonnes. At the same time, we further strengthened the production and cost management of our coal mines.

We have been striving to create value for shareholders. In 2015, in face of the complex and changing economic and market conditions, we persisted with the principle of Development with Integrity to adapt to the new economic trend. Adhering to core elements of business development of centering around the 5M strategic objectives i.e., more solid, much stronger, much larger, much better and more sustainable , we operated our business in compliance with laws and in good faith. We strengthened and optimised the risk management system and established an effective and efficient operation system. By implementing lean management, benchmarking management and synergistic strategies in all business sectors, we enhanced the general management and operational efficiency and resulted in historical high major financial indicators of revenue, operating cash flows and net generation coal consumption rate in 2015, complementing the sustainable growth of the Company.
We are committed to conservation of resources and protecting the environment. During the Twelfth Five- Year Plan, in line with the energy and environmental protection strategies of the Chinese government, efforts were made on energy-saving and environmental protection and we promoted the development of clean energy projects. As at the end of 2015, all coal-fired units have been installed with desulfurisation, denitration and fine particles removal facilities. Twenty five operating coal-fired units with total attributable generation capacity of 10,418 MW have been equipped with ultra-low emission facilities, resulting in significant improvement in energy consumption and emission control. In 2015, the net generation standard coal consumption rate for subsidiary power plants was 307.0 gkWh, a decrease of 3.55 gkWh as compared with 2014.
The emission of nitrogen oxide, sulphur dioxide and fine particles decreased by 0.24 gkWh, 0.12 gkWh and 0.03 g kWh, respectively as compared with 2014. Comparing with the end of 2010, our net generation standard coal consumption rate decreased by 22.72 gkWh and the total emission of nitrogen oxide, sulphur dioxide and fine particles decreased by 76%, 60% and 87%, respectively in the past five years. The percentage of generation capacity installed with ultra-low emission technology was 40%, significantly higher than the industry average of 15%.
We are committed to developing into a company with an intrinsic safety system. 2015 marks the year that CR Power enhanced its EHS system (E: environmental protection, energy-saving and emission reduction; H: occupational health; S: production safety). Adhering to the people-oriented principle, we continued to improve the working environment and equipment reliability, promoted safety awareness and enhanced the capability of all employees by optimizing the EHS system, supervision system, accountability system and contingency system at all levels of the Group. We also conducted EHS risk assessments, established EHS model bases, carried out safety practice surveillance, standardised operational indicators, implemented a NOSA Five- Star management system and conducted safety inspections and trainings in order to ensure work safety. In 2015, the Company had invested RMB480 million on production safety and maintained a stable and safe environment with no record of significant safety incidents throughout the year.
We are committed to the common development of employees and the Company. By establishing effective systems, we protect the legal rights and interests of our employees to ensure their safety and health. We also organised trainings for employees to facilitate their career development.
In order to promote the work-life balance of the employees, we created a competitive, yet united and pleasant working environment to encourage improvement and personal value to enhance the employees sense of belonging. As at the end of 2015, there were 39,728 employees in the Group.
Adhering to our long standing principle of contributing to the society, we insist on contributing to the society as much as possible. Our donations in relation to poverty relief, disaster relief, education and local economic development in 2015 was approximately RMB11.82 
While fulfilling our social responsibilities, we also placed a high degree of importance on communication and mutual-trust with stakeholders. In 2015, to further enhance the understanding of the society and stakeholders of CR Power, we enhanced communication with different parties through meetings, reports, websites and emails.
Furthermore, we organised media visits of Understanding the Green Development of CR Power ( p2do R,aS}r|vU ) and held a press conference for our social responsibility report and organised various Corporate Open-Day, inviting members from the media, NGOs, students from universities, secondary schools and primary schools, residents from where our branches and operations are located and fund managers and research analysts to visit our plants to understand our work and effectiveness in environmental protection and social responsibility. We organised more than 60 Open Days, by different subsidiaries of the Group during the year. Our effort was widely recognized by the society. During the year, the Company was recognized as a Five-star Corporate according to China Social Responsibility Development Index (-N W>ygN|vUcxe Nf} Omi), one of the top 20 constituent companies of the Hang Seng Index in the Hong Kong Business Sustainability 
20[Omi) and was honoured several awards, including the Excellent Practice of Corporate Social Responsibility Award in China (-N WOmi>ygNi*Qy[ Ns) by CBN (,{N}) and Hong Kong Green Corporate Award (n}rtO 
OUTLOOK ON 2016 Electricity demand in China for 2016 is expected to grow at a slow pace. The market is increasingly competitive. The oversupply situation in the coal market is expected to continue due to excessive production capacity and coal price is expected to remain low. However, the promotion of renewable energy businesses, reform of the power industry and the implementation of the One- Belt, One-Road Strategy by the Chinese government will bring opportunities to the development of power producers.
In 2016, we will pursue the Thirteenth Five-Year development plan of the Company and optimise our business structure. We will develop high quality thermal power projects in a prudent manner by selecting projects with high potential. Based on the principles of proper geographical distribution of production bases and the balance of efficiency and scale, we will actively invest in wind power and photovoltaic power and will accelerate the development of hydroelectric power and distributed energy so as to increase the proportion of renewable energy in our business mix. We will adjust coal production by adopting the one-mine, one-policy to eliminate the mines with low production and improve the production of remaining mines. We will also seek opportunities to operate in the power retail business as potential new streams for profit growth for CR Power.
CR Power s future business development will emphasize on innovation, coordination, green, open and sharing.
We will pursue the development of quality businesses through reform and restructuring by focusing on clean and low carbon energy businesses. With an aim to strengthen our capability and efficiency and enhance our competitiveness, we will continue to develop the market, reduce costs, prevent risks and implement lean management and benchmarking management. Upholding the idea of reforms and innovation, we will enhance our productivity to stimulate our development vitality. We will also focus on low carbon development and comprehensively promote ultra-low emission. In 2016, we intend to invest RMB1.17 billion to upgrade 20 coal-fired units for further reduction of emission of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and fine 
Strong results and a bright future ahead still requires a strong arm to steer the wheel into the right direction.
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, partners and the community for their care and support. 2016 is the start of the 13th Five-Year Plan and an important year for CR Power to implement strategic plans for sustainable development.
This year, CR Power will work hand- in-hand with all stakeholders to push for a green future so as to develop itself into an outstanding international energy company aiming at sustainable 
