Chairman s Statement 
CR Power reported a consolidated turnover of HK$ 33.2 billion in 2009, representing an increase of 24.1% compared to last year.
Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was HK$5,317 million representing an increase of 209.6% compared with HK$1,717 million of last year.
Basic earnings per share was HK$1.19, representing an increase of 190.2% compared with HK0.41 of last year.
The Board has recommended a final dividend of HK$0.32 per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.06 per share paid on 5 October 2009, the total dividend for the full year is HK$0.38 per share, representing a dividend payout ratio 
After the sharp rise in coal price which resulted in unprecedented challenges for the power sector in China in 2008, 2009 was also an unusual year for the Chinese economic development and the power sector in China. At the beginning of the year, a negative growth was recorded in national power consumption year on year due to a slow down in national economic growth.
National power consumption picked up in 2009 month by month along with economic recovery and development resulting from the adjustments of the national macro-economic policies and the decisive implementation of a series of economic stimulus measures. National power consumption reversed its negative growth trend in July and finally recorded a growth of approximately 6.7% for the full 
In early 2009, there was a pessimistic view on our power generation and utilization hours for the full year, as many of our power plants are located in coastal areas in China.
It was believed that CR Power would be negatively affected to a greater extent due to a significant decrease in exports.
However, the net generation volume of the 32 consolidated operating power plants of CR Power in 2009 recorded an increase of 16.2%, a growth rate above the national average, from 64,740,110MWh in 2008 to 75,248,994MWh in 2009. The average utilization hours of our 22 comparable coal- fired power plants in operation for the whole year in 2008 and 2009 increased from 5,560 hours in last year to 5,750 hours, representing a growth of 3.4%, and was higher than the national average utilization hours of coal-fired power plants of 4,839 hours by 911 hours. Our results in a year when Chinese economic growth slowed down reflected that our business strategy which requires us to construct power plants in the more economically developed regions in China such as Eastern China, Southern China, Northern China, in particular, the Beijing-Tianjin-Tangshan region, and some regions in Central China with more rapid economic growth is appropriate as these regions showed greater resilience as the leading provinces and regions in terms of Chinese economic growth. On the other hand, they also illustrated the management capability of CR Power and the efforts made by the management team. Our management system was always able to mobilize our management team and the staff to make every effort to create value for the shareholders irrespective of the changes of the external environment.

In June 2009, CR Power became a constituent of the Hang Seng Index in Hong Kong as the fourth blue chip public utility and the only Chinese power company included in the Hang Seng Index constituents. In the same year, we were ranked by Forbes Magazine as one of the Forbes Global 2000 listed enterprises again with a ranking of 1147th for overall position, much higher than the 1598th position in 2008. In terms of profit, assets and market capitalization, we were ranked the 1113th, 1576th and 578th, respectively. In addition, CR Power was ranked by Platts as one of the top 250 global energy enterprises for a consecutive third year, given our excellent return on investment and results, with a ranking of 54th energy company in Asia. We were also ranked the 5th fastest growing energy enterprise in the world, and the fastest growing energy enterprise in Asia again, with an outstanding compound turnover growth rate for three years of 
At the end of 2009, the total number of consolidated operating power plants of CR Power increased to 32 from 22 of last year.
The attributable operational generation capacity of the Company increased to 17,753MW at the end of 2009 from 12,981MW at the end of 2008, representing a growth of 4,772MW. The coal-fired generation units of the Company which commenced operation in 2009 included two 300MW coal-fired generation units at Lianyuan Power Plant, two 300MW heat and power co-generation units of Caofeidian Power Plant, two 300MW heat and power co-generation units of Dengkou Power Plant and two 300MW heat and power co- generation units of Nansha Power Plant in Guangzhou. The Company completed the acquisition of China Resources Power (Jiangsu) Investment Company Limited in August 2009 with an addition to the attributable operational generation capacity of 2,043MW. In addition, the new attributable wind power capacity commissioned in 2009 was 199MW, mainly situated in the coastal areas of Guangdong and Shandong.
In 2009, the average standard coal cost and the average unit fuel cost of our consolidated operating power plants decreased by 12.3% and 12.9%, respectively compared to last year. The net generation standard coal consumption rate of our consolidated operating plants was 337.8g kWh, decreased by 2.7gkWh from 340.5g kWh of last year. The average standard coal cost decreased partially due to the changes in the external market environment. Coal price in China peaked in the summer of 2008 and then saw a steep decrease from the peak level as the economic growth slowed down. On the other hand, despite power producers and coal suppliers were engaged in lengthy negotiations, contract coal price still increased from the level recorded at the beginning of 2008 and also fluctuated during the year due to seasonal and climatic changes. However, the management team of CR Power made every effort for coal procurement in order to control the most important cost in our day-to-day operations. In addition to the lengthy negotiations with the coal suppliers, we also entered into strategic cooperation agreements, normally for a term of 5 years, with the major coal suppliers in China, including China Shenhua Energy Company Limited-N Wyn N gPlQS , China Coal Energy Company Limited-N W-NdqnN g PlQS , Datong Coal Mine Group Company Limited'Y Tdq&yW gPlQ S , Inner Mongolia Yitai Group Co.,Ltd.

OlW gPlQS , Shaanxi Coal Selling and Transportation Corporation ]wdqpKW gPlQS and other coal suppliers, whereby volume of coal to be purchased each year in the five - year period and the maximum increase and decrease in coal price were specified to ensure that the contracted parties are protected with a coal price ceiling and floor when the external market was subject to material fluctuations. For coal consumption rate reduction, in addition to reducing our average coal consumption rate through the construction of large-scale efficient coal- fired power plants or efficient heat and power co-generation power plants, we also further reduced the coal consumption rate by improving management efficiency through measures such as technological upgrade and enhancement in the stability of generation units.
With a view to building up and consolidating the core competitiveness of CR Power, we continuously focused on three activities of the value chain - power plant construction, fuel production and supply, and power plant operation to establish our long term advantage of low costs, with more progress achieved in 2009.
We conducted a pilot project in Hunan in 2009 by centralizing the management of our three power plants in Hunan, including Liyujiang Phase II, Liyujiang B Power Plant and Lianyuan Power Plant. We established a pilot branch company management model for regional management to establish our synergies in terms of fuel procurement, generation volume marketing, financial management and human resources management, thus further enhancing our operational efficiency and reducing our costs. In addition, we also established the second pilot regional branch company management model for our five power plants in Henan.
In addition, we continuously built up the core competitiveness of CR Power and our long term advantage of low costs by pursuing our business strategy of moving upstream, in order to control coal resources to secure long term fuel supply for CR Power, reduce fuel costs and increase our profitability. CR Power actively participated in coal resources consolidations in Shanxi in 2009. Shanxi China Resources Liansheng Energy Investment Co., Ltd. was set up with our joint venture partners in Shanxi to invest and consolidate the coal resources in Lliang District, including Xing County, Zhongyang County, Shilou County, Lin County and Jiaokou County and it achieved initial success. Successful participation in local coal resources consolidations in Shanxi represented our first step in the long term development of the coal business. Every beginning is difficult. The foregoing step forward was significant for our continuous participation in coal resources consolidations in various areas in Shanxi in the future to acquire new coal resources, enlarge the resources under our control and expand our management team in the coal 
In addition to making every effort to create value for the shareholders, CR Power takes the initiative in pursuit of the commitment to fulfill our corporate social responsibilities, besides profit, in accordance with the philosophy of be thankful to the community, fulfill social responsibility and become an outstanding corporate citizen .
We create investment value for the shareholders through above industry average profitability and satisfactory performance in the capital markets. We provide the staff a safe, healthy, joyful and happy working environment through a good organizational culture, ever improving human resources policies and career development opportunities, and continuously create life value for them. We also provide our customers safe, stable, reliable and quality energy supply such as electricity, coal and thermal energy through outstanding operation and create customer value to their satisfaction. We put the philosophy of energy saving and emission reduction into effect through strategic optimization, management innovation and technological innovation in the whole workflow including industry development, site selection, construction design, equipment selection, construction and installation and production and operation, thus cherishing the environment and resources shared by the mankind. We also express great compassion for the impoverished regions and people through participation in the construction of China Resources Hope Town, sponsoring Youth Business China, relieving the people in disaster stricken areas, provides donation and study grant and organizing volunteer activities, thus caring for the communities we live in.
As a power generator, we are especially concerned for environmental protection and actively fulfill our responsibility for environmental protection. We have made more investment in the clean energy sector.
We have actively invested in wind farms in China and sought for appropriate hydro investment opportunities. We have also participated in the development of nuclear power projects and have set up a new energy company specializing in the development and construction of nuclear power plants and renewable energy projects under CR Power. For our coal-fired power generation business, all of our power plants have installed flue gas desulphurization ( FGD ) facilities and three of our power plants have installed denitration facilities. In addition, all of our power plants have installed waste water treatment facilities and high efficiency dust extraction facilities to strengthen the comprehensive use of water resources and reduce the waste water and dust pollution 
For our future development, we acknowledge our corporate mission and will sustain a sound and stable operation with integrity and actively participate in promoting harmonious community relations. At a new starting point, we will make satisfactory returns to the shareholders, serve the society and contribute to the community with more 
We consistently pursue quality growth in business and profit. It is expected that by the end of 2010, our attributable operational generation capacity will further grow, in which the clean energy sector will account for a larger proportion. In 2010, we plan to construct a number of new large scale, high efficiency coal-fired power plants in our target markets. It is expected that their construction and, in turn, operation will contribute to a continuous profit growth and create value for the shareholders. For the clean energy sector, we will actively develop the wind power projects. It is expected that the wind power generation capacity of the Company will grow each year in the coming years. The preliminary works of our hydro projects are also being actively carried out. In addition, we will invest in other new clean energy projects, including solar energy projects, in due course to explore the various ways of developing the clean energy business on a 
In addition to construction of new power generation projects, we also actively reserve development resources for the future, including the coal-fired power plants and clean energy projects, of which wind power and hydro power projects are our focus, meeting our strategic requirements to ensure our long term sustainable 
We will continuously and actively expand into the upstream business for maintaining our long term core competitiveness and value creation. There has been considerable progress in coal resources consolidations in Shanxi. However, some projects remain to be merged and consolidated. We will still seize the opportunities by seeking for coal resources acquisition opportunities in Shanxi subject to our development strategy and technical examination. For the projects which we have already acquired and the coal acquisition projects which we plan to complete, we will make every effort to resume their safe production as soon as possible to create more value and generate returns for CR Power. In addition, we will also continue to identify, acquire and develop new coal projects in other target markets to ensure the coal supply for our power plants and better control of our operating costs.
Among the key factors in the future sustainable development of CR Power, our organization and team spirit are more important, besides the trust of the shareholders, good opportunities and clear strategy. We will focus on fostering our vigorous and organic momentum to actively carry out management and control reform forward and continuously develop and enhance the excellent leadership and outstanding execution capability of our management team, thus making every effort to lead CR Power to reach a new peak in response to the challenges from the market and itself.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Directors, management team and staff members for their contributions and dedications to growing CR Power. My gratitude also goes to our shareholders for their continuous trust and support.

