CHAIRMAN S REPORT 
I am pleased to submit to you the annual report of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2012 for your review.
In 2012, global economic recovery was slow and the growth rate of China s economy has slowed down.
The growth rate in demand in the oil and petrochemical market has decreased. In the face of the complicated and harsh economic environment both domestically and abroad, the Group focused on the quality and efficiency of its growth and strenuously endeavoured to transform the mode of its development. Emphasis was placed on developing the principal business of oil and gas operations and maintaining high growth in oil and gas reserves. Meanwhile, the Group further optimised the strategic layout of refining and petrochemical operations and continued to improve the marketing structuring for oil products. Construction of major pipeline networks was accelerated and rigorous efforts were made to develop international operations. The Group achieved relatively fast growth in production and its capability for withstanding risk and sustainable development continued to strengthen. In accordance with IFRS, for 2012, the Group achieved a turnover of RMB2,195,296 million, representing an increase of 9.6% as compared with last year. The profit attributable to owners of the Company in 2012 was RMB115,326 million, representing a decrease of 13.3% as compared with last year. This was primarily due to the combined impact of the increase in the volume of imported natural gas, the inverse relationship between the selling price and the cost of imported natural gas, as well as the macro regulation and control over the prices of domestic refined products.

In 2013, the world economy is expected to recover, albeit at a moderate rate. Demand for energy will continue to grow. The Chinese government will continue to strengthen macro economic control and to implement active fiscal policies and prudent currency policies in order to maintain healthy economic growth and development. The Group will, through raising development quality and focusing on efficiency, continue to pursue the multi-pronged strategy on resources, market and internationalisation. The Group will place emphasis on the development of oil and gas as the principal activities, strategic development and core competence in a bid to maintain a steady and rapid growth of its production and operation.
In respect of exploration and production, the Group will continue with its intensive efforts in the Peak Growth in Oil and Gas Reserves Program. In doing so, the Group will mainly focus on the seven major basins, conventional oil and gas, as well as independent prospecting. Venture exploration in new oilfields will be strengthened and exploration for tight oil and gas will be actively pursued. The aim is to strengthen the reserve base for sustainable development. In addition, with increasing the reserve utilisation rate, the ultimate recovery rate and the daily production of individual wells in mind, the Group will continue to transform its approach to development and to enhance its technology and standard of development. The Group will remain focused on natural gas as its strategic growth project by stepping up the development of key gas fields whilst steadily pursuing the development of non-conventional natural gas such as tight gas, coal seam gas and shale gas. The Group will seek to achieve an oil and natural gas equivalent output target of 1,387.8 million barrels for 2013.
In respect of refining and chemicals, the Group will single out market orientation and efficiency as guiding principles. On the one hand, the Group will maintain safe and stable operation of refining production, optimise regional resources allocation and processing loads and carry on the efforts in structural adjustment of installations and product quality upgrade. On the other hand, the Group will vigorously develop new products, increase the production of high-quality and value-added products, as well as enhance profitability and market 
In respect of marketing, the Group will take full advantage of the benefits of market synergies by innovating and enhancing its approach to marketing. The Group will place emphasis on the development of high-margin markets and sales to end users, as well as continuous enhancement in the quality and efficiency of marketing.
The Group will optimise its distribution networks and strengthen the construction of service stations and key storage facilities as part of its ongoing efforts to raise its preparedness for the dynamic market. The Group will continue with its orderly and effective development of fuel oil, lubricants and service station convenient store business to constantly broaden its operations and to increase profitability.
In respect of natural gas and pipeline, the Group will attach great importance to the overall balance and optimal allocation of natural gas resources and development of central and high-margin markets. The Group will strengthen the development of storage and transportation facilities to maximise its overall advantage and to increase the profitability of natural gas sales. The Group will accelerate the construction of key oil and gas pipelines projects with strategic importance, and will strive to complete both the west section of the Third West- East Gas Pipeline and the south section of the Zhongwei-Guiyang Gas Pipeline as a basis for development of natural gas markets.
In respect of international operations, the Group will speed up the development of the five overseas oil and gas cooperation zones whilst continuing to pursue the integration of exploration and development, which will enable the Group to tap the exploration potential of existing projects and to expand its development of large- scale projects in key regions. By doing so, the Group will actively develop natural gas, non-conventional and deep-sea exploration and development so as to ensure a rapid increase in oil and gas production. The Group will accelerate the construction of pipelines with strategic importance and international oil and gas operating hubs and will improve its trade system and diversify its trade approaches in a sustained effort to increase its say and influence on the international market. At the same time, the Group will speed up internationalisation of its operations through more intensive strategic cooperation with host countries of resources and cooperation partners. By constant optimisation of its overseas projects portfolio and business structure, the Group aims to enhance its capability of optimising world-wide resources allocation.

