CHAIRMAN S REPORT Zhou Jiping Chairman 
I am pleased to submit to you the annual report of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013 for your review.
In 2013, in the face of the complicated domestic and international economic environment, the Group fully implemented the guidelines of quality, profitability and sustainable development, made overall plan for resources and markets both in the PRC and abroad, focused on developing its principal business of oil and gas operations, and made great efforts to strengthen safety and environmental protection. As a result, the Group achieved steady and positive development in its production and operation and recorded operating results that were better than expected. In accordance with IFRS, for 2013, the Group achieved a turnover of RMB2,258,124 million, representing an increase of 2.9% as compared with last year. The profit attributable to owners of the Company in 2013 was RMB129,599 million, representing an increase of 12.4% as compared with last year.

In 2014, global economy is expected to continue to recover, albeit at a low speed. External demand is expected to remain stable. As the fundamentals of China s economy remain favourable for long-term growth, inelastic demand for oil and gas in China is expected to maintain its rapid growth. The Group will continue to reinforce the implementation of its three strategies, namely, resources, market and internationalisation, adhere to its guideline of quality, profitability and sustainable development, place emphasis on the development of its principal business of oil and gas, and strengthen the innovation momentum in an effort to maintain a steady and positive growth of its production and operation.
In respect of exploration and production, the Group will continue to prioritise its strategy of resources and focus on the seven major basins, emphasise venture exploration in key areas, pursue the exploration of tight oil and strive to achieve findings of considerable scale in exploration and the succession of new strategies. The Group will organise its oil and gas development in a scientific manner, speed up the construction of key production capacity projects, expand the scale of the mature oilfields secondary development, pay close attention to the promotion of the industrialisation of significant development experiments, further the development of tight oil reservoir and continue to enhance its development.
In respect of refining and chemicals, the Group will adhere to the principle of moderate scale, appropriate product lines and suitable timing of construction. The Group will focus on optimising its geographical layout and resource allocation, the process routing and products structure, as well as the operation of facilities and the coordination between production and marketing. The Group will organise refining production in a safe, stable and flexible manner while steadily carry on the construction of key refining works, complete the construction and commence the operation of Guangxi Petrochemical s sulphur-bearing oil ancillary projects and complete the diesel oil product quality upgrade project.
In respect of marketing, the Group will pay close attention to the emerging features of the market, strengthen the organisation of marketing, innovate business models, streamline management levels, build brand images and continuously enhance its profitability and market competitiveness. The Group will continue to strengthen market research, optimise resources allocation and logistics manoeuvring, fully utilise its resource advantages, maintain reasonable inventory level and promote the maximisation in its overall profitability. The Group will further optimise and improve its distribution networks and strengthen the focus on the development of regions with regional advantage and high profitability, enhance its marketing capacity and improve its marketing quality.
In respect of natural gas and pipeline, the Group will optimise user structure, strengthen the dispatching operation of its pipeline network, place emphasis on such high-profitability markets as the Yangtze River Delta, the Pearl River Delta, the Bohai Sea Region and Sichuan and Chongqing, carry on the market promotion of newly-built pipelines and the commencement of operation for new users in a sensible manner, and strive to enhance its ability to respond to the market. The Group will strengthen the operation and management of in-use gas storage reservoir and the construction and commencement of operation of new gas storage reservoir, and improve their capacity in peak shaving and emergency support. The Group will organise the construction of key pipelines in an elaborate manner and in an effort to achieve the smooth introduction of imported gas and the stable transmission of domestic resources.
In respect of international operations, the Group will further promote the construction of the five major overseas oil and gas cooperation zones, the four major strategic oil and gas channels and three major oil and gas operating hubs and realise a scale and quality development. The Group will emphasise the exploration and development of key projects, speed up the implementation of newly-signed projects and ensure a relatively rapid growth of its reserve and production. The Group will optimise the distribution of its international trading resource channels and international marketing network, and enhance its capacity of optimal allocation of resources and internationalised operation level.

