chaIrman S report 
I am pleased to submit to you the annual report of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2011 for your review.
In the face of the complex and changing macro-economic environment of 2011, the Group maintained steady production and operation and accelerated the transformation of the mode of its development. The domestic operations of the Group developed comprehensively whilst its overseas strategy achieved notable results. The Group s value increased steadily, with a turnover of RMB2,003,843 million, representing an increase of 36.7% as compared with last year. However, due to the macro regulation and control over the prices of domestic refined products, the inverse relationship between the selling price of imported natural gas whose import price was higher than selling price, as well as the substantial increase in taxes and levies, the Group realised RMB132,961 million of profit attributable to owners of the Company in 2011, representing a decrease of 5.0% as compared with last year.
In accordance with CAS, for 2011, profit before taxation of the Group was RMB184,276 million, representing a decrease of 2.6% as compared with last year. Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB132,984 million, representing a decrease of 4.9% as compared with last year. Basic earnings per share were RMB0.73. In accordance with IFRS, profit before income tax expense of the Group was RMB184,215 million for 2011, representing a decrease of 2.7% as compared with last year. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was RMB132,961 million, representing a decrease of 5.0% as compared with last year. Basic earnings per share were RMB0.73, representing a decrease of RMB0. 03 as compared with last year.
The Board of Directors has recommended to pay a final dividend of RMB0.16462 per share for 2011 (inclusive of applicable tax). Together with the interim dividend of RMB0.16229 per share (inclusive of applicable tax), the total dividend for 2011 will be RMB0.32691 per share (inclusive of applicable tax). The final dividend for 2011 will be subject to shareholders review and approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting to be held on May 23, 2012.

The recovery of the world economy is growing more uncertain in 2012. International energy supply will remain tight in the long term amidst increasingly intense competition for energy resources. It is expected that the Chinese economy will maintain its steady course of development for a relatively long period and the demand for oil and gas will continue to grow. The Chinese government will continue to implement active fiscal policies and prudent currency policies. It will also optimise the energy structure, promote energy conservation and emission reduction as well as encourage the clean use of conventional energy resources. The Chinese government can be expected to speed up the streamlining of the pricing structure of energy resources. All these moves will create a favourable environment to the development of the Group s business. In 2012, the Group will strengthen its research into and analysis of international and geopolitical issues as well as the economic trend, taxation and fiscal policies in China. The aim is to maintain a steady and rapid growth of the Group s production and operation and to ensure its ongoing strategic development on resource, market and internationalisation.
In respect of exploration and production, the Group will continue with the Peak Growth in Oil and Gas Reserves Program. In doing so, the Group will focus on large basins, key regions and new oilfields. On the other hand, the Group will strengthen venture exploration, pre-exploration and meticulous exploration in existing oilfields. The Group will also deepen its comprehensive geological studies and will continue to consolidate its dominance in China in upstream operations. Meanwhile, the Group will devise scientific production operation plans for oil and gas fields. The Group will focus on building up production capacity in key areas. It will promote the application of new technologies, including horizontal well and cluster well techniques. The Group will continue to promote fine water-injection in oilfields in order to lower the natural declining rate. The Group will actively explore and improve the techniques for the exploration and development of coal seam gas and shale gas so as to promote the development of non-conventional natural gas business. The oil and natural gas equivalent output target of the Group is 1,321 million barrels for 2012.
In respect of refining and chemicals, the Group will maintain steady production. Maintenance and repair works will be arranged systematically to ensure the operating safety and consistency of refining equipment. The Group will also enhance and optimise resource allocation and will timely adjust product structure and output in accordance with market demand, thereby increasing product profitability and risk resistance ability. The Group will further strategically adjust the structure of its refining operations in order to fully realise the potential of the integration of refining and chemicals as well as to maximise the overall efficiency.
In respect of the sale of refined products, the Group will firmly be market-oriented, with a focus on customers and efficiency. The Group will strengthen dynamic market analysis and appropriately rationalise sales structure. Efforts will be made to raise sales quality and to diversify sourcing channels for resources. The Group will further develop its distribution networks and increase the proportion of high-performance service stations.
The Group will also take prudent steps to develop its service station convenient store business and will perfect its service system so as to increase market competitiveness and profitability.
In respect of natural gas and pipeline, the Group will promote the continuing rapid development of natural gas business through balancing the two kinds of resources of locally produced gas and imported gas as well as enhancing effective upstream and downstream coordination. The Group will focus on the development of the natural gas market with emphasis on central and high-performance markets. In conventional markets such as Sichuan Province, Chongqing, the Bohai Rim and the Yangtze River Delta, untapped potential among existing users will be developed whilst efforts will be made to expand into new markets. The Group will actively develop the natural gas utilisation business and expand the market size. Through strengthened organisation and scientific implementation, the Group will seek to ensure orderly construction of pipelines and their safe and 
In respect of international operations, the Group will, on the one hand, continue to accord first priority to oil and gas resources. The Group will speed up the development of overseas oil and gas cooperation zones whilst consolidating and replicating the success in overseas venture exploration. The Group will also actively explore a production structure integrating overseas exploration and development, which will, in turn, pave the way for large scale developments and wider co-operations. On the other hand, the Group will pursue a sustained and healthy development of its fast-growing international trading operations. The Group will enhance the development of overseas oil and gas operating hubs in order to achieve the integration of refining, storage, trading and transport businesses in one entity. The Group will devote its efforts to developing valuable resources and new markets and diligently converting its advantage in resources into a market and efficiency advantage.

