CHAIRMAN S REPORT 
I am pleased to submit to you the annual report of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2008.

Review of Results of Operations 
In 2008, despite being faced with historically rare natural disasters such as cold weather, rain and snow storms, frost and a severe earthquake in the Wenchuan area, and changes in the operating environment in the domestic and international markets, in particular affected by the spreading global financial crisis and the significant volatility in the oil market, the Company planned in a scientific manner and responded actively, thus realising continuous development in the principal operations, stable production and operations, a steady increase in the output of major products and enhancement of the Group s ability to achieve sustainable development. Without taking into account the impacts resulting from policy factors such as the special levy on domestic crude oil sales and the macroeconomic controls over the prices of refined products, the operational efficacy of the Company remains at a robust level.
In accordance with CAS, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2008, profit before taxation of the Group was RMB161,100 million, representing a decrease of 21.1% compared with the previous year. Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB113,798 million, representing a decrease of 22.0% compared with the previous year. Basic earnings per share for profit attributable to equity holders of the Company during the year amounts to RMB0.62. In accordance with IFRS, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2008, profit before taxation of the Group was RMB161,829 million, representing a decrease of 21.0% compared with the previous year. Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB114,431 million, representing a decrease of 22.0% compared with the previous year. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2008, the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to equity holders of the Company were RMB0.63.

The Board of Directors has recommended to pay final dividends of RMB0.14953 per share (together with the interim dividend of RMB0.13183 per share, the annual dividend for 2008 will be RMB0.28136 per share), subject to shareholders review and approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting to be held on May 12, 2009.

Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee 
The Third Session of the Board of Directors and the Third Session of the Supervisory Committee both expired in 2008. The Company convened its annual general meeting for 2007 in Beijing on May 15, 2008, in which the members of the Fourth Session of the Board of Directors and the shareholders' representatives at the Fourth Session of the Supervisory Committee were elected, the latter of which formed the Fourth Session of the Supervisory Committee together with employees representatives Mr Wang Yawei, Mr Qin Gang and Ms Wang Shali.

On May 16, 2008, the Company convened the first meeting of the Fourth Session of the Board of Directors, in which Mr Jiang Jiemin was elected the Chairman and Mr Zhou Jiping the Vice Chairman. The Company appointed Mr Zhou Jiping as the President, Mr Zhao Zhengzhang the Vice President, Mr Wang Daofu the Chief Geologist and Mr Huang Weihe the Chief Engineer.

The Company convened the first meeting of the Fourth Session of the Supervisory Committee in the afternoon on May 15, 2008, in which Mr Chen Ming was elected the Chairman of the Fourth Session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to Mr Zheng Hu, Mr Gong Huazhang, Mr Zhang Jinzhu and the late Mr Duan Wende for their contributions to the Company during their terms of office.

I would also like to express my heartfelt thanks to all shareholders for their support and members of the Board of Directors and the Supervisory Committee and all staff of the Company for their close co-operation and hard work.

In 2009, impacted by the global financial crisis amid increasing uncertainties in the global economic environment, the growth of the PRC economy has slowed down, marked by the shrinkage of domestic demand of petrochemical products. Confronted with the complex and volatile external environment and increasing market competition, the Group will continue to react to changing market conditions with flexibility, organise production and operation in a scientific manner, actively promote the technological advancement and enhance corporate management in order to ensure the sustained, effective and rapid development of the Company.

In respect of exploration and production, the Group will continue to place top priority on resources exploration and further consolidate the leading position of its upstream operations in China. The Group will stress the parallel development of oil and gas exploration, focus on the Eight Basins in the PRC and continuously boost the Peak Growth in Oil and Gas Reserves Program. The Group will endeavour to unearth sizeable and high quality reserves with a view to maintain the growth momentum of crude oil and natural gas reserves. In oilfield development, emphasis will be placed on the overall development of new oilfields. The Group has extensively initiated works to achieve steady and increasing oil and gas production in mature oilfields through the deployment of various comprehensive measures including conducting secondary recovery of mature oilfields. Natural gas operations will again be regarded as an ongoing landmark strategic growth project, with emphasis on key gas regions, so as to maintain the rapid and vigorous growth momentum of natural gas.

In respect of refining and chemicals operations, the Group will leverage on the opportunities presented by the reform of refined products pricing mechanism in China by utilising its advantage in integrated refining and chemical operations. The Group will enhance the optimisation of resources allocation and the adjustment of equipment mix. Efforts will also be made towards product upgrades and technological advancement. Control over production management will be strengthened to maintain steady and efficient production. Production of chemical products will also be market-oriented with a view to increase sales. The Group will push ahead key refining and petrochemical construction projects in an orderly manner, so that completion of the construction of facilities can meet the production plan and the refining and processing capacity can be kept growing in a certain scale.
In respect of the sale of refined products, the Group will proactively adapt to changes in the market by adopting a flexible and effective marketing strategy. Production, transportation and marketing will be better organised as a whole to optimise the flow of resources, market distribution and logistics. Efforts will also be made to explore profitable markets. The Group will endeavour to increase its market share by speeding up the building of its capacities in commercial reserves and enhancing its retail management to increase sales in terms of turnover and marketing efficacy.
In respect of natural gas and pipeline construction, the Group will speed up the implementation and completion of various key projects of oil and gas pipelines and improve the facilities and control of transportation and storage. A nationwide pipeline network and supply system characterised by diversification of resources, flexible despatch priority and stable supply will be established. Concerted efforts will be made to develop new markets for natural gas, in particular for the long gas pipelines including the Second West-East Gas Pipeline project and the Shandong Pipeline Network. Utilisation of gas will be optimised and efforts will be made to meet the demand for gas in major cities, public sector and key industries so that marketing efficacy can be boosted.

In respect of international operations, the Group will continue to enhance international energy cooperation opportunities in order to obtain mutual benefits, and endeavour to realise faster production growth in its overseas oil and gas productions. The Group will continue to leverage on the existing resources with a view to ensure stable production in the developed oilfields and at the same time, expedite new development projects with a view to increase reserves and production. Overseas business development will be accelerated. Subject to proper management of risks and assurance of economic benefits, the Group will continue to increase the scale of its international trading business and will speed up the establishment of overseas oil and gas operating centres in an effort to promote internationalisation and also raise the standard of its operations to international levels.

