CHAIRMAN S REPORT 
I am pleased to submit to you the annual report of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2014 for your review.
In 2014, the demand in the oil and gas market grew slowly due to the slowdown in global economic recovery and the intensified downward pressure on the domestic economy. Despite the complicated and severe domestic and international economic environment, the Group adhered to the guidelines of quality, profitability and sustainable development, made overall plans for resources and markets both in the PRC and abroad, focused on developing its principal business of oil and gas operations, strived to push forward the adjustment to business structure and the overall arrangement for and optimisation of production, actively implemented measures for broadening sources of income and reducing expenditure as well as cutting costs and enhancing efficiency, made great efforts to strengthen safety and environmental protection, and implemented a series of reform measures focused on enhancement of output, sales and efficiency. As a result, the production and operation of the Group was stable and under control and the operating results met the expectations.

In 2015, the global economy is expected to continue to recover at a low speed, subject to some unstableness and uncertainties. The energy sector is currently under substantive adjustment. As China s economy is expected to keep growing in a moderate and stable way, the demand for oil and gas in China is expected to continue to grow steadily. The State will devote great efforts to developing clean energies and pushing forward reforms in energy pricing and the oil and gas systems, which will provide favourable conditions for the business development of the Group. The Group will adhere to its guidelines of quality, profitability and sustainable development, continue to implement its three major strategies, namely, resources, markets and internationalisation, place an emphasis on the development of its oil and gas business, improve its capability of market interaction along the whole industry chain including production, transportation, sales, storage and trade, strengthen the innovation momentum and marketing efficiency and vigorously broaden its source of income, reduce expenditure, cut costs and improve efficiency in an effort to maintain a steady and positive improvement of its production and operation.
In respect of exploration and production, the Group will continue to prioritise its strategy of resources and focus on the major basins, optimise venture exploration targets and strive to achieve findings of considerable scale in exploration and new strategic succession. The Group will pursue the exploration of tight oil in a steady way and continue to expand exploration results. The Group will organise its oil and gas production in a scientific manner, emphasise the construction of key production capacity projects, strengthen the lifecycle management of projects, continue to promote the industrialisation of mature technologies, further increase the production capacity of coal bed methane projects, and endeavour to enhance production benefit.
In respect of refining and chemicals, the Group will adhere to the principle of moderate scale, appropriate product lines, suitable timing of construction and proper standards. The Group will focus on optimising its geographical layout and resource allocation, the process routing and products structure, and reinforcing benchmarking management. The Group will organise refining production in a safe, stable and flexible manner and strive to improve quality and efficiency. The Group will push forward the construction of key refining projects in a well-paced and orderly way, complete the construction of oil product quality upgrade projects and put them into operation as scheduled.
In respect of marketing, the Group will pay close attention to the emerging features of the market, promptly respond to changes in the market, and formulate flexible marketing strategies. The Group will optimise the allocation and flow of resources, emphasising the development of regions with regional advantages and high profitability. The Group will improve the development quality of its marketing network, promote its brand image, build golden terminals, enrich its operation models, and continuously enhance its profitability and market 
In respect of natural gas and pipeline, the Group will reinforce the connection between resources and market, continuously optimise the structures of regions and users, continue to develop high-end and high profitability markets, and keep improving the operating efficiency and overall results of the industry chain.
The Group will continue to push forward the construction of key pipelines, improve the regional gas pipeline networks, strengthen the operation and management of existing gas storage reservoir and the construction of new gas storage reservoir and continuously enhance its capabilities of pipeline transportation and emergency 
In respect of international operations, the Group will further expand international cooperation in the field of oil and gas, speed up the construction of the five major overseas oil and gas cooperation zones and the four major strategic oil and gas channels, and realise a well-coordinated development of resources import and integration of up-stream and down-stream industries. The Group will emphasise the exploration and development of key projects and high-profitability projects, and endeavour to increase production and improve efficiency. The Group will leverage on the synergy between overseas oil and gas operating hubs and international trading, optimise resource channels and trading pace, and enhance its capacity of allocation of resources and international 
