chaIrman S report 
I am pleased to submit to you the annual report of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2009.
Review of Results of Operations 2009 was a year in which the Group faced significant challenges. Being faced with the serious impact and consequences caused by the global financial crisis, the Group adhered to the guiding principle of being market-oriented and focused on efficiency, and organised production and operations in a scientific manner.
The Group also strengthened the overall balance among production, transportation, marketing and storage, and accelerated business planning and strategic development. It also strengthened controls over investment, optimised investment portfolios and vigorously reduced costs and improved efficiency. With the concerted efforts of the Group, the effects of the measures adopted by the Group to cope with the crisis became apparent. The Group achieved steady and safe yet fast development in production and operations in 2009, with the overall operating results being better than expected at the beginning of the year.
In accordance with CAS, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2009, profit before taxation of the Group was RMB139,767 million, representing a decrease of 13.3% compared with the previous year. Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB103,173 million, representing a decrease of 9.4% compared with the previous year. Basic earnings per share were RMB0.56. In accordance with IFRS, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2009, profit before taxation of the Group was RMB140,032 million, representing a decrease of 13.6% compared with the previous year. Net profit attributable to owners of the Company was RMB103,387 million, representing a decrease of 9.7% compared with the previous year. Basic earnings per share were RMB0.56, representing a decrease of RMB0.07 compared with the previous year.
The Board of Directors has recommended to pay final dividends of RMB0.13003 per share for 2009.
Together with the interim dividends of RMB0.12417 per share, the annual dividends for 2009 will be RMB0.25420 per share. The final dividends for 2009 will be subject to shareholders' review and approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting to be held on May 20, 2010.
Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee At the Company s 2008 Annual General Meeting on May 12, 2009, Mr Wang Daocheng was elected an independent supervisor of the Company. Mr Wu Zhipan ceased to be an independent supervisor of the Company. The appointment of Mr Wang Daocheng as a supervisor commenced on May 12, 2009, the date of the resolution, and will expire with the current session of the Supervisory Committee.
At the fifth meeting of the Fourth Session of the Board of Directors held on June 18, 2009, the directors present discussed and considered the proposal on the change of secretary to the board of directors of the Company, and resolved unanimously that Mr Li Hualin be appointed as the secretary to the board of directors of the Company (company secretary) and an authorised representative. Mr Li Huaiqi ceased to be the secretary to the board of directors of the Company (company secretary) and an authorised representative as he would soon reach retirement age.
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to Mr Wu Zhipan and Mr Li Huaiqi for their contributions to the Company during their terms of office. I would also like to express my heartfelt thanks to all shareholders for their support and members of the Board of Directors and the Supervisory Committee and all staff of the Company for their close co-operation and hard work.

In 2010, the international financial market is gradually becoming more stable, with an expectation for growth in the global economy during recovery, and the PRC economy appears to have a more established foundation for renewed economic growth. Policies to expand domestic demand and improve people's livelihood are expected to continue to yield positive results. Growth in the domestic economy is expected to remain fast but steady, with a corresponding increase in the demand for oil and petrochemical products.
The Group will continue with its vigorous efforts in implementing the strategy on resources, marketing and internationalisation , and in particular placing emphasis on quality and efficiency. The Group will also strengthen the overall balance between production, transportation, marketing and storage, as well as its command of both the international and domestic aspects of business. The Group will continue to strengthen its self-innovation capability and consolidate its core corporate management competence. It will also take active steps to accelerate the transformation of its pattern of business development and to steer fast and steady development of the Company's production and operations.
In respect of exploration and production operations, the Group will continue to place top priority on exploration for new resources and further consolidate the leading position of its upstream operations in the PRC. Persisting in its drive for scale, efficiency and scientific exploration and focusing on pre-exploration and venture exploration, the Group will endeavour to unearth sizeable and high quality reserves. In oil and gas fields development, emphasis will be placed on the overall planning, exploration and development of new oilfields and the economies of scale in operations, as well as the planning and arrangement for secondary recovery in mature oilfields. The Group will also take the initiative in changing methods to attain a higher level of development of its oil and gas fields, and to achieve steady production in mature oilfields. The Group will take advantage of the historic opportunity presented by the rapidly developing natural gas sector, with emphasis on expanding the production capacities in key gas regions, so as to maintain the safe, fast and steady growth momentum of natural gas.
In respect of refining and chemicals operations, the Group will leverage on its integrated and intensive refining and chemicals operations. The Group will strenuously work towards market proximity and the marketability of its products. The Group will pursue smooth and efficient refining and chemicals production.
The Group will also seek to optimise resources allocation and adjust equipment mix in response to the market and speed up quality enhancement of oil products and development of new petrochemical products, while striving for increases in production, income and efficiency. The Group will follow changes in the market closely and attune to patterns of sales in order to increase the ultimate profitability in sales. The Group will push ahead key refining and petrochemical construction projects as planned, so that completion of the construction of facilities can meet the production plan and the growth of refining and petrochemical processing capacity can be maintained.
In respect of the sale of refined products, the Group will aim at an increased market share and a steady increase in the retail proportion by increasing efforts to expand and adjust its sales network. Moreover, the Group will reinforce its presence in mature markets and will actively develop profitable markets such as those in economically developed regions. The Group will continue to optimise the network and structure of its existing service stations and will push through with the construction of storage and distribution facilities for refined products, and create a distribution system that is compatible with the target market share in terms of sales capacity as soon as possible by optimising the logistics. The Group will continue to leverage on its advantage in professional management and develop its business of non-oil products and will continue to enhance the profit margin in service stations.
In respect of natural gas and pipeline construction, the Group will speed up the construction of its domestic trunk pipeline networks and the connecting branch networks, as well as the improvement of their geographic distribution. Development of the natural gas market will be focused. The Group will effectively enhance the overall balance among domestic natural gas, imported gas, LNG and other resources, and will strengthen the coordination among production, transportation and marketing activities. Gas supply will also be assured to be safe, steady and orderly. Concerted efforts will be made to develop new markets for natural gas and utilisation of gas will be optimised. Meanwhile, the Group will seek to actively push ahead city gas and compressed natural gas construction projects in key regions, with a view to expanding the natural gas market, and enhancing the growth potentials and maintaining stable growth in the efficiency of the Group's natural gas 
In respect of international operations, the Group will further enhance its capability in optimising resources globally. The Group will continue to expand its international energy co-operation for mutual benefits. It will strive to achieve a faster growth in overseas oil and gas businesses by optimising the geographical distribution and asset structure of its overseas business and by maintaining the successful operation of existing overseas projects. Overseas business development will be accelerated, and a more competitive trading structure will be built to gradually make its impact more largely felt on the international oil market.
In 2010, the Group will continue to place emphasis on scientific development and proactively face all challenges by leveraging on favourable conditions. The Group will continue to conduct its business in a prudent and steady manner, thereby continuously enhancing its corporate value and striving to maximise returns to its equity holders, the society and its staff.

