I am pleased to submit to you the annual report of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2010.
Review of Results of Operations In 2010, faced with complex macroeconomic environment and severe natural disasters, the Group vigorously implemented its key strategies on resources, marketing and internationalisation and strengthened the overall balance among production, transportation, marketing and storage. The Group sped up the construction of major projects and strategic projects and strengthened supply to satisfy market demands.
The Group also accelerated the transformation of the pattern of business development. The Group achieved steady development in production and operations in 2010, with a substantial rise in its overall operating results as compared with 2009.
In accordance with CAS, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2010, profit before taxation of the Group was RMB189,194 million, representing an increase of 35.4% compared with the previous year. Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB139,871 million, representing an increase of 35.6% compared with the previous year. Basic earnings per share were RMB0.76. In accordance with IFRS, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2010, profit before taxation of the Group was RMB189,305 million, representing an increase of 35.2% compared with the previous year. Net profit attributable to owners of the Company was RMB139,992 million, representing an increase of 35.4% compared with the previous year. Basic earnings per share were RMB0.76, representing an increase of RMB0.20 compared with the 
The Board of Directors has recommended to pay final dividends of RMB0.18357 per share for 2010 (inclusive of applicable tax). Together with the interim dividends of RMB0.16063 per share (inclusive of applicable tax), the total dividends for 2010 will be RMB0.34420 per share (inclusive of applicable tax). The final dividends for 2010 will be subject to shareholders' review and approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting to be held on May 18, 2011.

2011 sees hopes of a recovery of the global economy, which may lead to higher energy demand.
Meanwhile, factors like geopolitics and speculative trades could distort demand and supply patterns and bring major uncertainties to the trend of oil prices. Use of energy worldwide will further move towards consumption in an energy-saving, highly efficient, clean and low-carbon mode. The natural gas sector ushers in a period of rapid development. Steady and rapid development of the PRC s economy will hopefully continueand as a result, energy production and consumption will keep increasing and there exists substantial room for further development of oil and gas industries. The Group will make good use of this strategic opportunity to achieve further development, deal with the various complex situations actively, and maintain steady and rapid growth of its production and operations, working further to keep on developing itself into an integrated international 
In respect of exploration and production, the Group will continue with the Peak Growth in Oil and Gas Reserves Program, endeavour to unearth more sizeable and high quality reserves, organise crude oil production in a scientific manner, and strengthen its dominance in the PRC in respect of upstream operations.
As for oil and gas field development, the core work of the Group remains stabilising and increasing daily production per well, supplemented by reinforcing of steady production in existing oilfields, optimising of production methods in new oilfields and organising production in a steady and balanced manner in order to ensure steady but rising production volume of crude oil. Special efforts will be made on natural gas exploration, and great importance will be placed on the exploration of low permeability gas, shale gas, coal seam gas and other non-conventional resources in order to expand the size of resources continuously.
In respect of refining and chemicals operations, the Group will highlight the market-oriented and profitability-focused principles. The Group will strive to improve competitiveness and profitability of its products, further optimise the allocation of resources, push forward production equipment readjustment, product upgrading and technological improvements and continue to leverage on its integrated and intensive refining and chemicals operations. While stabilising supply on the market, the Group will also keep on raising its efficiency-enhancing ability and expanding its market share. Construction of network terminals and storage and logistics facilities will be accelerated. Work will be done to optimise the structure of transport facilities, strengthen the capacity of logistic support, raise the efficient market share of petrochemical products and enhance the economic efficiency of sale terminals.
In respect of the sale of refined products, the Group will aim at achieving a good balance among sales volume, price and profitability, setting a reasonable timing strategy on product sales, improving the sale quality, strengthening analysis of market movements and diversifying the sourcing of resources. It will optimise the allocation of resources for refined products, expand market share and enhance the fast and healthy development of sales for refined products.
In respect of natural gas and pipeline construction, the Group will make coordinating efforts according to market demands to achieve an overall balance between operations in the PRC and abroad and between upstream and downstream operations, giving priority to ensuring the introduction of resources through strategic channels. The Group will strive to strengthen smooth connection between production, transport, sale and storage and ensure safety and the steady supply of gas to urban residents, public utility companies and key industrial users. Meanwhile, efforts will be made to develop sales of natural gas gradually and to launch downstream consumption businesses in an orderly manner regarding products such as city gas and compressed natural gas with a view to achieving secondary value-adding and maximisation of economic efficiency of the natural gas business. The Group will ensure orderly construction and safe and steady operation of pipelines according to scheduled progress by means of strengthening the organisation and implementation of work in a scientific manner.
In respect of international operations, the Group will continue to expand its international energy co- operation for mutual benefits, speed up exploration of oil and gas overseas and push forward the development of new projects in key locations and aspects, with a view to raising the level of internationalised operation. The Group will expand the scale of international trade and continue with its efforts to further develop overseas oil and gas operation centres. In addition, the Group will build a more competitive international trading structure to enhance the Group s influence on the international market.
The Group will put in greater efforts on safety and environment-related work to ensure proper supervision with respect to its new business, new operation aspects and new operation modes, emphasising contractor management in particular. The Group will promote the establishment of risk assessments and emergency response capabilities and improve systems and plans for emergency rescues, and focus on the prevention of overseas terrorism. The Group will also enhance its energy conservation and emission reduction checks and controls at the source, and commence management of benchmark indicators on energy efficiency. The Group will continue promoting clean production, and realise its target of being an environmentally-friendly, internationalised and sustainable company.

