Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board (the Board ) of Directors (the Directors ) of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to announce the full-year audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the financial year ended 31 December 2010.
In comparison with 2009, our Group s turnover rose by about 60.8% to approximately HK$6,364.3 million in 2010. Our net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company also grew by around 103.1%, to approximately HK$1,571.2 million in 2010.
Basic earnings per share were 44.43 HK cents, compared with 22.06 HK cents last year.
We are highly pleased with the results achieved by the Group and therefore propose payment of a final dividend of 13 HK cents per Share upon approval at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.
I present below an overview of the business of the Group during 2010 and key development highlights for the coming year.
STRONG ECONOMIC MOMENTUM IN CHINA MODEST RECOVERY IN OVERSEAS MARKETS During the year under review, our business segments reported remarkable growth. Domestic sales in the Peoples Republic of China ( PRC ) achieved outstanding growth and represented about 66.5% of the Group s total turnover.
Revenue from the automobile glass business increased by about 22.2% to approximately HK$2,378.8 million, which accounted for about 37.4% of the Group s total turnover. This was mainly attributable to the stable growth in the sales of global automobile aftermarket glass products and our Company actively exploring overseas markets. Construction glass turnover grew by 28.3% to approximately HK$926.0 million, which accounted for about 14.6% of the Group s total turnover. This was mainly attributable to the fast growth of PRC building construction and strong demand for energy saving low-emission coating ( LOW-E ) glass.
The float glass business grew by about 83.2% to approximately HK$1,981.8 million, which accounted for around 31.1% of the Group s total turnover. This significant increase was largely driven by the high growth of the automobile glass and construction glass markets. Solar glass also grew by about 418.5% to approximately HK$1,077.8 million, which accounted for about 16.9% of the Group s total turnover. The outstanding growth resulted from the global market s focus on green and renewable energy sources leading to strong market demand. The Group s gross profit margin rose slightly to about 40.1% (2009: 36.9%) while the Group s net profit margin increased more strongly to about 24.7% (2009: 19.5%).
The year 2010 was full of opportunities and yet volatile. Although the PRC economy continued its fast growth, the industry faces changes in national policy, tougher competition, inflationary pressure, escalating fuel and raw material costs, etc. In the global setting, the US fiscal policy of quantitative easing, the European financial crisis and the unstable political environment in the Middle East have created a complicated economic situation. The Group nevertheless achieved remarkable results through a variety of measures. The most important measures were leveraging economies of scale, improving production techniques and workflow, implementing better cost control on raw materials and inventory, introducing high quality products with an optimised high value-added product mix, developing high technological and market driven glass products, and executing flexible global sales and operational management strategies to benefit from the different supportive policies in the PRC.

VOLATILE EUROPEAN ECONOMIES AND CURRENCY EXPLORATION OF DIFFERENT EXPORT SALES CHANNELS AND INCREASE IN PROPORTION OF CHINA SALES During the year, the European economy and currency were seriously hit by the economic turmoil. Although the US economy enjoyed a modest recovery, the Group actively explored different overseas markets, such as Australia, South America, the Middle East and Africa to offset the decreased demand from Europe and to gain overseas market share.
Sales to North America increased by approximately 28.8% to approximately HK$747.5 million while sales to Europe rose by approximately 19.8% to approximately HK$451.8 million for the year under review. The Group s improved performance was attributable to the increase in overall demand with sales orders reaching a high level in the North America market.
Also, the Group has actively explored other overseas markets in 2010, revenue from these markets increased by approximately 17.6% to approximately HK$934.9 million. More significantly, through the business opportunities presented by the strong economic momentum in Greater China, the Group s sales here also increased by approximately 91.8% to approximately HK$4,230.1 
IMPROVED PRODUCTIVITY AND ECONOMIES OF SCALE TO MINIMISE ENERGY AND MATERIAL COSTS Since the end of 2009, the selling price of heavy oil, the fuel for the industrial production of float glass and solar glass, has kept increasing. Therefore, the Group plans to use clean natural gas, a fuel with lower and more stable cost, for its new float glass and solar glass production lines in Wuhu, Jiangmen and Tianjin. Also, the Group plans to convert the existing float glass and solar glass production lines in Dongguan to use natural gas by mid-2011 to improve our overall cost structure.
Through our strong experience in operations management combined with production process improvements, we have enhanced our productivity and yield rate to minimise the overall production and energy costs. The Group s daily production capacity of high quality float glass increased from 3,100 daily melting tonnes at the end of 2009 to 4,700 daily melting tonnes by mid-2010. The two new float glass production lines in our Wuhu production complex have also provided the Group with an additional daily production capacity of 1,600 melting tonnes in the first half of 2010. The economies of scale have enhanced the Group s purchasing power and reduced the average fuel consumption rate and the fixed unit cost, thus mitigating the impact of any potential cost pressure on gross profit margins in the future.
Also, the Group plans to install the environmentally friendly low temperature recycling residual heat power cogeneration system in Dongguan and other new production complexes to enhance our overall production cost structure.
OPPORTUNITIES IN THE SOLAR GLASS BUSINESS The Group s businesses in automobile glass, construction glass and float glass maintained a satisfactory gross margin level during the year. As fossil fuels gradually amortised and international crude oil prices kept rising, solar power related products benefited from the clean and renewal energy policies of different countries. It has led to a strong demand for solar power products since end of 2009 that has positively contributed to the outstanding revenue and profit performances of solar glass and the overall Group profitability in 2010.

OUTLOOK FOR 2011 In 2011, we continue to strengthen efficiency of our operational management in order to tackle the challenges and inflation pressure resulting from the post global financial tsunami period, including Governmental policy changes in the PRC, the policy to promote the building materials industry in PRC rural areas, the new energy-saving standards for building construction, the low income affordable housing scheme and the Golden Sun model home project.
We will strengthen our research and development capability to enhance the development of new products and product quality.
Our new production complexes in the Yangtze River Delta, the Pearl River Delta and the Bohai region will commence operations before the end of 2011. Another new production complex at Yingkou, located in northeastern China, plans to commence operations by the end of 2012. We will focus on development of high quality float glass, new energy and environmentally- friendly and energy efficient glass products to meet the anticipated strong market demand for high quality float glass, LOW-E glass, double glazing insulated glass, solar glass and ultra thin electronic glass products. We expect that second and third tier PRC cities will also have a strong demand for high quality float glass and Low-E glass in the future.
With the overwhelming global demand, the solar glass mainly used for solar module systems has achieved an outstanding revenue and profit results in 2010. The Group is building four new solar glass production lines in Wuhu and Tianjin to capture the continued growth in the demand on solar power systems.
The Group plans to build an ultra-thin electronic glass production line in Wuhu to capture demand from the growing market for high technology electronic products. We believe this new high technology glass products will be another future growth driver.

The Group has proactively and aggressively tackled challenges in a variety of business environments and has optimised our performance with the support of our staff and customers, consequently reaping benefits from opportunities that have arisen as the global economy revives. We remain optimistic about our future development and will continue to adhere to business strategies that have proven to be highly successful. Striving to maintain our leading position, we will continue our efforts to enable the Group to further expand its presence in the worldwide glass market.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank fellow Board members for their continuous and strong support during the review period. I would also like to thank our senior management team and our staff, as well as business partners and customers for their valuable contributions to our success during the year under review.
LEE Yin Yee, M.H.

28 February 2011 