Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to sincerely thank all of our shareholders for their continued interest and unwavering support of China Medical System Holdings Limited (the Company or CMS ). As Chairman of the Board I am pleased to present the Annual Report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2011 (the Reporting Period ) 
The year 2011 was an important year for the Group. This year was not only filled with challenges and developments but it was also the first full fiscal year for the Group since its listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange ( HKEx ). During the year, the Group persisted in its strategic positioning and development direction as a marketing, promotion and sales service provider for prescription drugs in China, focused on the balance development between continuous products introduction and sales and promotion network expansion. In April 2011, the Group successfully extended its business model by acquiring Great Move Enterprises Limited ( Great Move ) and its subsidiaries. The main wholly-owned subsidiary of Great Move is Tianjin Precede Medical Trade Development Co., Ltd. (officially renamed Tianjin Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Technology Development Co., Ltd., or Tianjin Kangzhe , on 24 October 2011), a Chinese company that engaged in the marketing, promotion and sale of prescription drugs through the Agency Promotion Model in China. After the acquisition, the Group not only owns a well-established physician-orientated Direct Academic Orientated Promotion Model, but has also added the Agency Promotion Model, which is composed of independent third-party sales representatives or distributors. The Group will focus on integrating and developing the two sales and promotion models. In addition, in order to control the product rights of Protein Hydrolysate , the Group acquired 51% equity interests of the manufacturer-Guangming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (officially renamed the Guangxi Kangzhe Guangming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. or Kangzhe Guangming , on 10 October 2011) in May 2011 by way of investment in capital and equity increase.
During the Reporting Period, despite the volatile conditions of Chinese pharmaceutical market, the Group achieved significant growth, with turnover amounting to US$210.4 Million (2010: US$132.2 million) representing an increase of 59.2% over last year, while profit attributable to owners of the Company reached US$62.3Million (2010: US$30.6 million), up 103.6% from last year. Basic earnings per share were US3.971 cents (2010: US2.315 cents).

In 2011, uncertain policies and the downturn of Chinese pharmaceutical market resulted in unprecedented challenges for the pharmaceutical industry. During the volatile conditions of the Chinese pharmaceutical market in 2011, the Group still achieved satisfactory results growth, as a result of the right position and firm implementation of our two core strategies-the continuous introduction and development of products and expansion of promotion and sales network.
Product Introduction and Development In 2011, the Group remained committed to introducing and developing products. During the Reporting Period, while maintaining the steady growth of its two flagship products-Deanxit and Ursofalk-the Group also increased its investment and intensity of promotion on other potential products, organized over 1,000 academic activities at various levels, continuously advanced the formation of expert networks and brands, increased the number of prescription doctors, boosted the doctors prescription volume and further strengthened the depth of coverage of products in hospitals. At the same time, the introduction of the Agency Promotion Model also broadened the scope and channel of the Group s product screening. During the Reporting Period, the Group not only continued products screening for the Direct Academic Orientated Promotion Network (the Direct Network ), but also included screening for products suitable for the Agency Promotion Network (the Agency Network ).
For product introduction, the target of the Group remains to introduce an average of not less than two products annually with academic value to our Direct Network and two products with market potential to our Agency Network, at the same time the Group have adjusted the key direction of the product introduction. In 2011, the Group gave consideration to each of the three different product development strategies while favoring the strategy of gaining permanent control market rights of products, through payment of an upfront fee or licensing fee, or through collaboration with other companies to obtain products or the market rights of the products in China. Compared to the previous method of signing exclusive contracts, this method of introducing new products is more difficult, as the negotiation process is more complicated, and more time consuming, but once the negotiation is successful, the Group can obtain longer-term and more stable product rights to ensure its long- term stable development. In May 2011, the Group successfully in-licensed Protein Hydrolysate . This is the first product that the Group obtained the market rights in China by equity control since the Hong Kong listing, and this is also the results of the combination of the two promotion models of the Group.
In addition, the Group already owns the product rights of Tyroseuleutide (CMS024) in China. Tyroseuleutide is used in the treatment of primary liver cancer and has huge potential market value in China. The Group has already commenced Tyroserleutide phase III clinical study in 2011. The title of the phase III study of Tyroserleutide being conducted now is A Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled, Multicenter Phase III Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Tyroserleutide for Injection in Patients With Hepatocellular Carcinoma , and the primary purpose of the study is to verify the efficacy of Tyroserleutide on prolonging recurrence-free survival ( RFS ) and overall survival ( OS ) of the patients with hepatocellular carcinoma. The clinical study will be conducted in 26 Class Three hospitals which are at the leading level of the liver cancer field in China. As at 31 December 2011, the Group has already successfully started kick-off meetings of Tyroserleutide phase III clinical trial during 18 hospitals in China, and has already enrolled 4 subjects. If the clinical trial can be smoothly completed, it will have a significant and positive impact on the Groups performance in the future.

Meanwhile, the Group has already signed three products from late 2010 to early 2011 that require import drug registration in China, and the application of clinical trial for registration of Budenofalk has been accepted by the State Food and Drug Administration ( SFDA ) during the first half of 2011. These three products are effective complements to our existing strong therapeutic departments, and after the completion of the import drug registration, the Group can make use of the existing promotion and sales network and expert resources to achieve rapid product coverage. Moreover, the Group has several other products under the negotiation process.
In the future, the Group will continue to consider each of the three product introduction strategies, and at the same time build up diversified approaches such as purchases or equity controls to acquire more stable product 
During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to expand its marketing and promotion network, aside from expanding the geographical reach and hospital coverage of the promotion network, the Group also focused on integrating and developing the Direct Network and Agency Network. During the Reporting Period, the Group sales spanned over 14,600 hospitals throughout China, of which almost 8,600 hospitals were covered by the Direct Network and over 7,800 hospitals were covered by the Agency Network.
In 2011, through the Internship Programme and Professional Talent Development Programme the Group recruited nearly 300 premium undergraduate and post-graduate students from medical colleges throughout the country for internships, and through a large number of professional training and strict internal evaluations to select outstanding talents to join the Direct Network of the Group. At the year ended 31 December 2011, the number of marketing, promotion and sales professionals in the Direct Network of the Group had close to 1,200.
In September 2011, the Group launched a new round of campus recruitment to unceasingly add new talents to the Direct Network of the Group. In addition, the Group also strengthened the social recruitment efforts during the Reporting Period.
In 2011, the Group has also refined the management of the Agency Network. By combining its years of academic experience in specialized construction with meticulous management to assisted Tianjin Kangzhe (formerly known as Tianjin Precede Medical Trade Development Co., Ltd ) to enhance its business competence and capabilities, and improved and refined the collaboration model of the market management department. The Group also assisted Tianjin Kangzhe to set up and improve its information management system and injected the Group s business and management system into it. With these efforts, Tianjin Kangzhe maintained stable performance and achieved steady sales growth despite the volatile environment and fierce competition in the Chinese pharmaceutical market observed in 2011. Meanwhile, the Group also strengthened the formation and expansion of the Agency Network. As at 31 December 2011, the number of independent third party sales representatives or distributors in the Agency Network of the Group had close to 1,000.
With the Chinese government healthcare policy favoring the rural market, the rural market and community hospitals will gradually become another emerging spotlight of China pharmaceutical development. In 2011, the Group followed the development of healthcare policy in China, and began to consider entering the rural market and gradually extending its marketing and promotion network within this market. On the one hand, the Group took advantage of the presence of the Agency Network in the rural market to continue to expand and penetrate its network, which effectively compensated for the void of the Direct Network in the rural market; on the other hand, the Group also took into consideration the recruitment of local sales staff to build local marketing and promoting teams in the rural market.

In addition, during the Reporting Period, the Group has also explored the advantage of integrating the two networks to accelerate the pace of market coverage and increase the sales of products. The task of promotion models integration for some products of the Group has already been initiated and achieved initial success.
During the Reporting Period, the Group also purchased a property at a preferential price offered by the Shenzhen Municipal Government, located at Majialong Industrial Zone Nanshan District, Shenzhen in China with the Block parcel number of 04-05-17 and named the Innovation Building*, with a gross floor area between 4,000 m and 5,000 m. The property will be used as Corporate Headquarters of the Group and will fulfill the needs of the Group in its accelerated development and the recruitment of more talents. The property should satisfy the project completion and acceptance requirements within 24 months from September 2011, and submit the information of completion and acceptance. The property has to be transferred within 30 working days after obtaining the project 
Cash Dividend and Bonus Issue The Company paid an interim dividend of US 0.64 cent per ordinary share for the six months ended 30 June 2011 (adjusted to reflect the bonus issue effective in September 2011 as approved by Shareholders at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 14 September 2011). The Board is delighted to recommend a final dividend of US 0.8 cent (equivalent to HK$0.0621) per ordinary share of the Company (each a Share ) for the year ended 31 December 2011 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on Friday, 4 May 2012 (the Record Date ). Payment of such final dividend in Hong Kong Dollars is expected to be made to the shareholders on Monday, 14 May 2012 after the shareholders approval at the Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) of the Company on Wednesday, 25 April 2012. The Board also recommends a bonus issue to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on the Record Date on the basis of one (1) bonus share (the Bonus Shares ) for every two (2) existing Shares (the Bonus Issue ). It is expected that the dealings in the Bonus Shares on the HKEx will commence on Tuesday, 15 May 2012 subject to the approval of the shareholders at the AGM and the HKEx. Details of the Bonus Issue are set out in the Management Discussion and Analysis section of the Annual Report.
Outlook and Future Development Going forward, the Group will firmly continue to pursue two core development strategies-the continuous introduction and development of products and the expansion of marketing and promotion network.
For existing products, the Group will continue to maintain the stable growth of the flagship products and increase the investment in and intensify the promotion of potential products, thereby broadening the growth prospects.
Meanwhile, in addition to sustainable investment into the academic promotion of products, the Group will also continue to make full use of the advantages of the two promotion models, accelerate the integration of marketing and promotion of products.
For product introduction, the Group will continue to carry out product selection and evaluation activities, to in- license products with competitive advantage, persevere to introduce an average of not less than two products suitable for the Direct Network and also to introduce an average of not less than two products suitable for the Agency Network per year. In addition to maintain the current long-term product agent strategy, the Group will also continue to diversify the way through which products are introduced to acquire more stable and sustainable product rights. Meanwhile, the Group will introduce products in a systematic manner in accordance with market demand, keep a close eye on the development of the China pharmaceutical policies, and systematically increase the screening of investment in high growth potential products, in order to enhance the competitiveness of the Group s future product portfolio.

In relation to network development, the Group will continue to expand the scale of the Direct Network through new staff recruitment and to boost network coverage and market segmentation. At the same time, the Group will make full use of the characteristics of information management to strengthen the specialized construction and management refinement of the Agency Network, increase the number of agents and accelerate the network penetration in the rural market. In addition, the Group will also accelerate the complementary strengths of the two promotion networks and further extend the marketing and promotion presence of the Group at the rural 
Aside from organic development, the Group will also continue to use capitalization as a development strategy, continue to improve the internal control of the Group and strengthen the management and control of the Group s 
The year 2011 was the most volatile year for the Chinese pharmaceutical market. Under numerous external pressures, the Group still achieved stable development. Going forward, the board will pay close attention to the changes in the environment of the Chinese pharmaceutical market, closely follow the direction of the China s pharmaceutical policies development, adjust the development strategy on a timely basis, and actively take measures to deal with the changes in market and policy. The Group will continue to work hard, seize new opportunities in a time of challenges and take practical measures in order to achieve even better results! 
15 March, 2012 