Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to announce the full-year audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the financial year ended 31 December 2008.
In comparison with 2007, our Group s turnover grew significantly, up by approximately 40.4% to roughly HK$3,894.3 million in 2008. Our net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company also grew by around 5.7%, to approximately HK$709.2 million in 2008. Basic earnings per share were 41.9 HK cents, compared with 41.1 HK cents last year.
We are highly pleased with the results achieved by the Group and therefore propose payment of a final dividend of 9.0 HK cents per ordinary share upon approval at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.
I present below an overview of the business of the Group during 2008 and key development highlights for the coming year.
A YEAR OF COSTS FLUCTUATION AND FINANCIAL TSUNAMI During the year, all our business segments reported strong growth. Turnover from the automobile glass business grew by approximately 14.4% to approximately HK$1,964.3 million, which accounted for approximately 50.4% of the Group s total turnover. This was mainly attributable to the substantial increase in sales of automobile glass products to overseas markets, such as Australia and Europe. Construction glass turnover grew by approximately 15.0% to approximately HK$650.8 million, which accounted for approximately 16.7% of the Group s total turnover. This was mainly attributable to (a) the strong demand for the low-emission coating ( LOW-E ) glass and double glazing insulated glass products and (b) our strategic focus on developing commercial buildings and public facilities-related construction glass market. The float glass and ultra clear photovoltaic glass business also grew significantly by approximately 160.1% to approximately HK$1,279.2 million, which accounted for approximately 32.9% of the Group s total turnover. Such strong demand was largely driven by overseas and South China markets, as well as the Group expanded float glass capacity. Ultra clear photovoltaic glass, our newly launched product, has received high recognition from customers as a result of the strong demand for solar related photovoltaic market. The gross profit margin was approximately 31.1% (2007: 38.6%) while the net profit margin was approximately 18.2% (2007: 24.2%).
2008 was full of challenges. The industry faced difficulties as a result of the global financial tsunami, the Renminbi s appreciation, the reduction of the export tax rebate, the recession of the US economy and the escalating fuel and raw material costs. The Group nevertheless achieved satisfactory results by leveraging economies of scale, high product quality with diversified product lines and flexible global sales and operational management strategies.
APPRECIATION OF RENMINBI INCREASE IN THE PRC SALES RATIO Although the Renminbi appreciated by approximately 5.6% in 2008, our sales in the PRC amounted to approximately 48.9% of the Group s total turnover that was used to settle Renminbi expenses. Other sales denominated in foreign currencies were mainly used to settle costs expenses incurred in the US dollar, Euro or Hong Kong dollar. By using the Hong Kong dollar as the reporting and functional currency in our consolidated financial statements, this natural hedging arrangement allowed us to mitigate any adverse impact as a result of foreign exchange rate fluctuations. It also mitigated the impact from the economic downturn in North America. All of these facilitated the Group to achieve solid sales growth in this year.

REDUCTION OF EXPORT TAX REBATE, WEAKENING OF US ECONOMY, EXPLORATION OF EXPORT 
On 1 July 2007, the PRC government reduced the export tax rebate on automobile and construction glass products from 13.0% to 5.0% and that of float glass products from 11.0% to 5.0%. All sectors of the glass industry were affected by this new policy, and as a result, the Group s overall gross margin dropped from 38.6% in 2007 to 31.1% for the year of 2008.
The US economy is in recession, which has significantly impacted the housing and new car markets. However, as the automobile glass products sold by us in North America are aimed at the aftermarket sector serving replacement purposes, the weak US economy has no significant adverse impact on the demand for our automobile glass products. However, our construction glass business was hit by the slow housing market and sales to North America were down by approximately 8.2% to HK$774.5 million for the year of 2008.
The Group continued to explore other overseas markets. In 2008, our revenue generated from the European market increased by approximately 93.7% to HK$555.5 million. Revenue from other overseas markets also increased by approximately 51.7% to 
IMPROVED PRODUCTIVITY AND ECONOMIES OF SCALE TO MITIGATE THE INCREASES IN ENERGY AND MATERIAL COSTS Since the fourth quarter of 2007, the selling prices of heavy oil, the fuel for float glass production, and soda ash, a principal raw material, have risen significantly and thus reduced our overall gross profit margin.
However, with our strong experience in operations management combined with the improvements in the production process, we enhanced our productivity and yield rate to combat the overall production and energy cost rises. The Group s daily production capacity of float glass increased from 1,200 daily melting tons in the middle of 2007 to 2,600 daily melting tons by end of 2007.
The new ultra clear glass production line also provided the Group with additional daily production capacity of 300 melting tons from January 2008. The economies of scale enhanced the Group s purchasing power, reduced the average fuel consumption rate and the fixed unit cost, and thus the Group was able to mitigate the impact of increased costs on the gross profit margin.
Since the third quarter of 2008, the international crude oil price gradually decreased to the lowest price level towards the end of the year. The soda ash price also dropped in the fourth quarter. We therefore expect the production cost pressure will be gradually eliminated in 2009.

IMPROVED OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT CAPABILITY REWARDED WITH MARKET RECOGNITION Our dedication in providing high quality glass products and improving operational efficiency and management capability has been rewarded with market recognition. In December 2008, our subsidiary, Xinyi Automobile Glass (Shenzhen) Company Limited, was awarded the 2008 Shenzhen Mayer Quality Award with a cash prize of RMB 3.0 million.
Starting on 29 October 2008, the shares of the Company were included as a constituent of the Hang Seng Composite Index, Hang Seng Mainland Composite Index, Hang Seng Composite Industry Index - Consumer Goods, Hang Seng Freefloat Composite Index and Hang Seng Mainland Freefloat Index. We were also named as Forbes Asia s Annual Best 200 Under a Billion for the second consecutive year in 2008. We ranked the 23rd by revenue, the 16th by net profit and the 40th by market capitalisation.
OUTLOOK FOR 2009 In the coming year, we will continue to strengthen our operations management capabilities, thus becoming fully armed to tackle challenges resulting from the global financial tsunami. In view of the PRC Government s four trillion economic stimulus plan, its policies to support automobile industry, the VAT refund scheme for new fixed asset investment in the PRC and the new energy saving standard for building construction, we will look towards establishing new production complex in the Yangtze River Delta region. As well, we will focus on developing new energy, environmental friendly and energy efficient glass products to meet the anticipated strong market demand for LOW-E glass, double glazing insulated glass and solar photovoltaic glass.
The commercial production of ultra clear photovoltaic glass, which is mainly used for photovoltaic power systems, successfully commenced in January 2008, and gained strong support from the market. The development of this new energy related product and thin film coating Transparent Conductive Oxide glass ( TCO glass) will be our main focus in the future.
Since 1 November 2008, export VAT rebate rates for automobile glass and construction glass increased to 11.0%. It will strengthen our competitiveness on the export businesses. Moreover, the decrease in costs of raw materials and fuel will fuel the growth momentum and enhance flexibility of our overall glass sales.

The Group proactively and aggressively tackles challenges in different business environments and faces difficult times with our staff and customers, consequently reaping benefits from opportunities that arise. Remaining optimistic about our future development, we will continue to adhere to business strategies that have proven to be highly successful. Striving to maintain our lead position, our efforts will enable the Group to further expand its presence in the worldwide glass market.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank fellow Board members for their continuous and strong support in 2008. I would also like to thank our senior management team, staff, business partners and customers for their valuable contributions to our success during the year.
LEE Yin Yee, M.H.

30 March 2009 