Chairman s Statement 
This is the third year since China Medical System Holdings Limited (the Company or CMS ) transferred its listing platform from the Alternative Investment Market in London to the Main Board of the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited ( HKEx ). On behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company, I would like to sincerely thank all of our shareholders for their unwavering support in these three years, and would also like to present the Annual Report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2013 (the Reporting Period ).

The year 2013 was one in which the Chinese healthcare market experienced a number of changes and adjustments. In the second half of 2013, the introduction of regulatory policies relating to the healthcare industry, in particular the anti-corruption measures pushed forward by the government exerted a certain impact on the overall growth of the Chinese healthcare industry. However, the rapid growth of China s aging population, the increase in per capita disposable income, as well as the deepening of government policies with regard to medical reforms, etc., continued to give impetus to overall growth of the Chinese healthcare market. In the long run, a more moderate policy environment, strong demand for pharmaceutical products and a solid industry foundation will drive the sustained development of the Chinese healthcare market.
In 2013, the Group stayed vigilant and was well prepared for various scenarios, focusing on optimizing its intrinsic value. Under the volatile external market conditions, the Group refined its market layout and network segmentation and strengthened internal management in a bid to reduce the adverse impact brought by fluctuations in the industry. During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded turnover of US$363.3 million (2012: US$281.9 million), representing an increase of 28.9% over the same period of last year, while profit for the period reached US$102.7 million (2012: US$85.1 million), up 20.6% from last year. Basic earnings per share was US4.258 cents (2012: US3.522 cents), representing an increase of 20.9% over the same period of last year.

Production Introduction and Development The Group believes that a premium product portfolio with distinct levels and reasonable structure serves an important foundation for the Group s sustainable development. During the Reporting Period, the Group committed to identifying high quality prescription drugs on a global scale that would meet the demand for the Chinese market and would also be suitable for promotion by the Group. In 2013, the stability and controllability of product rights continued to be the preferred strategic considerations of the Group s product introduction. Meanwhile, to ensure the products long-term development, for controllable products, the Group leveraged its capabilities in financing, production and sales to effectively integrate its product resources and optimize the developmental foundation of its products. The Group successfully signed agreements with two foreign pharmaceutical manufacturers in 2013 to introduce four products. In particular, the Group introduced three high-quality herbal medicine products in consideration of certain payments to Max Zeller Shne AG ( Zeller ), a Swiss pharmaceutical company. This was a successful attempt in which the Group obtained a product with long-term (30-year) exclusive market rights in China for its Direct Academic Promotion Network (the the Direct Network ). Another newly introduced product is Stimol , the Group achieved cooperation with Biocodex of France once again and signed an agreement for exclusive promotion and distribution the product in China during the Reporting Period. The new in-licensed products mentioned above require import drug registration in China. In addition, during the Reporting Period, the Group successfully acquired a 100% equity interest in Sinopharm Traditional Chinese Medicine Lengshuijiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (subsequently renamed Kangzhe Lengshuijiang Medical Co., Ltd., Kangzhe Lengshuijiang ), thereby securing the product rights of GanFuLe, a product previously marketed by the Group. Meanwhile, to secure the stable and long-term production capability of XiDaKang, a controllable product under the Agency Promotion Network (the Agency Network ), the Group not only acquired the entire product rights during the Reporting Period, but also made a series of arrangements for its production in order to lay a sound foundation for the future development of the product.
For the development of its current portfolio, the Group has actively capitalized on the opportunity arised from the adjustment of organizational structure of the Direct Network during the Reporting Period to continue refining its regional network, facilitate the regional layout of its products and enhance the sales coverage of new hospitals, thereby continuously expanding the market coverage of products in terms of the breadth and depth. Meanwhile, the Group actively explored the potential of hospitals which has generated sales of our products and increased the prescriptions volume of products during the Reporting Period. For products under the Agency Network, the Group consistently modified the Agency Promotion Model during the Reporting Period, identified new agencies in untapped markets for products and encouraged agencies to step up efforts in market development as well as hospital coverage. Meanwhile, for products that require certain degree of academic support under the Agency Network, the Group offered specific training programs for these products during the Reporting Period so as to continuously enhance the agencies academic capacity and knowledge for these products.

Tyroserleutide (CMS024), a polypeptide National Class One New Drug researched and developed by the Group, is used to treat primary liver cancer. The Group enrolled all subjects of phase III clinical trial of Tyroserleutide during the Reporting Period, and convened the blind data review of the clinical trial in Shanghai, China to unblind the data and conduct preliminary statistical analysis on 28 February 2014.
Preliminary analysis results indicated that the subgroup with tumor thrombosis in the hepatic portal vein branches of which subjects were in severe condition and with poor prognosis interfered with the primary efficacy evaluation of the clinical trial such that the clinical trial failed to achieve its aim to register for selling the drug in the Chinese market. The clinical trial demonstrated a favorable trend for Tyroserleutide on Recurrence Free Survival (RFS) and Overall Survival (OS) in the subgroup with no tumor thrombosis in the hepatic portal vein branches of which the subjects were in better condition and with favorable prognosis, and the OS in particular approaching statistical significance. Based on the situation, the Group believes that further research focusing on patient population with milder condition (such as subjects with no tumor thrombosis in the hepatic portal vein branches) with OS as the primary endpoint is highly recommended. The Group and Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Research and Development (Shenzhen) Limited ( Kangzhe R&D ) have decided to kick off a follow-up clinical trial for Tyroserleutide based on it.
Moreover, the Group has other five products in the early stages of application for import drug registration.
The Group will actively facilitate the registration process of relevant products.

The Group has committed to establishing a marketing and promotion network with broad coverage, strong penetration, high overall quality, clear management hierarchy, and outstanding flexibility and effectiveness in the China market. Thus, during the Reporting Period, the Group further expanded the scale of the marketing and promotion network and also strengthened the management and professional training of the network. Meanwhile, the Group further improved the information management system during the Reporting Period, and reinforced the refined management of the two marketing and promotion networks of the Group.
Furthermore, strengthening the penetration of the marketing and promotion network and promoting the development to the rural market were also key focuses of network development of the Group during the 
To ensure market segmentation, effective expansion into untapped markets, reinforcement the penetration of the marketing and promotion network into rural market and the flexibility of business management, the Group started to refine the organizational structure of the Direct Network since the end of 2012. During the Reporting Period, the new organizational structure commenced operation. To allow the new organizational structure to run efficiently as soon as possible, the Group has strengthened the real-time monitoring and regular feedback of the organizational performance under the refined network and continued to enhance and optimize the new organizational structure and relevant policies in light of market changes to enable the new structure to go through the transition period smoothly. Meanwhile, the Group completed large-scale new staff recruitment and training during the Reporting Period, and kicked off a new round of campus recruitment in order to continuously accommodate the demand for sales talents for the expansion and segmentation of the 
On the Agency Network front, the Group continued to identify high quality agents for products in untapped markets and hold training sessions to improve its agents knowledge of the Group s products during the Reporting Period. Meanwhile, the Group strengthened the information management of the Agency Network in areas ranging from agent identification to contract signing and product delivery during the Reporting Period, with every key aspect of sale process of the Agency Network fully incorporated into the information management system. In addition, the Group also actively discussed how to capitalize the merits of the Agency Promotion Model during the Reporting Period in order to achieve the optimal allocation of agents resources during product sales.

The Company has paid an interim dividend of US0.838 cent (equivalent to HK$0.065) per ordinary share of the Company (the Share ) for the six months ended 30 June 2013. The Board is delighted to recommend a final dividend of US0.863 cent (equivalent to HK$0.067) per Share for the year ended 31 December 2013 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on Monday, 12 May 2014 (the Record Date ). The register of members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 8 May 2014 to Monday, 12 May 2014 (both days inclusive). In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2013, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company s branch share register in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712 1716, 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 7 May 2014.
Payment of the final dividend in Hong Kong dollars is expected to be made to the shareholders on Monday, 19 May 2014 upon shareholders approval at the Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) of the Company dated on Wednesday, 30 April 2014.
Outlook and Future Development Internal adjustments carried out in 2013 were aimed at laying a more solid foundation for large-scale development in the future as the Group invests effort on product introduction and development, as well as network expansion and segmentation. Meanwhile, more detailed and effective business management, higher- quality talents and more stable sales teams will further strengthen the Group s future development.
In respect of product introduction and development in the future, the Group will be constantly committing to new product introduction by continuing to identify premium products with certain market differentiations and favorable academic features and adhering to taking effective control of product rights as the top priority during negotiations to cooperate on products. In the future, based on the securing of stable product rights, the Group will promote prosperous development of products in the China market with more ample resources and refined market planning. Meanwhile, the Group will also continue to facilitate the application of its existing products under registration for launching in the market. This is an important endeavour of the Group s sustainable development in the future.

With regard to the future development of the network, the Group will continue to expand the scale of the marketing and promotion network, further strengthen its network coverage, continuously expand its network to the rural market, and focus on improving the efficiency and professional standards of the network. The Group will further enhance the reasonable layout of its marketing and promotion network and reinforce its headquarters supervision and management over the network operation. The Group will also further establish a strong training and academic communication platform for the development of the marketing and promotion network and further improve various incentive mechanisms to consistently promote the healthy development of the network.
Since its listing on the HKEx three years ago, the Group has been adhering to the commitment of accountability to shareholders, constantly cultivating an outstanding enterprise that is pragmatic and proactive, exercising stringent internal control, and ensuring efficient management. The Group will continuously devote itself to society and human health and will continue to strive in the future! 
26 March 2014 