Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to announce the full-year audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the financial year ended 31 December 2009.
In comparison with 2008, our Group s turnover grew up by approximately 1.6% to roughly HK$3,958.0 million in 2009. Our net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company also grew by around 9.1%, to approximately HK$773.5 million in 2009.
Basic earnings per share were 44.6 HK cents, compared with 41.9 HK cents last year.
We are highly pleased with the results achieved by the Group and therefore propose payment of a final dividend of 15.0 HK cents per Share upon approval at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.
I present below an overview of the business of the Group during 2009 and key development highlights for the coming year.
POST FINANCIAL TSUNAMI AND A YEAR OF FLUCTUATING DEMAND During the year, our business segments reported different results. Turnover from the automobile glass business slightly decreased by approximately 0.9% to approximately HK$1,946.5 million, which accounted for about 49.2% of the Group s total turnover.
This was mainly attributable to the decrease in the sales price of automobile glass products and the drop of sales volume to the European Union and North America. Construction glass turnover grew by 10.9% to approximately HK$721.5 million, which accounted for about 18.2% of the Group s total turnover. This was mainly attributable to (a) the strong demand for the low- emission coating ( LOW-E ) glass and double glazing insulated glass products and (b) our strategic focus on developing glass for commercial buildings, public facilities-related structures and high end residential buildings in the construction sector. The float glass and ultra clear photovoltaic glass business also grew by approximately 0.8% to approximately HK$1,289.9 million, which accounted for approximately 32.6% of the Group s total turnover. Such growth was largely driven by the demand of high quality float glass in the South China region, as well as the Group s expanded high quality float glass capacity in its Wuhu production complex. Ultra clear photovoltaic glass benefited from the strong rebound of solar photovoltaic demand in the fourth quarter of the year, which also in turn drove the Group s sales. The gross profit margin was approximately 36.9% (2008: 31.1%) while the net profit margin was approximately 19.5% (2008: 18.2%).
2009 was full of challenges and opportunities. The industry faced difficulties as a result of the global financial tsunami, the recession in Europe and the US and the escalating fuel and raw material costs in the second half of 2009. The Group nevertheless achieved satisfactory results by leveraging economies of scale, high quality products with an optimised product mix, flexible global sales and operational management strategies to benefit from the PRC government s supportive policy to the automobile industry and domestic consumer markets. The PRC s 4 trillion stimulus plan also spurred the strong demand of construction 
RECESSION IN EUROPE AND THE US EXPLORATION OF EXPORT SALES CHANNELS AND INCREASE IN CHINA SALES RATIO The European and US economies were seriously hit by the economic turmoil. The export markets were affected to different extents. Therefore, we actively explored different overseas markets, such as Australia, Middle East and Africa to offset the decreased demand from Europe and the US.
Sales to North America were down by 25.1% to approximately HK$580.4 million for the financial year of 2009. The sales to Europe also dropped by 32.1% to approximately HK$377.2 million for the financial year of 2009. The decline in performance was attributable to the decrease of overall sales price, the impact of de-stocking and the subsequent re-stocking action that has yet to increase inventories back to the level before the financial tsunami even when these economies have been showing 
Therefore, the Group has actively explored other overseas markets and in 2009, revenue from these markets increased by 20.3% to approximately HK$794.8 million. Riding on the business opportunities brought from the strong economic rebound in the Greater China market, the Group s sales here also increased 15.9% to approximately HK$2,205.5 million.
IMPROVED PRODUCTIVITY AND ECONOMIES OF SCALE TO MINIMISE ENERGY AND MATERIAL COSTS Since the end of 2008, the selling prices of heavy oil, the fuel for float glass production, and soda ash, a principal raw material, have dropped significantly and thus our overall costs structure has improved.
Moreover, with our strong experience in operations management combined with the improvements in the production process, we enhanced our productivity and yield rate to minimise the overall production and energy costs. The Group s daily production capacity of high quality float glass increased from 2,600 daily melting tons in early 2009 to 3,100 daily melting tons by end of 2009. The new ultra clear glass production line in our Wuhu production complex also provided the Group with additional daily production capacity of 500 melting tons since the fourth quarter of 2009. The new capacities in our Wuhu operations are using lower cost and cleaner natural gas. The economies of scale have enhanced the Group s purchasing power, reduced the average fuel consumption rate and the fixed unit cost, and thus mitigate the impact of any potential cost pressure on the gross profit margin in the future.

OUTLOOK FOR 2010 In 2010, we will continue to strengthen our operational management efficiency in order to tackle the challenges resulting from the post global financial tsunami period and the plan to retreat from the economic stimulus policies by major countries. In view of the PRC government s economic stimulus plan, its policies to support automobile industry and encourage the building materials industry in rural areas in China, the new energy-saving standards for building construction and the Golden Sun model home project, We will strengthen our research and development capability to enhance the new product development and product quality. We will expand new production complexes in the Yangtze River Delta, the Pearl River Delta and the Bohai region. We will also focus on the development of new environmentally-friendly and energy efficient glass products to meet the anticipated strong market demand for high quality float glass, LOW-E glass, double glazing insulated glass and photovoltaic glass products.
We expect the second and third tier PRC cities will also have strong demand for high quality float glass and Low-E glass in future.
The second ultraclear photovoltaic glass production line, which is mainly used for photovoltaic power systems, has successfully commenced operation in the fourth quarter of 2009. This glass product has been well received by the market. The demand for solar power system is expected to continuously increase in Europe, China, Japan and the US.
Since 1 June 2009, the rebate of China export tax for automobile glass, construction glass and photovoltaic glass has increased back to 13%. The rebate will strengthen the competitiveness of our export businesses. At the same time, the decrease in the costs of raw materials and fuel will accelerate our growth momentum and enhance the flexibility in our overall glass sales.

The Group proactively and aggressively tackles challenges in different business environments and faces difficult times with our staff and customers, consequently reaping benefits from opportunities that arise. Remaining optimistic about our future development, we will continue to adhere to business strategies that have proven to be highly successful. Striving to maintain our lead position, our efforts will enable the Group to further expand its presence in the worldwide glass market.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank fellow Board members for their continuous and strong support in 2009. I would also like to thank our senior management team, staff, business partners and customers for their valuable contributions to our success during the year.
LEE Yin Yee, M.H.

29 March 2010 