Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to sincerely thank all our shareholders for their continued interest and unwavering support of China Medical System Holdings Limited (the Company or CMS ). As Chairman of the Board I am pleased to present the Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2010.

2010 was an important year and a significant milestone for the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ). During the year, we consolidated our strategies position as a marketing, promotion and sales service provider for prescription drugs in China. In September 2010, we successfully completed a transformation on the capital markets by transferring our listing platform from the Alternative Investment Market ( AIM ) in London to the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock 
Since listing in London in 2007, the Group has maintained continuous and stable growth, achieving a Compound Annual Growth Rate ( CAGR ) of 36.7% and 52.4% for turnover and net profit, respectively, over the four years from 2007 to 2010. We were able to maintain this growth as a result of our sensible and flexible business strategy. In 2010, the Group achieved revenue of US$132.2 million (2009: US$96.5 million), a 37.0% increase over 2009. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was US$30.6 million (2009: US$20.7 million), which represents an increase of 47.9% year-on-year. Basic earnings per share was US3.061 cents (2009: US2.186 cents after adjustment for the resolution of the shareholders passed on 25 June 2010 and effective on 28 June 2010, each issued and unissued share in the share capital of the Company of a par value of US$0.10 into 20 new shares of a par value of US$0.005 each).

The significant growth of the Group was achieved by our two well-defined, core business strategies - continuous introduction and development of products and sales network expansion.

In 2010, we introduced two new products - Bioflor and Exacin. During the year, we increased our efforts in product screening and engaged in discussions with domestic and international pharmaceutical enterprises over new products. In the past, our product introduction strategy focused primarily on products that were already being marketed in China - products which already had an import drug license or manufacturing license - which enabled us to generate sales as soon as we in- 
To increase the transparency in our product portfolio development and predictability and stability of our product development, the Group has considered three different product development strategies in products introduction in 2010.

Firstly, Rapid-growth products Strategy. The Group seeks products which are already available for sale in the China market and meet the selection criteria of CMS. This strategy has always been the pillar of our success, and the Group will continue to pursue this development strategy in the future.
Secondly, Long-term prospects product Strategy. Apart from products already available in the market, the Group will widen the product selection targets to those that require import drug license registration in China, which in turn will offer greater transparency in product development pipeline.
These products will guarantee the sustainability of our product development from 2013. As at the time of writing, we have signed agreements for three products requiring product registration in China. Going forward, we will continue to in-license such products.
Thirdly, Strategy for the permanent control marketing rights of products. In order to increase the stability of the product rights, aside from managing the agency rights of products through contracts, the Group will also consider paying an upfront or licensing fee to obtain the permanent product or marketing rights in China for products with great market potential. The Group already owns the product rights of CMS024 (Tyroseuleutide) in China, which is used in the treatment of liver cancer and has huge potential market value. It is planned that the Phase III clinical trial of CMS024 will be initiated in the first half of 2011, and assuming a smooth clinical trial process, the product can be marketed in 2013. This product is expected to have a great impact on the Group s performance from 
The rapid growth in the Chinese pharmaceutical market and the Group s strategy to select products from the global product pool lends us considerable advantages in product availability and sustainability. This in turn gives a strong boost to the Group s development.
In addition to continued product line expansion, we have increased investment in the academic promotion of our products. While maintaining the steady growth of our two flagship products Deanxit and Ursofalk, the Group has increased investment and effort in the promotional activity of new products introduced since 2007, with the prospect of minimizing the cultivation period and accelerating the development of new products. By doing so, the Group also reduced the reliance on our flagship products. For the year ended 31 December 2010, the sales turnover from our in-licensed products other than Deanxit and Ursofalk, contributed 31.7% of the sales turnover from total in- licensed products. As a result, turnover contributed from Deanxit and Ursofalk as a percentage of total turnover decreased to 66.7% in 2010 from 75.5% in 2009. These existing new products will become a major source of growth for the Group in the coming two to three years.

In addition to product enhancement, the Group has continued to expand our professional sales and promotion team, refining and enhancing the structure and management of our promotion network.
This year we recruited a large number of interns who are in the final year of their undergraduate or master s degree course in medicine or pharmacology. The elite from our internship programme are invited to join our team. We have refined our management system and extended our control in the sales network to improve its efficiency and drive in depth business development.
Besides from recruiting new staff to our network, the Group has continued to expand our geographic and hospital coverage. For the year ended 31 December 2010, our services reached over 7,100 hospitals. Our target doctors numbered over 120,000 with 44,000 of them having attended our drug promotion activities. These figures clearly reflected the progress that the Group has made in marketing and promoting our business during the year.
Hong Kong Listing 2010 was a milestone year for us as we transformed from a London-listed company to a Hong Kong-listed company. On 28 September 2010, we de-listed from the London AIM Board, on which the Group was floated three years ago, and successfully listed on the Main Board of HKEx. This move is significant for the development of the Group, and we believe that since our main business operations are in Mainland China, the Hong Kong listing is a positive step in raising the profile of 
Following our listing in Hong Kong, we have placed even greater emphasis on investor relations, and by enhancing our interaction and communication with shareholders, we have enabled more investors to comprehend and familiarise themselves with the Group s business model. Through different methods we have improved the Group s transparency and created channels for investors to communicate smoothly with the Group. At the same time, we have continued to refine our management structure, strengthen our management system and cost control, and thereby effectively enhancing operation efficiency.

The Board of Directors is pleased to recommend an final dividend of US1.3 cents per ordinary share of par value of US$0.005 (2009: US0.5 cents per ordinary share after adjustment for the resolutions of the shareholders passed on 25 June 2010 and effective on 28 June 2010, each issued and unissued share in the share capital of the Company of a par value of US$0.10 was sub-divided into 20 new shares of a par value of US$0.005 each) to shareholders whose names appear on the Registered of Members of the Company on Tuesday, 29 March 2011. As there was no interim dividend declared by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2010, the total divided for the year is US1.3 cents per ordinary share (2009: US1.0 cent per ordinary share after adjustment for the resolutions of the shareholders passed on 25 June 2010 and effective on 28 June 2010, each issued and unissued share in the share capital of the Company of a par value of US$0.10 was sub-divided into 20 new shares of a par value of US$0.005 each). The proposed final dividend will be paid on 4 April 2011 following approval at the Annual General Meeting ( AGM ). The register of members of the Company will be closed from 24 March 2011 to 29 March 2011 (both days inclusive) .

Going forward, the Group will persevere in pursuing two core strategies in business development- introduction and development of products and sales network expansion. In terms of product development we will strive to maintain the steady growth of existing products and continue to in- license competitive products, adding to the transparency and visibility of our product development.
In addition to maintaining the current long-term product agent strategy, the Group will also continue to explore acquisitions that will enable us to obtain the China market rights of products, thereby achieving more stable and sustainable product rights.
Regarding our network expansion, we will continue to recruit new staff, increase network coverage, establish new market segments, increase investment in network construction and improve flexibility in decision-making, to enhance market penetration.
In order to accelerate product introduction and network expansion, we will also consider mergers and acquisitions to achieve faster growth. We have set up a special working group to review acquisition opportunities in order to propel the Group s business to new heights.
2010 was a year of great significance for CMS, in which we achieved stable development, and through the Hong Kong listing secured a new and advantageous platform. We will continue to work hard, seize new opportunities and take practical measures in order to achieve even greater results! 
24 February 2011 