Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board (the Board ) of Directors (the Directors ) of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to announce the full-year audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the financial year ended 31 December 2015.
In comparison with 2014, the Group s turnover increased by about 5.5% to HK$11,460.3 million in 2015. The net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company from the continuing operation increased by about 55.0% to HK$2,113.1 million in 2015. Basic earnings per share (the Share ) were 53.88 HK cents, as compared with 34.78 HK cents last year.
We are pleased with the results achieved by the Group in 2015 and propose payment of a final dividend of 17.0 HK cents per Share upon approval by the shareholders (the Shareholders ) at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the Annual 
I present below an overview of the business of the Group during 2015 and key development highlights for the coming year.
THE PRC GLASS INDUSTRY IS VOLATILE AND UNDERGOING CONSOLIDATION The growth in the PRC economy has slowed down in 2015. The operating results of the construction glass and the float glass segments of the Group faced different, but equally difficult, operating environments. Nonetheless, the overseas sales of the Group s automobile glass recorded a stable growth in the year of 2015.
The highly competitive PRC energy-saving Low-E glass market in the construction industry has led to a slight increase in the revenue of the Group s construction glass segment. This performance was in line with the overall lackluster performance of the PRC property development market in 2015 amidst the relaxation of both the property and monetary policies in the PRC. The cancellation of the restrictions on the purchase of second house and the lowering of the People s Bank of China s Reserve Ratio Requirement ( RRR ) and lending interest rates have yet to significantly improve the market liquidity. Therefore, the momentum for the construction industry as a whole is still modest.
Due to the reduced demand from the construction glass industry in the PRC, the demand for float glass has also been adversely affected since the second quarter of 2014. The national supply of the float glass capacity in the PRC decreased around 3% in 2015 due to the strict environmental regulations on the new float glass production lines. At the same time, the decreases in the material and the energy costs have contributed to the improvement in the gross profit margin of the Group s float glass 
In light of the less favourable market conditions, the Group has proactively implemented aggressive marketing strategies for its automobile glass business, by introducing new products, such as sun roof, which are suitable for new car models as well as approaching new overseas customers for new business opportunities in order to maintain the sales volume of the Group s automobile glass products. Currently, the Group s automobile glass products are sold to more than 130 countries.

As a leader of the global glass industry, the Group has strengthened its leading position and enhanced its economies of scale through strategic and timely expansion of the production capacity for different types of glass products and the construction of new production complex with streamlined production process at different locations. The Group has also implemented a series of measures to enhance the control on the use of raw materials, the recycling of the principal raw materials and the use of solar power and residual heat to reduce the energy cost. To maintain its competitiveness, the Group has successfully developed and launched a wide range of high value-added glass products and adopted proactive pricing and aggressive marketing strategies for gaining additional market share under the supportive measures implemented under the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan of the PRC 
BETTER PRODUCTIVITY, TECHNOLOGY AND ECONOMIES OF SCALE TO IMPROVE PRODUCTION 
The Group s strength in operational management, combined with the continuous improvement in the production process and well-planned equipment maintenance programs, have enhanced its productivity and yield, which, in turn, have reduced the overall production cost and energy cost in 2015. The economies of scale have enabled significant cost savings in the production process and the fixed costs and increased the efficiency in fuel consumption. To further control the energy cost, the Group increases the use of apparatuses for clean energy, such as rooftop solar power systems and low-temperature recycling residual heat power co-generation systems.
Using natural gas as fuel for our high quality float glass production helps reduce the carbon emission level and improve the energy cost structure of the Group.
HIGH VALUE-ADDED DIVERSIFIED PRODUCT MIX ENHANCES OVERALL COMPETITIVENESS In 2015, revenue generated from the Group s automobile glass, construction glass and high-quality float glass businesses achieved a growth exceeding the market average. This performance demonstrates that the Group s combination of diversified business and high value-added product mix can alleviate the operational pressure within a volatile and competitive market 
The Group will continue to adopt flexible production arrangements and high-level automation to further improve the operational efficiency in order to maintain its leadership and competitiveness among the world s leading glass manufacturers.
The PRC government has continued to tighten the policy on the construction of new float glass production lines and phasing out the obsolete production lines by way of imposing stringent environmental protection standards on emissions. The Group is embarking on prudent and flexible strategies in response to the current float glass market conditions in the PRC. The current low international crude oil price mitigates the pressure on the increase in the natural gas prices in Guangdong Province. The two local natural gas price adjustments during April and November 2015 in the PRC have reduced the energy cost of the Group. The Group is optimistic that the float glass market will improve in the foreseeable future.
At the same time, the Directors are generally optimistic about the continuing good performance of the Group s automobile glass in the global market and the increase in sales in the energy saving and double-glazed Low-E glass segments in the future.

After years of expansion of the production facilities in the PRC, the Group is ready to explore overseas opportunities which can provide an attractive market environment, lower the production and energy cost, and lower the tax rates and other incentive programs. The construction of a glass production complex in Malaysia is the first overseas project pursued by the Group, the operation of which will benefit the future growth of the Group in the region.
The Group is constructing one high quality float glass production line and one Low-E coating glass production line for the first phase of the project in Malacca, Malaysia. The new plant can enable the Group to better serve the ASEAN-based customers through the benefits of preferential import duty, appropriate pricing strategy as well as the short transportation distance. The Group is also building its first wind farm project in Anhui Province, the PRC in order to capture the growth potential presented by the PRC policy on encouraging the use of clean and renewable energy.
The Group will continue to ensure that adequate resources will be allocated to product research and development, enhancing product quality, boosting production efficiency and staff training in order to maintain its competitiveness and boost its profit 
The Group will continue to tackle the challenges amidst a slowdown in the economic growth in the PRC by optimising its efficiency and bolstering its profitability through effective management and continued collaboration with its customers. The Directors believe that these strategies enable the Group to maximise the benefits from the emerging business opportunities.
The Directors are also optimistic about the Group s long-term business development prospects. The Group is also adopting proven business strategies to sustain and strengthen its growth. In order to maintain its leading position, the Group is exploring expanding its presence in the global glass market across a wide spectrum of industries, applications and products as well as pursuing other opportunities for business cooperation.
Datuk LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.

15 March 2016 