Chairman s Statement 
I would like to sincerely thank all of our shareholders for their unwavering support of China Medical System Holdings Limited (the Company or CMS ). On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to present the Annual Report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2012 (the Reporting Period ).

The Chinese pharmaceutical market remained complex and volatile in 2012. During the first half of 2012, the Chinese pharmaceutical market was consistently suppressed due to sluggish global economic growth and the Chinese government regulatory policies on the pharmaceutical industry. However, as the global economy starting to rebound since the second half of 2012, the Chinese government continued to increase investment in the Chinese pharmaceutical market and released industry support policies, leading the Chinese pharmaceutical market to pick up gradually. Despite the volatile market conditions, with the in-depth understanding of the Chinese pharmaceutical market, firm implementation of the two core development strategies the continuous introduction and development of products and expansion of promotion and sales network, as well as the unique product portfolio and excellent market execution abilities, the Group still achieved satisfactory growth. During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded turnover of US$281.9 million (2011: US$210.4 million), representing an increase of 34.0% over the same period of last year, while profit for the period reached US$85.1million (2011: US$62.4 million), up 36.5% from the corresponding year of last year. Basic earnings per share was US3.522 cents (2011: US2.624 cents), representing an increase of 34.2% over the same period of last year.
The Group achieved stable growth mainly due to the continuous establishment and effective implementation of its market and product development strategies in line with the development of the Chinese pharmaceutical market during the Reporting Period. The continuing expansion of the Group s marketing and promotion network, the strengthened network penetration and hospital coverage, and the refinement of market management for the Agency Promotion Model and products, improved the growth in sales volume of the Group s major products.
Product Introduction and Development During the Reporting Period, the Group continued its efforts in product branding and expert network expansion for the products under the Direct Academic Promotion Network (the Direct Network ), by organizing over 1,000 academic activities at various levels to explore new applications for the products together with doctors who make prescriptions and by constantly enhancing the penetration of the products in the traditional departments at hospitals, as well as improving development of hospital coverage to expand the coverage of the products in the market. For products under the Agency Promotion Network (the Agency Network ), the Group continued to enhance and refine the management to agents, paid close attention to tendering and pricing of its products, and fully utilized the business advantages of the agents in various regions. Meanwhile, for products with certain professional academic requirements, the Group also combined its academic promotion experiences to enhance academic supports for the Agency Network.

While maintaining steady revenue growth from its flagship products and potential products, the Group also continued to screen and to introduce suitable products. In product introduction, the Group combined the characteristics of both Direct and Agency Networks to select products with academic differentiations as well as competitive market edges. In terms of the methods used for product introduction, the Group has enhanced the stability and controllability requirements of products at the product introduction stage. Aside from employing the original product agency method to in-license products, the Group also enhanced its bargaining power over controlling rights of the products. Regardless of the type of cooperation, the Group aims at long- term cooperation with manufacturers to ensure stable and long-term development of products in the Chinese market. During the Reporting Period, the Group successfully signed five new products. In August 2012, the Group signed an agreement with Beijing Yadong Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd to purchase the exclusive sales rights of its three Traditional Chinese Medicine ( TCM ) - Yin Lian Qing Gan Ke Li, Xiang Fu Yi Xue Kou Fu Ye, Ma Jiang Jiao Nang - in China for 20 years. These three products will be sold exclusively in the Chinese market through the Group s Agency Network, which is the second batch of products introduced with the controlling product rights after XiDaKang (Protein Hydrolysate Oral SolutionOral Protein Hydrolysate) of the Group. In December 2012, the Group successfully signed an agreement with Vifor Pharma for the exclusive sales and distribution of Maltofer and Uro-Vaxom in China. Although this is a product agency agreement, the agency period (which starts upon the dates on which the products are granted import drug license registration in China) is for 10 years and shall be automatically extended for a further 5 years if the appointed sales targets are achieved. This long-term agreement is a new attempt for the Group to in-license products by using of the product agency method, and will also be one of the key considerations of the Group to introduce future products under the product agency method. Since the above two products are strong in their academic nature, they will be sold through the Group s Direct Network. In addition to Maltofer and Uro-Vaxom , which require import drug license registration in China, the Group has three other products undergoing import drug license registration.
Moreover, the Group has a National Class One New Drug with independent intellectual property rights - Tyroseuleutide (CMS024), a polypeptide drug used to treat primary liver cancer. Phase III clinical study for this drug, entitled A Randomized, Double Blinded, Placebo Controlled, Multicenter Phase III Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Tyroseuleutide for Injection in the Patients with Hepatocellular Carcinoma , is progressing smoothly at over 20 hospitals in China. As at the 31 December 2012, the Group has already received 381 informed consent forms ( ICF ) and successfully enrolled 176 subjects, exceeding half of the planned 300 subjects. Meanwhile, the construction of the new production plant for Tyroseuleutide, located in the new region of Pingshan, Shenzhen, China, is also in progress, and the principal part of the construction project for the manufacturing facility commenced during the Reporting Period.

During the Reporting Period, the Group constantly strived to develop its marketing and promotion network.
The enhancement of hospital penetration and market coverage were still the key focuses of the Group s development. Aside from the existing hospitals, the Group also continued to facilitate the expansion of its marketing and promotion network to the rural market to actively generate prescriptions at Tier-2 hospitals and lower tier hospitals during the Reporting Period.

Although the Group has relatively broad coverage in its Direct Network, there is still much room for development, especially in the rural market. The Group will seize opportunities from the Chinese government supports for the rural pharmaceutical market (including county and prefecture-level markets) and actively expand the Group s Direct Network to the rural pharmaceutical market to expand effective coverage in these remote regional markets. As such, the Group has facilitated the expansion of its staff in the Direct Network.
Meanwhile, in order to ensure effective market segmentation and network expansion to the rural market, the Group adjusted the organization structure of the Direct Network during the Reporting Period. By designating several sales regions within the national sales market and refining the original sales regions to build a well defined, more hierarchical and clearer regional sales management structure, it is aimed at complementing the regions system building and policy requirements, enhancing its business execution and effective policy 
For the Agency Network, the Group continued to enhance the business control and refinement of operations of the network. Based on the existing Agency Promotion Model, the Group gradually implemented an agency selection system with the purpose of promoting hospital coverage, optimising the quality of agents while fully utilizing the agents superior resources at certain specific hospitals to sell products. As for the management and control of the Agency Network, the Group further refined the information management system according to actual business requirements of the Agency Network and gradually completed data management of the Agency Network and its products to increase the transparency and the management control to establish a foundation to achieve the linking of the two marketing and promotion networks on the management platform, which is the integration of management between the Group s two marketing and promotion networks.
Moreover, for the products under the Agency Network with certain professional academic requirements (like XiDaKang), the Group combined its experiences in direct academic promotion to conduct academic activities (e.g. clinical studies at hospitals), and gradually enhanced the professional academic position of these products in the Agency Network, as well as guiding the academic promotion work to agents.

The Company has paid an interim dividend of US 0.645 cent (equivalent to HK$0.05) per ordinary share of the Company (the Share ) for the six months ended 30 June 2012. The Board is delighted to recommend a final dividend of US 0.774 cent (equivalent to HK$0.06) per Share for the year ended 31 December 2012 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on Thursday, 2 May 2013 (the Record Date ). The register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 30 April 2013 to Thursday, 2 May 2013 (both days inclusive). Payment of such final dividend in Hong Kong dollars is expected to be made to the shareholders on Friday, 10 May 2013 after the shareholders approval at the Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) of the Company dated on Wednesday, 24 April 2013.

Outlook and Future Development We believe that premium products which are suitable for market development is the soul of the Group s development. By establishing a rich and balanced product portfolio with certain competitive advantages is one of the crucial foundations for the Group to achieve sustainable and stable development in the Chinese market. Meanwhile, a marketing and promotion network, characterized by wide coverage, strong professional abilities, broad-based cooperation, strict management and stability, is the basis of the Group s development. The effective integration and balanced development of products and network form the Group s core competitiveness to achieve sustainable growth.
Going forward, the Group will continue to focus on marketing and promoting premium prescription drugs in the Chinese market, creating value for doctors, patients and professional pharmaceutical companies from all over the world by means of professional promotion. The Group will also continue to firmly implement its two core development strategies - the introduction and development of products as well as the expansion of the marketing and promotion network.
For the existing products under the Group s Direct Network, the Group will cover more hospitals and increase the usage of the products in different departments, by considering the different stages of development and market characteristics of each product so as to further explore the products market potential. At the same time, the Group will continue to examine the development of products in the rural market. For the products under Agency Network which need degree of academic promotion to support better development, such as XiDaKang, the Group will constantly explore and complete a new Agency Promotion Model to combine the professional academic promotion and investment agency into one under the existing Agency Promotion Model. This model will be driven by academic and market demand. Through better academic positioning and market segmentation of the products to explore suitable agents, and by strengthening requirements for academic training and promotion behaviors of the agents, to help agents enhance the implementation of academic promotions, as well as to establish a favorable academic environment for better product development together with agents. Meanwhile, along with the continued expansion and the refinement of the management of the Group s two marketing and promotion networks, the Group will take advantage of the two marketing and promotion networks to further realize the complementary advantages of the promotion and sales of certain products.
In addition to developing markets for existing products, the Group will continue to boost efforts to introduce new products and to select suitable and premium products based on the different characteristics of the two marketing and promotion networks. In new product introduction, the Group will continuously strengthen its efforts to acquire more stabilized products rights. Aside from paying upfront payment or controlling equity shares, the Group will also actively discuss other long-term cooperation models with suppliers, and to explore win-win situation. Meanwhile, in order to strengthen the stability of the product rights, the Group has started to explore the possibility of controlling products upstream in order to acquire more stabilized product rights and greater benefits.

For network development, the Group will continue to commit to the in-depth development of its marketing and promotion network to speed up expansion in the rural market. The Group will also continue to commit more efforts to recruit sales staff so as to lay a solid network foundation for the penetration in the rural market and new product introduction forthcoming. At the same time, the Group will also strengthen the professional training for sales staff, and improve incentive mechanisms and career plans so as to provide broader prospects for their career development within the Group.
To enlighten the responsibility to shareholders, the Group will continue to strengthen and improve its internal management and control, as well as to enhance the supervision of product quality, to better serve the 
In future, the Board will continue to pay close attention to changes in the Chinese pharmaceutical market, to firmly grasp and seize opportunities from the development in the Chinese pharmaceutical market, and to combine the Group s advantages in development to achieve better performance in the Chinese market and to create greater value for the Group s shareholders and the community.

19 March 2013 