Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board (the Board ) of Directors (the Directors ) of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to announce the full-year audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the financial year ended 31 December 2013.
In comparison with 2012, the Group s turnover increased by about 20.4% to HK$11,782.4 million in 2013. The net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased substantially by about 196.4% to HK$3,521.9 million in 2013. Basic earnings per share (the Share ) of the Company were 91.91 HK cents, as compared with 31.72 HK cents last year.
We are pleased with the results achieved by the Group in 2013 and therefore propose payment of a final dividend of 14.0 HK cents per Share upon approval by the shareholders (the Shareholders ) at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the Annual General Meeting ).
I present below an overview of the business of the Group during 2013 and key development highlights for the coming year.
OPPORTUNITES IN THE GLASS MARKET In 2013, even though the economy in the PRC expanded at a relatively slow pace, the four business segments of the Group continued to grow significantly because of the enhanced competitive advantages of the Group. The business of the Group in the PRC recorded strong growth. Following the industry consolidation in the traditional slow season for float glass during the first quarter in 2013, the demand for the Group s float glass products increased with the average selling prices for high quality float glass products rebounding significantly during the second and the third quarter of 2013. The float glass division of the Group enjoyed solid growth in sales volume principally due to the additional production capacity at the Tianjin production complex and its diversified product offerings which have been well received by the customers of the Group.
In the construction glass segment, the sales of the Group have also recorded rapid growth due to the increasing demand for energy-saving Low-E glass in the construction industry in the PRC. The related production capacity of the Group s production complexes in Wuhu and Tianjin have also increased.
Although the European debt crisis hindered the recovery of the local economies amongst the European countries, and the European Union had imposed anti-dumping duties on the solar module and solar glass imported from the PRC, there has been remarkable growth in the global annual demand of solar product of more than 10% in the last few years, reaching 16.9% in 2013. The high growth markets are the PRC, Japan and North America because of the favourable policies highlighted by solar power-related incentives. The solar glass business segment recorded significant increase in the sales volume after the industry consolidation in 2012 with more than 90% of the world s solar glass manufactured in China.
The automobile glass division implemented flexible and proactive marketing and pricing strategies to further penetrate many overseas markets to increase its sales volume. Currently, the Group sells its glass products to more than 130 countries.
As a leader in the global glass industry, the Group has strengthened its market leading position through the large-scale production activities with strategic and appropriate expansion of the production capacity and the construction of new production complexes equipped with more efficient production and logistics process. The Group has also implemented a series of enhanced controls on the raw material consumption, the recycling of the principal raw materials and the enhanced production scheduling so as to reduce excessive accumulation of inventory. To help boost the sales, the Group has successfully developed and launched a wide range of high value-added glass products and adopted flexible pricing and marketing strategies to take advantage of the supportive measures implemented under the Twelfth Five-Year Plan by the PRC government.

All of these factors contributed to the 20.4% increase in the sales revenue of the Group to HK$11,782.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2013, as compared with the sales revenue of HK$9,785.2 million in 2012.
BETTER PRODUCTIVITY, TECHNOLOGY AND ECONOMIES OF SCALE TO REDUCE PRODUCTION 
The Group s solid experience in operational management combined with the continuous improvement in the production process have enhanced its productivity and yield, which has reduced the overall production and energy costs. The Group s advantage in economies of scale helps it to reduce the raw material costs, the average fuel consumption rate and the fixed costs. To further control the production costs, the Group is using environmental-friendly and clean energy, such as rooftop solar power systems and a low temperature recycling residual heat power co-generation system. These measures have reduced the adverse impact of the recent PRC natural gas price reforms (excluding Guangdong Province which uses LNG) and other potential cost pressures on the gross profit margin of the Group in the future.
Since the end of 2011, all of the Group s high-quality float glass and solar glass production lines have been using environmental- friendly and more cost effective natural gas as fuel. All of the above appliances reduce the carbon emission level while optimising the energy cost structure of the Group.
HIGH VALUE-ADDED DIVERSIFIED PRODUCT MIX ENHANCES OVERALL COMPETITIVENESS In 2013, the revenue generated from the Group s automobile glass, construction glass, high-quality float glass and solar glass businesses achieved strong growth. This strong performance demonstrates that the Group s diversified businesses and high value-added product mix can reduce cost pressure and the intense competition within individual business segments.
Meanwhile the Group s strategic expansion plan to establish its production complexes in the five major advanced economic zones in China the Pearl River Delta, the Yangtze River Delta, the Bohai Economic Rim, Northeastern China and Chengdu- Chongqing Economic Zone is in progress. This strategy is expected to further enhance both the Group s overall competitiveness to cope with the challenges ahead and better market coverage in PRC.
INCREASING PRODUCTION CAPACITY TO CAPTURE THE NEW PRC MARKET TREND The Board is optimistic about the prospects of the glass market in the PRC. Thus the Group plans to boost the production capacity of the automobile glass manufacturing facilities by 10.1% from 14.4 million pieces to 15.8 million pieces while that of energy-saving Low-E glass will be increased by 40.0% to 28.0 million sq. m. in 2014 in order to fulfil the strong market demand.
At the same time, the float glass annual production capacity is expected to rise from 3,522,000 daily melting tonnes to 4,483,000 daily melting tonnes with the commencements of the Yingkou operations in early 2014 and Deyang operations in the second half of 2014 respectively. An estimated capital expenditure of HK$2.2 billion is to be incurred in 2014 subject to periodic re- assessment reflecting the actual progress of the building and equipment installation of each project.
The second ultra-thin electronic glass production line will be built at the Wuhu production complex in 2014.

The Group will continue to strengthen its production management and improve operational efficiency in order to remain competitive amongst the world s leading glass manufacturers against the uncertainties involved in the global economies.
With reduced increment of the new float glass capacity expected in the PRC industry in the coming years, the prospects of the float glass industry and the selling price trends in the PRC are more optimistic. At the same time, the expanded applications of energy-saving Low-E glass in the PRC market are expected to result in a greater demand for float glass and construction glass in the near future.
The enhanced efforts in the North America market, the business alliance with auto insurance companies in Greater China and proactive strategies in penetrating the overseas markets will continue to provide growth momentum in the automobile glass business. In January 2014, the Group renewed the agreement for the supply of replacement automobile glass with one of the leading automobile glass manufacturers in North America. The Directors expect that this transaction will further accelerate the growth of the Group s automobile glass business in the very near future.
The Group intends to allocate additional resources to research and development of new glass products, enhance product quality and further bolster its production efficiency in order to maintain its competitiveness and raise its profit margin.
The Group continues to tackle challenges amidst the uncertain economic environment and optimise its competitive advantages so as to improve the profit margin through effective management and continued collaboration with its customers. The Directors believe that all of these strategies enable the Group to reap the benefits from any emerging business opportunities. The Directors remain confident about the Group s business prospects with these proven business strategies in place to sustain and strengthen growth momentum. To maintain its industry leading position, the Group is striving to expand its presence in the global glass market across a wide spectrum of industries.

The Group will continue to tackle the challenges amidst uncertain economic environment and optimise its efficiency and profit margin through effective leadership and the continued support of its customers. The Directors believe that this strategy will enable the Group to reap the benefit from any emerging business opportunities. The Directors are confident on the Group s prospects and will continue to adopt proven business strategies to maintain and strengthen the growth momentum of the Group. To maintain its industry leading position, the Group is striving to continue efforts to expand its presence in the global glass market across a wide spectrum of industries.
LEE Yin Yee, M.H.

26 February 2014 