Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board (the Board ) of Directors (the Directors ) of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to announce the full-year audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the financial year ended 31 December 2011.
In comparison with 2010, our Group s turnover rose by about 29.3% to approximately HK$8,226.7 million in 2011. Our net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company decreased by around 19.5%, to approximately HK$1,264.9 million in 2011.
Basic earnings per Share were 35.15 HK cents, compared with 44.43 HK cents last year.
We are highly pleased with the results achieved by the Group and therefore propose payment of a final dividend of 5.0 HK cents per Share upon approval at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.
I present below an overview of the business of the Group during 2011 and key development highlights for the coming year.
A COMBINATION OF OPPORTUNITES AND CHALLENGES IN 2011 In 2011, the business segments of the Group grew at different pace and overseas sales as well as PRC domestic sales of the Group recorded satisfactory growth. The high quality float glass and the solar glass businesses enjoyed a satisfactory increase in sales bolstered by the newly added production capacity in the Jiangmen, Wuhu and Tianjin production complexes. The Group s sales of aftermarket automobile glass to overseas markets increased significantly with the new production capacity added in its Shenzhen production complex, which increase the market share of the Group in selected countries. With the increased demand for energy saving Low-E glass in the PRC, the Group s construction glass business also recorded satisfactory growth with the additional production capacity of its Wuhu production complex. All of these factors to enable the Group to achieve a remarkable increase in its sales by 29.3% to HK$8,226.7 million in 2011.
In 2011, even though the economy in the PRC continued to grow rapidly, the float glass market was volatile with price competition intensified. The inflation in the PRC, along with additional float glass production capacity launched by other glass manufacturers in the PRC, presented escalating cost pressure in raw materials and production. Moreover, the tightening monetary policies in the PRC have slowed down the demand for float glass while increasing gross margin pressures by varying magnitudes and resulted in the fluctuations in the selling price of float glass.
Nevertheless, the Group managed to be a leader in the global glass industry by boosting its economies of scale. This was accomplished through strategic planning to expand the production capacity and accelerating the strategic construction of production complexes with improving production technique and workflow. The Group also implemented better controls on raw materials consumption and the inventory levels. On increasing the sales, the Group has developed a wide range of high value- added glass products and adopted flexible pricing strategies to take advantage of the industry supportive measures implemented by the PRC government.

FLEXIBLE SALES STRATEGIES TO INCREASE MARKET SHARE IN THE GLOBAL ECONOMY By the conclusion of the second round of quantitative easing policy, the US is facing the risk of heavy national debt level. The European financial and debt crisis and the unstable geopolitical environment in the Middle East have led to a totally different global economic landscape. The Group proactively implements flexible sales and production strategies to explore new overseas markets and expands its market share. As a result, the Group s overseas sales increased by 34.0%, as compared with the same in 2010, to approximately HK$2,859.1 million.
ENHANCED PRODUCTIVITY AND ECONOMIES OF SCALE TO MITIGATE THE COST PRESSURE By the end of 2011, all of the Group s high quality float glass and solar glass production lines were using cleaner and more cost effective natural gas as fuel.
The Group s strong experience in operations management combined with the improvements in production procedures enhance its productivity and yield rates to reduce the overall production and energy costs. The Group s daily production capacity of high quality float glass increased from 4,700 daily melting tonnes at the end of 2010 to 8,100 daily melting tonnes by the end of 2011. The economies of scale have enhanced the Group s purchasing power, and reduced the average fuel consumption rate and the fixed cost, thus reducing the impact of any potential cost pressure on the gross profit margin in the future.
Furthermore, the Group has installed an environmentally friendly low temperature recycling residual heat power co-generation system at its Dongguan, Jiangmen and Wuhu production complexes. The Group is also installing this system at the new production complexes to reduce carbon emissions and production cost structure.
SUSPENSION OF THE PROPOSED SPIN-OFF OF THE SOLAR GLASS BUSINESS Due to the volatility in the global capital markets and the prolonged adverse impact of the financial debt crisis in Europe on the global solar energy industry, including the global solar glass segment, uncertainties remained in the fourth quarter of 2011. The Group therefore decided to postpone the proposed spin-off to a later date. The Board believes that this decision was in the interest of the shareholders.
The commercial operation of a solar glass production line in Dongguan and another solar glass production line in Wuhu with an aggregate 800 daily melting tonnes has ceased operations for maintenance purpose pending improvement in the market condition.
DIVERSIFIED AND HIGH VALUE-ADDED PRODUCT MIX ENHANCED THE OVERALL 
In 2011, the revenue generated from the Group s automobile glass, construction glass, high quality float glass and solar glass businesses achieved satisfactory growth. This performance demonstrates that the Group s diversified business and high value- added product mix can mitigate the impact of myriad risks on revenue and profit. Also, the Group s strategic plan for its production complexes in the three major advanced economic zones in China - the Pearl River Delta, the Yangtze River Delta and the Bohai Economic Rim, is in progress. This strategy is expected to further enhance the Group s overall competitiveness in response to the 
OPERATIONAL OUTLOOK FOR 2012 The Group will continue to strengthen its operational efficiency in order to remain competitive agmonst the world s leading glass manufacturers in light of the unfavourable global economic condition.
Demand and price volatility is expected to continue in the float glass market in the near future. Nevertheless, the PRC s national affordable housing scheme and the increased application of energy saving Low-E glass may increase the demand for float glass in the near future. Besides, the management is more optimistic about the automobile glass export business this coming year.
Under the Twelfth Five-year Plan, the PRC government encourages the use of renewal energy. Thus more solar energy panels are expected to be installed in China in the future. The decreasing cost of installing and production of solar panels will also spur the demand for solar related products.
The Group will continue its efforts to strengthen the research and development capability aimed at developing new products, enhancing product quality and boosting production efficiency and profit margin.
The Group is constructing an ultra-thin electronic glass production line in Wuhu to capture the demand from the growing market for high technology electronic products. These new high technology glass products are expected to become another future growth driver for the Group.

The Group has proactively and aggressively tackled challenges in a variety of business environments and has optimised our performance with the support of our staff and customers, consequently reaping benefits from opportunities that have arisen as the global economy revives. We remain optimistic about our future development and will continue to adhere to business strategies that have proven to be highly successful. Striving to maintain our leading position, we will continue our efforts to enable the Group to further expand its presence in the worldwide glass market.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank fellow Board members for their continuous and strong support during the review year. I would also like to thank our senior management team and our staff, as well as business partners and customers for their valuable contributions to our success during the year under review.
LEE Yin Yee, M.H.

27 February 2012 