Chairman s Statement 
This is the fifth year since China Medical System Holdings Limited (the Company or CMS ) listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited ( HKEx ). On behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company, I would like to sincerely thank all of our shareholders for their unwavering support in the past four years, and to present the Annual Report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2015 (the 
Stable operation and sustainable development In 2015, the Group maintained stable operations. While optimizing its internal governance, the Group continued and developed its two core promotion models: the direct academic oriented promotion model and the agency promotion model. The Group never ceased adjusting the structure and consolidating the innovation mechanism of its marketing and promotion network, so as to strengthen the strategic layout of its network coverage.
During the reporting period, the Group deepened the strategic transformation of product introductions. Through assets purchases and equity cooperation, it obtained the assets and market rights of several new product types, thereby not only enriching the existing product mix, but also laying the foundation for its stable growth. Furthermore, the Group for the first time attempted to extend the assets of new product types from product types that are already on the market to products which are in the final stage of research and development, thereby expanding the Group s screening range of products it introduces and develops. The Group will remain focused on introducing products of good quality and creating value for shareholders.
While never ceasing to optimize its internal governance, the Group further enhanced the profitability of the enterprise, in addition to continue advancing the marketing and promotion network structure and innovation mechanism. In addition, the Group focused on the constructive interaction between the enterprise and the individual and on the positive feedback from society. For years, the Group has taken its corporate social responsibility very seriously and has considered it its duty to thoroughly execute its corporate social responsibility in its corporate governance and its operations. I am pleased to announce that, for the first time, the Group is releasing its social responsibility report with its annual report. The report mainly covers (i) its commitment to implement strict quality management from product manufacturing to product sales; (ii) the delivery of effective drugs to those who need them through professional academic promotions; and (iii) the responsibilities that the Group has undertaken towards the employees, the society and the environment so as to advance long-term, stable and sustainable growth.

Being prudent and seeking opportunities in crises 2015 was a memorable year for the Chinese and the global economy. During the year, the global economic structure was rebuilt on account of such factors as the US Fed s interest rate hike and the looming debt crisis in emerging markets. Domestically, the declining GDP growth and the major fluctuations in the stock markets created a series of chain reactions, which resulted in the structural adjustment of the domestic macro-economy. As for the global pharmaceutical industry, mergers and acquisitions had become a worldwide trend. For Chinese pharmaceutical enterprises, in the wake of the deepening of the medical reforms within the year, all pharmaceutical enterprises were facing price pressures in tendering, while policies such as medical insurance control and secondary price negotiations for drug purchases made clear to all that the Chinese pharmaceutical industry had entered a winter period .
It was the worst of times, and also the best of times. Affected by the domestic and international economic situation and policy environment, the Group has upheld the attitude and strategy of adapting timely, reacting calmly, adjusting vigorously and seeking opportunities in crises. The Group brought into full play its edge as a local growth enterprise and combined its perspective of international development with pragmatic and innovative attitudes, with prudence and with seeking opportunities in crises.
As a local growth enterprise, the Group has all along been committed to the Chinese pharmaceutical market for more than two decades since its establishment, and has a full understanding and grasp of the Chinese pharmaceutical market. Since 2013, China has surpassed Japan and Germany as the world s second-largest pharmaceutical market, after the United States 1 . In such an important market, based on its thorough understanding of the market, the Group can timely adjust its internal management mode and business structure in line with changes in the local market and policy. Following the direction of the market and adapting to market changes has allowed the Group to maintain stable 
Since its founding, the Group has upheld its international vision to introduce excellent overseas product types into the Chinese market. Through years of practical experience, the Group has fostered an experienced and professional team. With its experienced understanding of the international market and its knowledge of the product characteristics, the Group has seized opportunities and successfully introduced several excellent products (already launched or soon to-be-launched) with a clear efficacy and with market potential, thereby increasing the Group s profits. In addition, benefiting from its rich experience of successfully cooperating with foreign enterprises, in the process of product searching, screening and introduction, up to the undersigning of the agreements to smoothly take over and transition, the Group has always maintained good communications with overseas pharmaceuticals with professional and pragmatic attitude to ensure that the introduced products continue their stable growth. On 26 February, 2016 (London time), the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with AstraZeneca Group for its product Plendil and an asset purchase agreement for its product Imdur. Bringing in these two major products is an important realization of the Group s strategy to constantly introduce quality products, and carries significant meaning for the Company in the optimization of its product structure, the enhancement of its profitability and its long-term development.

As a highly profitable pharmaceutical company, the Group always upholds a rigorous and pragmatic attitude, considering the maximization of shareholders interest as its lasting goal. To cope with the impact of the current complex economic situation and policies, both domestically and abroad, the Group has kept weeding out the old to make room for the new in terms of its operations, products and marketing model. For its business operations, the Group has a professional and effective managing team as well as an advanced management system, benefitting from economies of scale through managing meticulously. In addition, the Group timely adjusts its organizational structure according to the changes in market trends, and generates vitality through improvements and innovations to its management system. In terms of products, the Group insists on introducing drugs of good quality; it continually innovates its model for introducing new products so as to have sufficient products in reserve for future development.
The Group also has the capability of proprietary innovation, owning the proprietary intellectual property of Tyroserleutide (CMS024) which is a National Class One New Drug, currently in the process of a phase b! clinical trial.
In terms of marketing model, the Group is hoping to better play up its market resources through the effective merger of two networks, apart from the two existing models of direct academically oriented promotion and agency promotion, the Group combined the characteristics of product development while facing a severe situation, the Group still actively explored multi-channel marketing models such as retail , as well as attempting the marketing mode of combining direct oriented promotion model with agency promotion model . In addition, the Group is giving much consideration to how to combine the new trends in drug development in the current Internet+ era to better play up the edge that the Group has in terms of network and product types. In doing so, a new way of growth is created for the Group.
Have being engaged in the industry for two decades, our original mind has never changed. In the last two decades, the Group has all along maintained the guiding principle of being responsible for the society and shareholders. It has worked hard for the dual goals of maximizing national health and the shareholders interests. In its corporate governance, it has consistently implemented these goals and targets with concrete actions. The group will continue its efforts to create greater value for shareholders, for society and for human health.

21 March 2016 