Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to announce the full-year audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the financial year ended 31 December 2007.
In comparison with 2006, our Group s turnover grew significantly, up by approximately 43.5% to roughly HK$2,774.6 million in 2007. Our net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company also showed remarkable growth, by around 72.8%, to approximately HK$670.9 million in 2007. Basic earnings per share were 41.1 HK cents, compared with 24.6 HK cents last year.
We are highly pleased with the results achieved by the Group and therefore propose payment of a final dividend of 10.0 HK cents per ordinary share upon approval at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.
I present below an overview of the business of the Group during 2007 and key development highlights for the coming year.
A YEAR OF CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES During the year, all our different business segments reported strong growth, with automobile glass and float glass business spearheading the lead. Turnover from the automobile glass business grew by approximately 39.7% to around HK$1,716.8 million, which accounted for roughly 61.9% of the Group s total turnover. This was mainly attributed to a substantial increase in sales of automobile glass products to overseas markets, such as North America and Europe. The float glass business turnover grew significantly by approximately 139.0% to the region of HK$491.9 million which accounted for roughly 17.7% of the Group s total turnover. Such strong demand was largely driven by overseas and South China markets, as well as an increase in our float glass capacity. The gross profit margin rose from approximately 36.2% to around 38.6% while the net profit margin climbed from roughly 20.1% to approximately 24.2%.
2007 was a year of challenges. The industry faced difficulties arising from the Renminbi s appreciation, reduction of export tax rebate, weakening of the US economy, and escalating fuel and raw material costs. The Group nevertheless achieved remarkable growth by leveraging economies of scale and flexible management strategies.
APPRECIATION OF RENMINBI INCREASE IN CHINA SALES RATIO Although the Renminbi appreciated by approximately 6.0% in 2007, our Group derived approximately 43.6% of its Renminbi from local income to settle such expenses. Other foreign currency incomes were mainly used to settle expenses where such costs were handled using the US dollar, Euro or Hong Kong dollar. By using the Hong Kong dollar as the reporting and functional currency in our consolidated financial statements, this natural hedging arrangement allowed us to minimize foreign exchange risk. Accordingly, our Group managed to achieve solid growth despite appreciation of the Renminbi which commenced in July 
REDUCTION OF EXPORT TAX REBATE, WEAKENING OF US ECONOMY, EXPLORATION OF EXPORT 
In July 2007, China reduced its export tax rebate on all glass products to 5.0%. All sectors of the glass industry were affected by this new tax policy. Consequently, with the support of our overseas customers, our Group increased the selling price of all export glass products. Overseas revenue duly increased by approximately 47.9% in 2007 with overall gross margin increasing to roughly 38.6%. This underlined our Group s ability to overcome the obstacle posed by the export tax rebate reduction.
The US economy was weakened by the sub-prime rate issue which began last year; significantly impacting on the housing and new car markets. However, as our automobile glass sales to North America are aimed at the aftermarket sector, serving the purpose of replacement due to breakage by daily driving, the weakened economy had minimal impact on our business. Sales in North America actually grew by approximately 28.1% during the year.
The Group continues to explore other overseas markets. In 2007, our revenue generated from the European market increased by approximately 132.1% to roughly HK$286.7 million. Other overseas markets also increased by around 57.6% to approximately 
IMPROVED PRODUCTIVITY AND ECONOMIES OF SCALE HELP TO MITIGATE ENERGY AND MATERIAL COST PRESSURES Since the fourth quarter of 2007, the selling price of heavy oil the fuel for float glass production, and soda ash , a key raw material, have risen appreciably in price. However, with our strong experience in operations management combined with improvements in production flow, the Group enhanced its productivity and yield rate to combat the overall production and energy cost rises. The Group s float glass capacity duly increased from 1,200 daily melting tons achieved early in the year to 2,600 daily melting tons by year end. The new ultra clear glass production line also provided the Group with additional capacity of 300 melting tons per day. This increase in economies of scale enhanced the Group s purchasing power, decreased the average heavy oil consumption rate and reduced the fixed cost per unit.
EXPANDED SHAREHOLDER BASE AND STRENGTHENED INFRASTRUCTURE In September 2007, the Group placed 128,372,960 new ordinary shares on the market to broaden our shareholders base. This further improved our ordinary share liquidity in the equity market. Proceeds of approximately HK$1,324.8 million earned from the placement were partly used to acquire 100% shareholding of Shenzhen CS Automobile Glass Company Limited , the third largest automobile glass exporter in China. Remaining funds were directed towards financing the second phase of our float glass facilities in Dongguan, purchasing low-emission coating glass equipment, and to strengthen the Group s cash position.

OUTLOOK FOR 2008 In the coming year, we will continue to strengthen our operations management capabilities, thus fully armed to tackle new challenges ahead. Observing China s economic policies and new construction energy saving standard, we will look towards establishing new production complexes in the Pearl River Delta and Yangtze River Delta regions. As well, we will mainly develop environmental friendly and energy efficient glass products to meet the strong market demand for low-emission coating glass and double glazing insulated glass that is expected.
Ultra clear glass, which is mainly used for photovoltaic power systems, successfully commenced commercial production in January 2008, earning strong support from the market. The development of this renewable energy related product will be our main focus in the future.
From 2008, the Group expects more than 50% of our total revenue will be derived from China. Revenue will be collected in major international currencies based on different economic zones. This can thereby minimize foreign exchange risk from US 
The Group proactively and aggressively tackles challenges in different business environments, consequently reaping benefits from opportunities that arise. Remaining optimistic about our future development, we will continue to adhere to business strategies that have proven to be highly successful. Striving to maintain our lead position, our efforts will enable the Group to further expand its presence in the worldwide glass market.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank fellow Board members for their continuous and strong support in 2007. I would also like to thank our senior management team, staff, business partners and customers for their valuable contributions to our success during the year.
LEE Yin Yee 
31 March 2008 