Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board (the Board ) of Directors (the Directors ) of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to announce the full-year audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the financial year ended 31 December 2014.
In comparison with 2013, the Group s turnover increased by about 9.3% to HK$10,861.1 million in 2014. The net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company from the continuing operation decreased by about 58.0% to HK$1,363.7 million in 2014. Basic earnings per share (the Share ) from the continuing operation of the Company were 34.78 HK cents, as compared with 84.68 HK cents last year.
We are pleased with the results achieved by the Group in 2014 and therefore propose payment of a final dividend of 6.0 HK cents per Share upon approval by the shareholders (the Shareholders ) at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the Annual General Meeting ).
I present below an overview of the business of the Group during 2014 and key development highlights for the coming year.
GLASS INDUSTRY IN THE PRC IS VOLATILE The PRC economy did not experience a rapid growth during the year ended 31 December 2014. The operating results of the construction glass and the float glass segments of the Group encountered different, but equally difficult, operating environment.
The overseas sales of the automobile glass of the Group recorded a stable growth in the year of 2014.
The increasing demand for the energy-saving Low-E glass in the construction industry in the PRC has resulted in a moderate increase in the revenue of the construction glass segment of the Group, even though the overall property development market in the PRC was not performing well in 2014 amid the tightening PRC monetary policy. Due to the reduced demand from the construction glass industry in the PRC, the demand for float glass has also been affected since the second quarter of 2014. Also, the over-supply of the float glass capacity in the PRC and the increase in the production costs were the other factors for the decrease of the gross profit margin of the float glass business of the Group.
In light of the less favourable market condition, the Group has implemented flexible and proactive marketing strategies for its automobile glass business, with the addition of new products which are suitable for the new car models and explored new overseas customers and opportunities to maintain the sales volume of the automobile glass products of the Group. Currently, the Group sells its automobile glass products to more than 130 countries.
As a leader in the world s global glass industry, the Group strengthened its market-leading position and enhanced the benefits from the economies of scale through strategic and timely expansion of the production capacity for different product segments and the construction of new production complexes with streamline production process at different locations. The Group has also implemented a series of enhanced control measures on the consumption level of the raw materials, the recycling of the principal raw materials and the use of solar power and residual heat for energy generation. To maintain the Group s competitiveness, the Group has successfully developed and launched a wide range of high value-added glass products and adopted proactive pricing and flexible marketing policies to take advantage of the supportive measures implemented under the Twelfth Five-Year Plan of the PRC government.

BETTER PRODUCTIVITY, TECHNOLOGY AND ECONOMIES OF SCALE TO MITIGATE INCREASES IN THE PRODUCTION COST The Group s strength in operational management, combined with the continuous improvements in the production process and well planned equipment maintenance programs, have enhanced its productivity and yield, which in turn reduced the overall production and energy costs in 2014. The Group s economies of scale enable significant savings in the production and the fixed costs and increased efficiency in fuel consumption. To further control the cost of energy, the Group is using environmentally- friendly and clean energy, such as rooftop solar power systems and low-temperature recycling residual heat power co-generation 
By using natural gas as the fuel for our high quality float glass production, it can reduce the carbon emission levels and improves the energy cost structure of the Group.
HIGH VALUE-ADDED DIVERSIFIED PRODUCT MIX ENHANCES THE OVERALL COMPETITIVENESS During the year, the revenue generated from the Group s automobile glass, construction glass and high-quality float glass businesses achieved a growth at the rates generally above the market averages. This performance demonstrates that the Group s diversified business combination and high value-added product mix can reduce the operational pressure in any individual business segment in a volatile market.

The Group will continue to adopt flexible production arrangements to further improve the operational efficiency for the purpose of maintaining its leadership and competitiveness amongst the world s glass manufacturers.
The PRC government has continued to tighten the policy on constructing new float glass production line and to gradually phase out the outdated production lines because of higher environmental standards on emission. The Group will take cautious and flexible strategies in response to the current float glass market in PRC. The recent decrease trends in the international cruel oil price are expected to mitigate the pressure in the natural gas prices in Guangdong Province. It has been recently announced that the different selling price bases of natural gas in the PRC are to be combined effective from 1 April 2015. This price combination is expected to reduce our energy cost. The Group is optimistic that the float glass market will be improved in the foreseeable 
On the other hand, the Directors are generally optimistic on the continuing good performance of the automobile glass in the global market and the increasing usage of energy saving and double glazing Low-E glass segments in the future.
After years of expansion of production facilities, the Group is ready to explore overseas opportunities which can provide attractive market environment, lower production and energy costs, lower tax rates and other incentive programs. The construction of a glass production complex in Malaysia is our first overseas project, and the location of which will benefit our future growth as well as certain other transactions involved by the Group.

The Group will build one high quality float glass production line and one Low-E coating glass production line as the phase one project in Malacca, Malaysia where we can have serve our ASEAN customers with better pricing strategy and shorter delivery time. We also plan to build our first wind farm project in Anhui Province in order to capture the growth opportunity as a result of the PRC policy on encouraging clean and renewable energy.
The Group will continue to ensure that adequate resources will be allocated to the product research and development capability, enhancing the product quality, boosting production efficiency and staff training in order to maintain its competitiveness and improving its profit margin.

The Group continues to tackle the challenges amid slow economic growth in the PRC market. The Group will continue to optimise its efficiency and improve its profit margins through effective management and the continued collaboration with its customers. The Directors believe that these strategies will enable the Group to reap the benefit from the emerging business opportunities. The Directors are also optimistic on the Group s continuous business development in the long term. The Group is also adopting proven business strategies to sustain and strengthen the growth. To maintain its industry-leading position, the Group will also continue to expand its presence in the global glass market across a wide spectrum of industries, applications, expansions and other opportunities for business cooperation.
LEE Yin Yee, M.H.

1 March 2015 