Chairman’s Statement
On behalf of the Board (the “Board”) of Directors (the “Directors”) of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”), I am
pleased to announce the full-year audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) for
the financial year ended 31 December 2016.
In comparison with 2015, the Group’s turnover increased by about 12.1% to HK$12,848.4 million in 2016. The net profit
attributable to equity holders of the Company from the continuing operation increased significantly by about 52.1% to
HK$3,213.4 million in 2016. Basic earnings per share (the “Share”) were 82.78 HK cents, as compared with 53.88 HK cents last
year.
We are pleased with the results achieved by the Group in 2016 and propose payment of a final dividend of 23.0 HK cents
per Share upon approval by the shareholders (the “Shareholders”) at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the “Annual
General Meeting”).
I present below an overview of the business of the Group during 2016 and key development highlights for the coming year.
THE PRC GLASS INDUSTRY IS HIGHLY COMPETITIVE AND CHALLENGING
The growth of the PRC economy remained at a relatively low level for the year ended 31 December 2016. The operating
results of the automobile glass, the construction glass and the float glass segments faced different operating challenges and
opportunities. Nonetheless, the Group managed to achieve an overall outstanding operating result mainly attributable to the
decrease of material and energy costs.
Although the Government launched some restrictive policies towards the end of the year, the overall PRC property development
market has improved in 2016. This was because the relaxation of both property and monetary policies and the cancellation of
restrictions on second home purchases, the reduction of the People’s Bank of China’s Reserve Ratio Requirement (“RRR”) and
lower lending interest rates have slowly improved market liquidity. Despite this, the highly competitive PRC energy-saving Low-E
glass market in the construction industry meant that revenue from Low-E glass has only maintained a similar level of revenue to
the Group’s construction glass segment. Therefore, the future growth momentum for the Group from the construction industry
is still modest.
Nonetheless, with the slowly improving demand from the construction glass industry in the PRC and the wide range of our float
glass product mix, the sales volume of our float glass division has enjoyed a significant increase for the year under review. At
the same time, the decreases in the material and energy costs and increases in the average selling price have contributed to the
improvement of the gross profit margin of the float glass business.
In light of the less favourable global market conditions, the Group has proactively implemented flexible marketing strategies
for its automobile glass business with the addition of new products, such as a sun roof, which are suitable for new car models.
At the same time, the Group has been approaching new overseas customers and exploring opportunities to maintain the sales
volume of these products. Currently, the Group’s automobile glass products are sold to more than 130 countries.
As a leader in the global glass industry, the Group has strengthened its market-leading position and enhanced its economies of
scale through the strategic and timely expansion of the production capacity of different product segments and the construction
of new production complexes with streamlined production processes at different locations both in the PRC and overseas. The
Group has also implemented a series of measures enhancing control on the consumption of raw materials, the recycling of
principal raw materials, re-engineering of manufacturing workflow to enhance production efficiency and using solar power and
residual heat to generate electricity for internal use in order to minimize external consumption. To maintain its competitiveness,
the Group has successfully developed and launched a wide range of high value-added glass products, and adopted proactive
pricing and flexible marketing strategies to take advantage of the supportive measures implemented under the Thirteenth FiveYear
Plan of the PRC government.
BETTER PRODUCTIVITY, TECHNOLOGY AND ECONOMIES OF SCALE TO IMPROVE PRODUCTION
EFFICIENCY
The Group’s strength in operational management combined with the continuous improvements in the production process and
well-planned equipment maintenance programs have enhanced its productivity and yield, which, in turn, have reduced overall
labor, production, energy and wastage costs in 2016. Its economies of scale have enabled significant savings in the production
and the fixed costs and increased efficiency in fuel consumption. To further control energy costs, the Group is harnessing clean
environmentally-friendly energy through implementing rooftop solar power systems and low-temperature recycling residual heat
power co-generation systems.
In addition, using natural gas as fuel for our high quality float glass production can reduce the carbon emission levels, improve
the energy cost structure of the Group and contribute a better environment to the community.
WIDE-RANGING HIGH VALUE-ADDED DIVERSIFIED PRODUCT MIX ENHANCES OVERALL
COMPETITIVENESS
During the year, the revenue generated from the Group’s automobile glass, construction glass and high-quality float glass
businesses together has achieved growth exceeding the industry average. This overall superior performance demonstrates that
the Group’s combination of diversified business and wide-ranging high value-added product mix can alleviate the operational
pressure in any specific business segment within a volatile and competitive market environment.
BUSINESS OUTLOOK
The Group will continue to adopt flexible production plans and increase the level of automation to further improve operational
efficiency to maintain its leadership and competitiveness among the leading ranks of the world’s glass manufacturers.
The PRC government has continued to tighten the policy on constructing new float glass production lines and accelerate the
phasing out of the obsolete production lines because of higher environmental standards on emissions until the year of 2020.
The Group is embarking on prudent and flexible strategies in response to the current situation of the float glass market in the
PRC and globally. The current relatively low international crude oil price has mitigated the pressure on natural gas prices for our
operations in Guangdong province. The two phases of local natural gas price adjustments in April and November 2015 in the
PRC have reduced our energy costs in other provinces. Thus, the Group is optimistic that the float glass market will continue to
improve in the foreseeable future.
At the same time, the Directors are generally optimistic about the sustained stable performance of its automobile glass in the
global market, the opportunities in the automobile glass installation business in the PRC and the potential growth of the energysaving
and double-glazed Low-E glass segments in the future.
After years of expanding production facilities in the PRC, the Group is ready to explore acquisition and global expansion
opportunities which can provide an attractive market environment, lower production and energy costs, and offer favorable
tax treatments and other incentive programs. The construction of a glass production complex in Malaysia is our first overseas
project, the operation of which will benefit our future growth in the Southeast Asian region as well as facilitate specific
transactions.
The Group’s first high quality float glass production line and one Low-E coating glass production line in the first phase project
in Malacca, Malaysia has commenced operation in January 2017. The new plant enables us to better serve our ASEAN-based
customers through the preferential import duty treatment and appropriate pricing strategy as well as the shorter transport
distance. We plan to build the second phase of two float glass production lines in 2017.
The Group will continue to ensure that adequate resources are allocated to product research and development, enhancing
product quality, boosting production efficiency and staff training in order to maintain its competitiveness and improve its profit
margin.
CONCLUSION
The Group continues to tackle the challenges and changes in the global market amidst a slowdown in economic growth in the
PRC and overseas by optimising its efficiency and bolstering its profitability through effective management across its operations
and continued collaboration with its customers. The Directors believe that these strategies enable the Group to maximize the
benefits from the emerging business opportunities. The Directors are also optimistic about the Group’s long-term business
development prospects. The Group is also adopting proven business strategies to sustain and strengthen growth. To maintain
its industry-leading position, the Group is evaluating expanding its presence in the global glass market across a wide spectrum
of industries, applications and products while exploring opportunities for business cooperation as well as building production
complexes in major overseas markets.
Datuk LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.
Chairman
28 February 2017