CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear shareholders,
This is the sixth year since China Medical System Holdings Limited (the “Company” or “CMS”) listed on the Main
Board of the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (“HKEx”). On behalf of the Board of Directors of the
Company, I would like to sincerely thank all of our shareholders for their unwavering support in the past years, and to
present the Annual Report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2016
(the “Reporting Period”).
Forge ahead with sustainable development
2016 was a critical year for China’s economic transformation. The healthcare and pharmaceutical industry, as one of
the pillar industries of China’s national economy, bore the pains of momentum conversion and structural adjustment.
The industry regulatory authorities issued a string of policies and regulations, strictly controlling the drug quality and
reshaping the industry landscape. This may well intensify the reshuffling in the industry. In addition, the State issued
a number of policies and guidances to further reduce the drug prices, which led to the prediction that the drug price
decline would be the future trend. In the face of the industry’s “winter period”, the Group, on the one hand, pooled its
strength and solidified its foundation, calmly coping with the changes brought about by reform. On the other hand,
seizing the opportunity to grow steadily, the Group has continued to search and acquire quality products from the
domestic and international market, for enlarging its product portfolio and solidifying the foundation of the Group’s
sustainable and healthy future development. In 2016, with the relentless efforts of staff of CMS and full support of
partners from all fields during the year, the Group again presented outstanding annual results.
Cultivation and Innovation
Through many years of exploration and practice, the Group has developed an experienced, nimble professional
product development team. On the back of its international perspective, its high standards of selection criteria and
its deep understanding of the local market, the Group has obtained the Chinese assets and market’s rights of several
quality products through assets purchases and equity investments, continuing to deepen the strategic transformation
of product introductions. The Group has established a multi-level product introduction system to ensure the future
supply of adequate and competitive products to the market at all stages. CMS not only has a unique ability to select
quality products, it is also able to tap the academic advantages and potential of products and to formulate a promotion
strategy according to the local market needs. In 2016, with the introduction of Plendil and Imdur, the numbers of the
Group’s key products were expanded to nineteen, and the indication fields of products basically covered the major
departments of Class Three Grade A hospitals ( 三甲醫院 ) in China. We believe that our diversified product portfolio
with clear therapeutic efficacy and significant market potential is more adaptive to withstand the risks caused by the
changes of policies, ensuring the Group’s thriving development in adversity. 
As a local growth enterprise, having concentrated for over 20 years on the China market, the Group has a mature
and professional promotional network covering all of China. The Group continues to focus on the operation of
direct academic promotion network in addition to actively developing its agency network. It constantly adjusts and
strengthens its promotion structure and system for innovation, expanding its market coverage in breadth and depth.
We believe that the future competition will revolve around sales and marketing models. Based on the characteristics
of products, the Group is also actively exploring the sales and marketing methods for multi-channel networks, such
as retailing. In the mean time, the Group never stops making breakthroughs in terms of its promotion methods,
developing forward-looking strategies and combining the traditional pharmaceuticals marketing with internet thinking,
to construct a more convenient, efficient and intuitive new media academic promotion platform with the support of its
in-house developed powerful information system. We always firmly believe that this type of professional academicoriented
promotion model with continuous pursuing innovation can best accommodate both the current reforms and
future trends.
The Group has consistently emphasized internal fine management, believing that the enhancement of internal
management is one of the important approaches to achieve sustainable performance growth. We continuously adjust
and optimize our internal management structure according to the market situation and trend. We closely follow the
pace of reform in the industry and reinforce the construction of organizational power from headquarters to the region,
breaking through or reconstructing key business links processes, for walking the precise, quality and effective oriented
development path. This is to ensure the Group can offset the changes of the internal and external environment with
regard to operational, financial and risk management, and is in a better position to adapt and cope.
Looking forward, we will continue to adhere our two development strategies: persist to introduce and develop
products, and continue to expand the marketing and promotion network, in order to drive the solid and sustainable
growth of the Group, creating more value for employees, societies and shareholders.
Chairman
Lam Kong
Shenzhen, China
23 March 2017