Chairman s Statement 
This is the fourth year since China Medical System Holdings Limited (the company or CMS ) listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited ( HKEx ). On behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company, I would like to sincerely thank all of our shareholders for their unwavering support in these four years, and to present the Annual Report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2014 (the Reporting Period ).

The year 2014 was full of challenges as well as opportunities for China s healthcare market. Affected by the slowdown of China s macro economy, the development of the healthcare industry had slowed since 2013. In 2014, government healthcare policy underwent proactively reforms, and competition in the industry became fiercer. M&A and reshuffle in the industry gradually became the norm in previous year. But we still believe there are more opportunities for growth in the Chinese healthcare sector. Catalysts such as the mass demand of the healthcare, government support to the industry as well as medical reforms have boosted the growth of the overall healthcare market. In the long run, the healthcare industry s prospects remain bright due to the implementation of government marketization measures, strong demand for drugs and a solid industry 
In 2014, the Group executed organization-wide strategies tied to its core competitiveness - product introductions and network expansion to accelerate the introduction process, and raising market exposure while consolidating its foundation and improving the management. Those strategies have translated to respectable business growth. During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded turnover of RMB2,945.1 million (2013: RMB2,249.0 million), up 31.0% over the same period the previous year, with profit for the period reaching RMB1,043.0 million (2013: RMB635.3 million), up 64.2% over the same period the previous year (which would be up 30.3% to RMB827.9 million after excluding gain of RMB215.1 million arising from investment in Tibet Pharmaceutical when it became an associate from available for sale investment). Basic earnings per share was RMB0.4330 (2013: RMB0.2635), up 64.3% over the same period the previous year (which would be up 30.6% to RMB0.3440 after excluding gain arising from investment in Tibet Pharmaceutical when it became an associate from available for sale investment).

Product Introduction and Development The Group believes that a premium product portfolio serves as an important foundation for its sustainable development. Given the sufficient cash flow, the Group is committed to introducing new products through the acquisition model during the Reporting Period, which involves purchasing products or assets for the Chinese market, and acquiring equity stakes in manufacturers. The acquisition model not only enables the Group to improve the stability and controllability of the product rights, but also ensures the profit margin of the product, and further, it serves as an important strategy for broadening the product portfolio and further development. In addition, the acquired products asset value is set to appreciate given the continuous growth of the market share, which will be aided by the Company's professional sales capability. As of today, the Group has successfully signed nine product agreements, five of which were through the acquisition by buying assets for the Chinese market, including our existing product Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye- drops right of control. The Group also signed an exclusive agreement for a key product of Hebei Xinglong Xili Pharmaceutical Limited Company ( Xili Pharmaceutical ) via equity participation and successfully extended the contract of an existing product of Tibet Rhodiola Pharmaceutical Holding Company ( Tibet Pharmaceutical ), as well as reached an agreement on another product from the same company.
Since June 2014, the Group had tried to introduce overseas products by purchasing their assets for the Chinese market for the first time. The Group signed an Asset Purchase Agreement with British Beacon Pharmaceuticals Limited ( Beacon ) to purchase assets of Succinylated Gelatin Injection (two products) for the Chinese market in June 2014. It also signed an agreement with Novartis AG and Novartis Pharma AG ( Novartis ) to purchase assets of Lamisil Tablet and Parlodel Tablet for the Chinese market, and with British NORGINE B.V. to purchase assets of MOVICOL for the Chinese market respectively in December.
Besides introducing excellent new products from overseas, the Group also obtained assets of its existing product Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye-drops for the Chinese market in July 2014 by signing a series of agreements. On 20 March 2015, the Group signed a supplementary agreement with the Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye-drops s manufacturer, and reached solutions on the insufficient supply and the guarantee of production capacity of the product in the future.
For domestic products, the Group obtains stable product rights as well as closer cooperation mainly through equity participation. As of November 2014, the Group has become the largest shareholder of Tibet Pharmaceutical by holding 26.61% of its shares. In addition to the renewal of the Exclusive Sale Agreement of XinHuoSu and a Promotion Service Agreement of the existing products XinHuoSu in May 2014 - the Group had signed a new agreement with Tiber Pharmaceutical on another blockbuster product NuoDiKang on 2 February 2015. The Group obtained the exclusive sales right of DanShenTong, the main product of Xili Pharmaceutical, by purchasing the share of Xili Pharmaceutical in December 2014 and in the beginning of January 2015.

Newly introduced products have increasingly diversified the Group's portfolio, and expanded marketing and promotion activities. As possessing the scale effect of our sales network and the duplicable product- introducing model, the Group is confident on the prospect of the product introduced. In 2014, acquisition has become one of the Group s core strategic initiatives. We believe the proactive product introduction will have a profound impact on the Group s future growth.
As a professional pharmaceutical promotion service provider, the Group aims to promote drugs across all therapeutic areas in China. Given the new in-licensed products in 2014, the Group will not only be able to broaden the portfolio for the covered departments (such as NuoDiKang for Cardiology and MOVICOL for Gastroenterology) but also expand promotion and marketing into Dermatology and Obstetrics. The expansion of promotion, marketing and the growth of the therapeutic areas are beneficial to the promotion of products and deployment of resources, to embody economies of scale of the product, as well as to the possible merge of the two marketing and promotion networks in the future.
Benefiting from professional promotion capability and the continuous penetration into the rural market of the Direct Academic Promotion Network ( the Direct Network ), the main products of the Direct Network achieved ideal growth in 2014. Based on the penetration of the marketing and promotion networks to the rural market ( Network Devolution ) and the well-built brand and academic reputation, two of our main products, Deanxit and Ursofolk, maintained growth of approximately 30%; Salfolk, Bioflor and GanFuLe Tablet, products related to Gastroenterology, recorded a rapid growth of around or over 50%; Augentropfen Stulln Mono Eye-drops, product of Ophthalmology, became the fastest growing product of the Group, with remarkable sales growth of more than 60% over the same period the previous year due to the improved supply of the manufacturer. Despite the reform according to GMP requirements of the 2010 version ( the new GMP ) causing the halt in production of XinHuoSu in 2014, the Group was well-stocked and recorded a sales growth of more than 50%.
In 2014, the Group focused on its self-produced series of hydrolyzed proteins ( XiDaKang ) for its Agency Promotion Model. In line with the characteristic of the Agency Promotion Model and future market trends, during the Reporting Period, the Group improved the agency promotion model, starting with XiDaKang, to establish mutually-beneficial long-term partnerships with our agents in order to better understand the hospitals behind. In the first half of 2014, the production base of XiDaKang was successfully transferred to Kangzhe (Hunan) Medical Company Limited ( Kangzhe Hunan ), the manufacturing company of the Group, which proved to be conducive for the Group s Agency Promotion Model reforms.

As for the other two main products of the Agency Promotion Model, ShaDuoLiKa s sales increased because its producer Chongqing Yaoyou had finished its reform according to the new GMP and the supply started to recover; as for YiNuoShu, the supply was affected by the reform according to the new GMP of its producer, Tianjin Pharmaceutical Research. To solve this problem, the Group and the producer reached an agreement during the Reporting Period, to authorize a third party to manufacture and thus alleviate the product shortage to a certain extent.
During the Reporting Period, the Group actively accelerated the process of product introduction, portfolio building and penetration into the rural market. Apart from the products currently under promotion, clinical trial of Tyroserleutide (CMS024), the Group s polypeptide drug, also made some progress. Although the preliminary result of phase III clinical trial for Tyroserleutide, unblinded on 28 Feb 2014, did not show a significant result, the overall survival ( OS ) of the subgroup with no tumor thrombosis in the hepatic portal vein branches (no tumor thrombosis) nearly approaches statistical significance, while the six-month follow- up study on the subjects of subgroup with no tumor thrombosis produced meaningful data. Thus, the Group has been determined to conduct phase III extended clinical trial for Tyroserleutide, which it will initiate very soon. The cost of the study will be borne by Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Research and Development (Shenzhen) Limited ( Kangzhe R&D ). The preclinical study of Tyroserleutide started in 2001, and is still underway after more than a decade. Tyroserleutide is now the Group s only product at the Phase III study stage. Due to its significance to human health, the Group and Kangzhe R&D have been making unremitting efforts to study the drug, and looks to successful launch the product and allow it to create value for the Group's future development. As the Group does not bear the cost of research in this late stage of the study, and instead, will pay patent royalties to Kangzhe R&D after the successful launch of the product, Tyroserleutide has created a risk-controllable development model for the products in the R&D stage for the Company. Additionally, seven pipeline products that the Group introduced before the Reporting Period are under the Imported Drug Licensing process, and all the registrations were carried throughout 2014.

As a driver of the Group s the other core competitiveness, our marketing and promotion network substantiates the Group s development. The main priority of the Group in 2014 was to continuously focus on the strategic planning and development of its sales network, to improve the initiative of the network and strengthen the management, personnel training and teambuilding.
To build a platform that is capable of hosting more products, the Group restructured the Direct Network starting in late 2012, establishing a leading institution geographically by regions (the market is divided into 
It is a multi-level organization with jurisdiction over the regional level and provincial level, and extends the centralized management to the first two levels of the network. With the multi-level and properly authorized sales network, the Group is not only able to penetrate into the rural and county-level markets ( Network Devolution ) but also able to invigorate the network, making the implementation and execution of the strategies more effective and controllable. In the past two years, the restructuring of the network ( Regions System ) has tended to mature through practice and adjustment, and has served its role for sales in 2014. The Regions System is an important strategic step for the network s long-term development, aiming at achieving deeper market penetration and a broader product portfolio. The Group also applied big data to the refined management of the sales network and achieved good results at the onset. In 2014, the professional Direct Network expanded to nearly 2,000 marketing, promotion and sales professionals, and became a strong foundation for further product introduction.
For the Agency Promotion Network (the Agency Network ), the Group conducted a reform and pioneered a new partnership with our agencies according to the attributes of the Chinese healthcare sector. This is a win- win partnership for the Group. This innovative model will motivate our agents, strengthen the Group s management of the market and the Agency Network, and will enhance our relationship with our agents through the long-term partnership. This model will help the networks further expand and merge the Direct Network and the Agency Network in the future. Additionally, this model also requires higher standards for management and technique. In 2014, the new format of Agency Model was well-established with the Group renewing numerous agreements with its original dealer with the new model, by using XiDaKang as a pilot.
With the sales network expansion leading to a continuous growth in scale, the Group also emphasized talent development and teambuilding. During the Reporting Period, the Group kicked off a new round of campus recruitment, and completed staff recruitment and training on a large scale through different new approaches to accommodate the demand for marketing and sales talents for the continuous expansion and segmentation of the Direct Network. During the Reporting Period, the office space expansion entered the final stage to accommodate the increasing demand for business development and professional talent. In addition, the Group is considering continuous training by setting up a large-scale employee training center to meet the growing need for professional talent training.

Apart from the products and the sales network, the Group owns four production bases. The first one, Kangzhe Hunan, is located in Lixian, Hunan, which produces hydrolyzed protein agents (powder and oral solution). The production of its small-volume injection workshop has been undergoing upgrading according to the new GMP.

The second one, Kangzhe LengShuiJiang Medical Co., Ltd. (Kangzhe Lengshuijiang) is located in LengShuiJiang Hunan, mainly handles oral TCMs production such as GanFuLe Tablet. Its preparation for the restructure according to the new GMP is now on track. The third one, the factory in Pingshan Shenzhen is mainly for freeze-fried powder injection production, and its construction foundation is almost completed with the registration for GMP started. Last but not least, Hebei Xili Pharmaceutical Limited Company, our new acquisition, is mainly for TCMs production and Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient extraction, and is the producer of DanShenTong.

The Group acquired a 26.61% share of Tibet Pharmaceutical and became the largest shareholder of the company in 2014. It was a key step in the development of product introduction as well as in business growth.
In addition to being a financial investment, this action aims to improve the operations, competitiveness and profitability of Tibet Pharmaceutical, and also eliminates the drawbacks arising from conflicts between the original shareholders, and deepens the cooperation between Tibet Pharmaceutical and our Group as the later becomes the largest shareholder.
After the acquisition, the Group appointed a general manager with a professional medical background to manage the operations, and three directors nominated by the Group were successfully elected in January 2015. The Group also expects better returns on this investment as it will bring in its professional experience in the healthcare industry by appointing a general manager and directors to Tibet Pharmaceutical and help it achieve better development.

The Company paid an interim dividend of RMB0.0679 (equivalent to HK$0.085) per ordinary share of the Company (the "Share") for the six months ended 30 June 2014. The Board is delighted to recommend a final dividend of RMB0.0692 (equivalent to HK$0.087) per Share for the year ended 31 December 2014 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on Friday, 8 May 2015 (the Record Date ).
The register of members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 7 May 2015 to Friday, 8 May 2015 (both days inclusive). Payment of the final dividend in Hong Kong dollars is expected to be made to the shareholders on Friday, 15 May 2015 upon shareholders approval at the Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) of the Company dated on Thursday, 30 April 2015.

Outlook and Future Development In the past year, in the face of a more challenging external environment, the Group adjusted its product introduction strategy to introduce new products (including in China and overseas markets) through mergers and acquisitions of listed companies focusing on long-term development. On 26 March, 2015, the Group entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with DKSHI to purchase assets relating to Combizym in certain designated countries that include China and with respect to Hirudoid in China. The transaction is another successful example of the implementation of the Group's acquisition strategy in product introduction.
Meanwhile, the Group continued to optimize the organizational structure of the sales network and strengthen the strategic layout of the network to build a solid platform for the Group s further development. Having been engaged in the Chinese pharmaceutical market for two decades, overcoming challenges is always the impetus driving the Group forward.
In China's complex and volatile market environment, the Group has been keeping a close eye on market changes and potential risks. Adapting to the changes timely and spotting opportunities through innovation have kept the organization in the most competitive status. Known for its marketing and promotion capabilities, the Group has always made continuous product introduction and network expansion the cornerstones of its development strategies.
The Group will continue in its worldwide search for products that are suitable for the Chinese market. Our perspective not only focuses on the products which have already been launched to the market, but also focus on meaningful overseas products in the late stages of research (ready to start, are in progress or have completed Phase III clinical trial) and offer good therapeutics effect and have strong patent protection.
Meanwhile, the Group will refer to the R&D model of Tyroserleutide (CMS024) to control risk and costs.
In addition, the Group will continue to seek a product introduction approach that is most suitable for the Group's development strategy and that effectively integrates resources from various parties to bring more excellent products into the Group s product portfolio and that constitute important assets of the Group, thereby laying a solid foundation for the Group s long-term development. The Group also continues to expand the network as well as to innovate and reform according to market needs, hiring more professional talent and building an effective and hardworking team for deeper market penetration.
Looking ahead, the Group will continue to start new business models and adapt to the new environment under its new norms.

We went through thick and thin together for the past two decades. Our guiding beliefs have always been, and will continue to be, rooted in a sense of responsibility towards shareholders, and to build a stable, profitable company with credible work-ethic and rigorous internal controls across all levels, led by intelligent and, effective managers. The Group will continue to dedicate its efforts to healthcare and the society, keep improving the portfolio and the sales network. The group is endeavored to face and overcome challenges and spot every possible opportunities proactively! 
27 March 2015 