Chairman s Statement 
In 2013, amid complex economic conditions on both domestic and global fronts, the Company continued to carry forward its business operations under its New Leap Forward strategic roadmap and achieved notable results and significant progress in exploration, development and production, and international development.
In recent years, the Company has continuously expanded its investment in exploration and achieved satisfactory results, with new discoveries being made every year and reserve addition maintained at high levels. In 2013, the Company maintained a high success rate in mature exploration areas, and made major breakthroughs in new areas, sustaining the growth momentum of our reserves in recent years and providing support for our future production growth.
Following a few years of steady growth and engineering preparation, the Company has reached another peak in its project construction and start-up activities. From the beginning of 2013, the Company has commenced production of eight new projects and successfully exceeded its production target for the year.
2013 was a crucial year for the Company s overseas business development. With the completion of the Nexen acquisition, the proportion of the Company s overseas assets has significantly increased and now become a significant part of the total assets. The overseas projects also had a greater impact on the Company s business performance. We continued to make progress on the integration of Nexen while further defining the guiding principles and overall roadmap for our overseas business development to focus on management innovation and economic benefi ts . We will leverage on our integration with Nexen to actively promote overseas business development and achieve our strategic goals.
In 2013, the Company was awarded the Platinum Award for 2013 Excellence in Management and Corporate Governance by The Asset, as well as the Corporate Governance Recognition Award-Asia s Icon on Corporate Governance and 2013 Best CSR by Corporate Governance Asia. These accolades reflect the market s recognition of the Company s sound corporate governance, as well as our commitment to social responsibility.
In view of the Company s sound fi nancial position, the Board has recommended a final dividend of HK$0.32 per share (tax inclusive) for the year 2013.
Following a rapid growth period over the last few years, the Company has embarked on a new phase of its development: we are now at a leading position among the world s oil and gas exploration and production companies in terms of reserves and production; we currently have oil and gas assets in more than 20 countries across six continents; we formed a crude oil dominated asset portfolio comprising both conventional and unconventional oil and gas resources. Along with the evolvement of our scale and asset portfolio, we now face new challenges in various areas including production growth and cost structure.
In order to bring the New Leap Forward blueprint to reality, we will continue to carry out reform and be innovative, and strive for steady progress in all aspects. While continuing to strengthen exploration activities, we are also devoted to growing reserves and production to ensure the long-term and sustainable development of the Company. In 2014, the Company plans to bring seven to ten new projects on stream out of around 20 projects that are expected to be under construction. These serve as a strong foundation for our development over the next few years and beyond.
In 2014, the Company will further strive to control costs and enhance efficiency. The rapid increase in costs in recent years has drawn the attention from all managerial levels. In this regard, we have designated 2014 as Year of Quality and Effi ciency , where staff at all levels will take on collective role in controlling costs through technology and 
We will also strive to further innovate the management of our overseas business, continue to optimize our overseas assets portfolio, improve overseas development mechanisms, and enhance the management capabilities and profi tability of our overseas assets.
Over the years, the Company has always placed health, safety and environmental protection in top priorities, and maintained a strong track record in these areas. We remain committed to supporting these causes to pave the way for the Company s sustainable development.
In 2014, Mr. Wang Tao, an independent non-executive director, Mr. Zhou Shouwei and Mr. Wu Zhenfang, both non-executive directors, retired from the Board. Mr. Kevin G. Lynch was appointed as an independent non-executive director while Mr. Lv Bo, Mr. Zhang Jianwei and Mr. Wang Jiaxiang were appointed as non-executive directors. I would like to express my appreciation and gratitude to Mr. Wang, Mr. Zhou and Mr. Wu for contributing their knowledge and expertise to the Company. At the same time, I would also like to warmly welcome Mr. Lynch, Mr. Lv, Mr. Zhang and Mr. Wang to join the Board.
Looking ahead, we will continue to seek long-term growth by following our New Leap Forward strategic roadmap to further create values for our shareholders.

