Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present to you the business review and outlook of CIFI Holdings (Group) Co. Ltd. ( CIFI or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2012.

The year 2012 was an encouraging one for the Group.
Despite weak sentiment in Hong Kong s equity fund-raising market, we completed our initial public offering ( IPO ), raising HK$1,669 million and commenced listing of our shares (the Shares ) on the Main Board of Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 23 November 2012, representing a new milestone for the Group. We were the first mainstream PRC property developer to debut in the Hong Kong IPO market after the PRC government s real estate-related austerity measures started to impact the market in the first quarter of 2011.
The Group also achieved record highs in terms of sales and profit. In 2012, the Group achieved contracted sales of RMB9,544.0 million, representing a significant increase of 75.5% over the previous year and surpassing our initial yearly sales target set early in the year. Recognised revenue was RMB8,143.9 million, representing a significant increase of 103.2% year-on-year. The Group s net profit attributable to equity owners increased by 44.9% to RMB1,937.1 million in 2012 from RMB1,336.9 million in 2011. The Group s core net profit attributable to equity owners (excluding changes in fair value and non-controlling interests, net of deferred taxes) increased by 88.5% to RMB920.6 million in 2012 from RMB488.5 million in 2011. Our actual core net profit achieved in 2012 exceeded our forecast of RMB865 million that we promised during our IPO. Our core net profit margin was 11.3% in 2012. We delivered a core return on average equity of 18.8% in 2012, achieving our stated target.

The Board recommended payment of a final dividend of HK$0.04 per share for the year ended 31 December 2012. The total final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2012 amounted to HK$230.8 million (approximately RMB186.9 million), representing a dividend payout ratio of approximately 20.3% on the core net profit attributable to equity owners (excluding changes in fair value and non-controlling interests, net of deferred taxes).
REVIEW IN 2012 Market review and sales performance In 2012, transaction volumes and prices in China s property market stabilised. As homebuyers have already adapted to the regulatory measures in place, market sentiment has improved since Chinese New Year anchored by demand driven by first-time purchasers and first-time home upgraders, as well as a more accommodating credit 
During the year, the Group successfully executed its high asset- turnover and high sell-through business model to capture the robust demand for mass market housing from end-users. The Group decisively realigned its operating strategies two years ago, restructuring its land bank to focus on two mainstream products: mass market residential and office-for-sale projects, and enabling the two high operating model. Benefitting from the success of the realignment of our operating strategies two years ago and the massive increase in our efficient saleable resources, our contracted sales and contracted GFA reached RMB9,544.0 million and 1,026,200 sq.m.
respectively in 2012, both representing record highs for the Group.
Over 95% of our contracted sales in 2012 were derived from first- and 
The Group placed high priority on cash collection from sales proceeds.
Benefitting from our proactive and effective cash recuperation measures and improved mortgage disbursements from local PRC banks, our cash collection from property sales amounted to RMB8,957.9 million, representing a ratio of 93% of our yearly contracted sales. Our corresponding average asset turnover ratio in 2012 was 47.8%.

REVIEW IN 2012 (Continued) Market review and sales performance (Continued) Our contracted sales in 2012 was dispersed among 28 development projects in 10 cities, of which nine projects were new development projects which started pre-sale in 2012, including: Shanghai CIFI Private Mansion, Shanghai CIFI Pujiang International, Shanghai CIFI Luxury Courtyard, Suzhou CIFI Luxury Courtyard, Hefei CIFI Private Mansion, Beijing CIFI International Negotiate Garden, Tianjin CIFI Rosedale, Chongqing CIFI Langyuejun and Changsha CIFI Private Mansion. The remaining 19 projects were subsequent sales launches.
We ranked 38th and 44th nationally in terms of contracted GFA and contracted sales in 2012 according to the Top 50 Real Estate Enterprise Property Developers by Sales in 2012 list jointly compiled and issued by China Real Estate Information Corporation and China Real Estate Appraisal Center.
Properties delivered and commencing construction In 2012, we delivered completed properties with a total GFA amounting to approximately 735,000 sq.m. (2011: 354,000 sq.m.), representing a massive increase of 107.6%. Accordingly, we derived recognized revenue of RMB7,991.5 million from sales of properties in 2012. Our major completed property projects in 2012 included Shanghai CIFI Rose Bay, Beijing CIFI Private Mansion, Beijing CIFI Purple County, Suzhou CIFI Canal County, Suzhou CIFI Ronchamp Town, Hefei CIFI Central Park, and Changsha CIFI Luxury Courtyard.
In 2012, we commenced construction of new properties projects which will amount to a total planned GFA of approximately 1.5 million sq.m. (2011: 1.1 million sq.m.).

REVIEW IN 2012 (Continued) 
In 2012, we adhered to our strategy-driven, disciplined and systematic land acquisition approach. During the year, we purchased 12 new projects in Shanghai, Suzhou and Tianjin with a total planned GFA of approximately 1,500,000 sq.m. for a total contracted consideration of RMB3,431.7 million. Based on the contracted land acquisition prices, the average cost of our land acquisitions in 2012 was approximately RMB2,300 per sq.m. Of the 12 newly acquired projects, nine new projects were acquired at the lowest bidding price. During the year, our cash outflow for the land acquisition and related payments amounted to RMB3,157 million.
We strived to evaluate every government land auction opportunity in cities we follow, to follow disciplined investment-decision procedures, and to be cautious in bidding. We focused our land acquisition resources on two main stream products: mass market residential projects and office-for-sale projects. We placed strong emphasis on expanding our land bank in the affluent first- and second-tier cities under our existing operational coverage with the objectives of maximising our scale and strengthening our operations in these 
As at 31 December 2012, the Group s overall land bank amounted to a total GFA of approximately 6.23 million sq.m., of which attributable GFA amounted to approximately 5.90 million sq.m. The average unit cost of our overall land bank was approximately RMB2,200 per sq.m.
Cost and expense control In 2012, the Group s cash outflow of construction and related capital expenditures amounted to approximately RMB3,743 million, in line with its planned capital expenditure budget. During the year, we implemented stringent measures to control our construction costs, effectively minimizing deviations from our target construction costs.
During the year, the Group implemented a number of initiatives to control its selling and general administrative expenses to enhance utilisation and reduce wastage. As a result, our selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of contracted sales in 2012 decreased to 5.6% (2011: 6.6%).

REVIEW IN 2012 (Continued) 
In 2012, we sustained our prudent financial management strategies by relying on cash-on-hand for new land acquisitions and controlling our 
During the year, we strengthened our equity through the IPO and enjoyed good operating cash inflow from strong sales of properties. As at 31 December 2012, we dramatically reduced our net debt-to-equity ratio to 62.5% (31 December 2011: 141.5%), such net gearing ratio that is now within a comfortable range for our operations. In addition, our debt structure improved due to the longer duration and lower proportion of non-bank borrowings.
Other than balance sheet liabilities, we also paid close attention to our off-balance sheet liabilities. As at 31 December 2012, we had unpaid land premiums of approximately RMB1,501.7 million, a low level compared to our peers in the industry.
Organisational and human resources development The Group made significant progress in corporate culture, recruitment and developing its leadership. During the year, we also attracted a number of mid-to-high level management personnel from leading real estate companies in China to join us. We also promoted our management trainee program at various reputable universities in China and successfully recruited highly talented university graduates. We invested significant resources in improving our internal management standards and talent development. Our investments in new talent and our staff enhancement programs provide a solid talent reserve for the Group s future growth.
Brand building and customer satisfaction We strongly believe that a premium brand improves our pricing power and profitability in times of positive market sentiment and to enhance our sales rate and turnover in challenging market conditions. A premium brand also drives customer loyalty and facilitates our efforts to expand our business.

REVIEW IN 2012 (Continued) Brand building and customer satisfaction (Continued) Since 2011, we have engaged a third-party consultancy firm to research and track our customers satisfaction ratings for the purpose of internal evaluation and improving customer satisfaction. In 2012, we made significant improvements in customer satisfaction according to the third-party surveys, showing a sign that our brand recognition has continued to strengthen.

In line with our corporate growth, we strive to fulfill our corporate social responsibilities. In 2012, we actively participated in various charitable activities, including funding our own charitable foundation, sponsoring various primary and secondary schools across the country, rewarding outstanding teachers, and subsidising underprivileged students to complete their studies and to fulfill their life-time goals.

Driven by three major forces (urbanization, sustainable economic growth and population growth in first-tier and key second-tier cities), we believe that the real estate industry in China is still in a long term growth phase. Despite the market volatility due to government control measures, high quality properties catering to end-users demand will remain strong for some time. We expect government administrative policies in the real estate sector to remain in place for the foreseeable future. Product reversion to livable housing and end-users demand as a result of the current series of government control measures will lead to a healthier path of development for the industry over the long term.
Looking forward, the Group will strive to achieve sustainable, stable and high quality growth for the sake of developing our core business.
The Group will concentrate on development projects characterized by fast turnaround, high sell-through and improving prospects. We will continue to emphasise and strengthen our asset turnover, return-on- equity and cash flow management.

Regarding our land reserves, we will follow our disciplined investment criteria and selectively acquire quality sites as and when investment opportunities arise so as to ensure growth in saleable resources.
The Group will focus on expanding in China s first- and second- tier cities with large populations, are of substantial market size, and with sustainable inflow of residents and investment capital. We will prioritize our resources to fully cover our existing three operating regions and will enlarge the scale and strengthen our existing cities in which we have entered with the aim of enhancing our economies of scale and operational efficiency.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to all employees for their hard work and to shareholders for their support in the challenging but yet rewarding year last year.
CIFI Holdings (Group) Co. Ltd.

