Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors ( Board ) of Zhongsheng Group Holdings Limited ( Zhongsheng or Company ), it is my pleasure to present the first annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries ( Group ) after its listing.
By fully capitalizing on the opportunities arising from the rapid development of passenger vehicle market in China, Zhongsheng achieved swift growth in its business during the year ended 31 December 2009 through further expansion of our 4S dealership network, continuous improvement of our services as well as the strengthening of our internal administration and human resources training. Our various performance indicators showed remarkable and encouraging results. During the year, the Company recorded a revenue of RMB13,722.2 million, representing an increase of 30.1% from RMB10,548.6 million in 2008. Our profit reached RMB493.0 million, representing an increase of 110.3% from RMB234.4 million in 2008.

By adhering to our motto of Zhongsheng Lifetime Partner and our corporate culture of Pursuing for Excellence , Being Determined and Devoted , Being Trustworthy and Reliable , Being Innovative and Creative , our business continues to grow. On 26 March 2010, the Company was successfully listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( Stock Exchange ), with the endeavours made by all staff and support from all parties, and due to the support of investors, as well as the market s recognization of our competitive advantages in terms of after-sales services, productivity and profitability enjoyed by our 4S dealerships.
With a prosperous outlook in the mid-to-high end and luxury automobiles business, our successful listing did not only bolster our capital, but also further improved our corporate governance. Our position as the leading national automobile dealership group in China was consolidated and we are glad to share our operating results with the 
Capture huge opportunities from passenger vehicle market in China Fuelled by strong growth of Chinese economy, the number of middle-class increase rapidly. More Chinese households become affluent and transporation infrastructure are upgraded. The passenger vehicle market in China has expanded rapidly as a result of these factors as well as preferential policies introduced by the Chinese government. China has become the major passenger vehicle market in the world in terms of production output and sales. In 2006, China ranked the third largest passenger vehicle market in terms of the sales volume of new passenger vehicles of approximately 4,500,000 units, which was behind United States and Japan. In 2009, the sales volumes of new passenger vehicles in China exceeded approximately 8,800,000 units, and ranked first in terms of passenger vehicle market in the world.
In the course of expansion for the passenger vehicle market in China, the market size at coastal regions is the largest as well as has recorded faster rate of growth. In addition, the rate of growth in mid-to-high end automobiles and luxury automobiles was higher than that of the industry average.
4S dealerships become a major retail platform for the sale of passenger automobiles.

The strategic positioning of One-stop 
In order to proactively capture the huge opportunities from passenger vehicle market in China, we focused on mid-to- high end and luxury automobiles brands, and established a broad 4S dealership network in affluent coastal regions to provide one-stop automobile services to our customers.
We were the first dealership in China being awarded with the dealership of Toyota. We were also one of the first few dealership being awarded with the dealership of Lexus and Audi. In terms of sales and the number of 4S dealerships, we are one of the largest automobile dealership groups for Toyota and Lexus in China.
As at 31 December 2009, the Company had a total of 47 4S dealerships, operating diversified brands of automobiles, covering the best received brands by consumers in China, including luxury automobile brands such as Mercedes-Benz, Lexus and Audi, as well as mid- to-high end automobile brands such as Toyota, Nissan, Honda and General Motor ( GM ). By leveraging on the strategic positioning of One-stop Automobile Shop , we have achieved great success in our after-sales business in addition to our new automobile sales business. We are devoted to provide quality after-sales services to our customers. The proportion of revenue contribution from after-sales services is increasing, and it is believed that the after-sales service will become a sustainable source of our earnings in the future.

Improving corporate governance 
In 2008, we introduced an international reputable private equity firm who made an investment in our Company. This laid a solid foundation for our substantial growth. Following our successful listing on in the Stock Exchange, the Company will further improve its corporate governance to a level commensurate with the international requirements. Through the establishment of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee and Compliance Committee, our internal control mechanisms were enhanced and standardized, which improved our ability for risk control. On the other hand, we will adhere to the culture of equality, trustworthy and responsibility, and maintain an efficient communication channel with our investors in an active, prompt and effective manner to allow our investors to have comprehensive knowledge of our Company. We will deliver our latest information to our investors in a timely manner, and will respond to enquiries from the investors with an aim to increase our transparency and to protect the interests of the investors.

Looking ahead, we believe China has a huge potential in passenger vehicle market. We will fully capitalize on our leading position in the industry, and continue to adhere to our motto Zhongsheng Lifetime Partner . Cooperation with partners will be strengthened and Zhongsheng will proactively capture the huge opportunities in mid- to-high end automobiles market brought by the ever- growing middle-class in China. We will further lift the Group s position in the industry and provide products and services that can best fulfill the satisfaction of our customers. We will maximize business opportunities for our business partners and bring best return to our equity holders. Moreover, we will also create an environment for our employees to improve their own value and economic return, thereby maximizing the value of customers, investors, shareholders and our team members as a whole.

The remarkable results we achieved in 2009 were attributable to the efforts of all employees of the Company. On behalf of the Board, I wish to express my sincere gratitude to the loyal services and contribution of employees from all departments of the Group and my great appreciation for the support and encouragement from all shareholders and business partners.

Hong Kong, 20 April 2010 