CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear shareholders,
On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors of Zhongsheng Group Holdings Limited (“Zhongsheng Group” or the
“Company”), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31
December 2016 (the “Reporting Period”).
The year 2016 marked the beginning of the implementation of the 13th Five-Year Plan. Under the combined effect of continuous
promotion of innovation and ongoing release of the impact of macroeconomic policies, the national economy operated steadily
with a leveling-off of growth and rising trend, realizing a bright start. The GDP for the year achieved a year-on-year increase
of 6.7%. From the industry perspective, the tertiary sector increased by 7.8% on a year-on-year basis, outpacing the 3.3% of
the primary industry and the 6.1% of the secondary industry, gradually becoming a stabilizer for China’s economic growth and
demonstrating the diversity and optimization of the economic structure.
Given the backdrop of a favourable national economy, the automobile industry stepped up its efforts in supply-side reform by
speeding up its pace of adjustments and innovation in product structure. The growth rates of production and sales increased
month by month, with both the production volume and sales volume of automobiles for the whole year exceeding 28 million
units, ranking first in the world for eight consecutive years. The production volume and sales volume of passenger vehicles also
reached a record high of 24.421 million units and 24.377 million units, respectively, representing an increase of 15.5% and
14.9% as compared to that of the corresponding period last year, respectively. Such rapid growth made a contribution of up to
92.3% and 94.1% towards the increase in the production volume and sales volume of automobiles, respectively.
In addition, second-hand automobile market and after-sales market have been creating new development opportunities. In 2016,
the total trading volume of second-hand automobiles in China increased by 10.33% on a year-on-year basis to 10.3907 million
units, exceeding 10 million units for the first time. According the data from the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers,
the after-sales market has been increasing by approximately RMB100 billion each year since 2012, and stands at RMB766.0
billion at present, which is expected to exceed RMB800.0 billion by 2017 easily, thereby making considerable room for the
development and providing growth potential for the extension of the automobile industry chain.
With the positive demand-supply relationship in the automobile market and the enlarged room for development of the aftersales
market, Zhongsheng Group has never stopped exploring and innovating so as to achieve steady development. As of
31 December 2016, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB71,599.2 million, representing an increase of 21.1% as compared
to RMB59,142.6 million for the corresponding period in 2015. In particular, revenue generated from new automobile sales
business amounted to RMB62,459.5 million, representing an increase of 20.5% as compared to RMB51,842.7 million for
the corresponding period in 2015; and revenue generated from after-sales and accessories business increased by 25.2% to
RMB9,139.7 million as compared to the corresponding period in 2015. Profit attributable to owners of the parent of the Group
for 2016 was RMB1,860.2 million, representing an increase of 303.5% as compared to RMB461.0 million in the corresponding
period in 2015; and earnings per share was RMB0.87 (the corresponding period in 2015: RMB0.21).
By seizing the development opportunities in the entire automobile market, Zhongsheng Group’s strengths in terms of brand
portfolio and geographical coverage were further highlighted, and its operational and management efficiency has also been
uplifting. In 2016, the Group continued to expand its geographical coverage by optimising its brand portfolio, consolidating its
business structure and actively participating in the market integration. In particular, through the acquisition of the equity interests
in Hainan Jiahua Weiye Investment Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries, 18 dealerships were added to the Group’s portfolio, which
enabled the Group successfully gained foothold in Hainan and acquired significant market share. As of 31 December 2016, the
Group had 251 4S dealerships, covering 22 provincial regions and over 80 cities in China.
To tie in with the rapid growth in the automobile market, Zhongsheng Group explored and innovated in a prudent and proactive
manner during 2016 with a widely recognized development. In May, Zhongsheng Group ranked the third among the 2015
Top 100 Automobile Dealers in China published by the China Automobile Dealers Association (the “CADA”) with a revenue
of RMB59.1 billion for 2015. In July, the Group was once again selected as one of the Fortune China 500, an international
authoritative ranking, and ranked 102nd. In November, the Group was granted the “2016 Most Influential Brand in China’s
Automobile Dealer Industry” and the “2016 China’s Automobile Dealer Industry Outstanding Contribution Award” by the CADA.
All of these honours reflect the full recognition of the development prospects, business model and management philosophy of
Zhongsheng Group.
Looking forward, the automobile industry of the PRC is still facing not only multiple challenges but also the associated
opportunities arising from the challenges. By adhering to its firm belief and following its original aspiration, Zhongsheng Group
will continue to enhance its strengths in terms of brand and geographical portfolio, further extend its industry chain, consolidate
its advantages in the after-sales market, uphold the principle of people-oriented and customer-oriented, enhance its operational
and management efficiency and efficiency per capita, promote the delicacy management, maintain a steady growth in the
traditional dominant business segment and consistently seek new profit growth points. At the same time, we will stand by
our corporate motto of “Zhongsheng Group – Lifetime Partner” as always, enhance our service quality and optimise our
management system and management process in order to turn the professional automobile brand services into a cornerstone of
the corporate development strategy and foster the sustainable development of the automobile industry of the PRC.
The Group’s achievements are relied on the dedication and contributions of its staff from all departments as well as the faith,
support, encouragement and trust of all shareholders and business partners. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our
sincere gratitude to all of you for your valuable contributions to the Group’s development.
Huang Yi
Chairman
Hong Kong, 20 March 2017