CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S STATEMENT
(All amounts expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)
Macau’s gaming market witnessed some green shoots in 2017, particularly towards the end of the year, and
reversed three years of declining revenue. Although there was no single catalyst of note, some of the increase
can be attributed to Macau’s 5% growth in visitor arrivals, as well as to the new casino resort projects in Cotai
that came on stream in 2016 and 2017. Overall gaming revenue growth was mainly in the VIP segment, and as
expected favoured the developing Cotai area as opposed to Macau Peninsula.
SJM’s mass market gaming revenue grew by 0.6% in 2017 compared with the previous year, whilst VIP gaming
revenue declined by 0.3% and slot machine revenue was down by 3.7%. The Group’s Adjusted EBITDA (earnings
after adjustment for non-controlling interests and before accounting for interest income and expense, tax,
depreciation and amortisation, donations, gain on disposal of property and equipment, share-based payments,
loss on deregistration of a subsidiary, and impairment loss on property and equipment) fell by 10.0% whilst
profit attributable to owners of the Company declined by 15.6%. SJM’s market share of Macau gaming revenue
was 16.1% in 2017.
At the Group’s flagship Casino Grand Lisboa VIP gaming revenue increased by 11.1%, whilst mass market table
gaming revenue and slot machine revenue decreased by 4.2% and 1.3%, respectively. The property showed a
decline in Adjusted Grand Lisboa EBITDA of 5.1% for the year. Occupancy at the Grand Lisboa Hotel was 93.8%
for the full year, at an average room rate of $1,609.
In 2017 the Group maintained a strong financial position, whilst beginning to draw against banking facilities
arranged during the year to finance construction of the Grand Lisboa Palace. Total cash and bank balances stood
at $16.0 billion as at 31 December 2017, and debt outstanding of the Group was $8.1 billion.
The Group’s Grand Lisboa Palace project on Cotai, which embodies our long-term confidence in Macau and in
China as well as our commitment to the solid diversification of our tourism business, was affected by Typhoon
Hato in August and by a fire incident in September, but nevertheless made substantial progress in 2017. We are
still striving for construction of the resort to complete by the end of this year and we will seek the relevant
licenses to begin operation as soon as possible thereafter. The Grand Lisboa Palace will increase our hotel room
capacity by almost five times and provide best-in-category shopping, dining, entertainment and events facilities
that will enhance Macau’s position as a world centre of tourism and leisure.
Also during 2017 we inaugurated the shopping facilities of JA Avenue, and in November we opened the Jai Alai
Hotel which completes our integrated entertainment complex at Oceanus at Jai Alai.
SJM supports the local community through donations and sponsorship of worthy activities, covering charities,
welfare groups, education, culture, sports and major tourist events. We actively support the Macau SAR
Government’s policy on prioritising purchases from local SMEs, as we launched the “SJM and Macau SME
Procurement Partnership Programme” jointly with the Macao Chamber of Commerce in 2016, and up until
31 December 2017, 903 local suppliers have enrolled in the Programme. Our employment policies further reflect
our commitment to Macau society as around 90% of our approximately 20,000 employees are local Macau
residents. To facilitate our large-scale needs in staff recruitment going forward, we opened in March 2017 the
new SJM Recruitment Center, adjacent to the staff training facilities of the SJM Performance Improvement
Department.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express our appreciation to all of our employees for their
loyalty and diligent work during the past year, and to our shareholders and business partners for their support.
So Shu Fai
Chief Executive Officer
Hong Kong, 28 February 2018