Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present to you the business review and outlook of CIFI Holdings (Group) Co. Ltd. ( CIFI or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2014.

The Board recommended payment of a final dividend of HK 11 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2014. The total final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2014 amounted to HK$662.9 million (approximately RMB524.6 million), representing a dividend payout ratio of approximately 27% of the core net profit attributable to equity owners.

Despite the challenges faced by the China real estate sector in 2014, the Group sustained its growth in both scale and quality, and further achieved record highs in terms of sales and profits.
In 2014, the Group achieved contracted sales of RMB21.21 billion, representing an increase of 38.4% over RMB15.32 billion in the previous year. Despite the correction in the China real estate sector during the year, the Group s contracted sales in 2014 was close to the Group s yearly target set early in the year. In 2014, recognised revenue was RMB16,179.3 million, representing an increase of 35.9% over RMB11,909.2 million in the previous year. The Group s core net profit attributable to equity owners increased by 27.7% to RMB1,938.6 million in 2014 from RMB1,518.8 million in 2013.
The Group s gross profit margin and core net profit margin were 25.9% and 12.0% respectively in 2014, both of which remained stable compare to 25.8% and 12.8% respectively in 2013. The Group delivered a core return on average equity of 20.6% in 2014, compared to 20.0% in 2013.

REVIEW OF 2014 
The real estate sector in China entered into a phase of correction in 2014. Historically, cyclical property prices in China due to its macro- economic environment and fluctuating government policies against the real estate market have caused the China real estate sector to undergo a market cycle every three to four years.
According to China National Bureau of Statistics, transaction volume of primary residential commodity properties in China in 2014 were 1,052 million sq.m., decreased by 9.1% on a year-on-year basis.
During the year, structural imbalance of demand and supply in certain cities in China became apparent. Tighter bank liquidity and wait-and- see attitude of potential buyers further exacerbated the real estate market correction, especially in the first half of 2014. Transaction volume and prices for different cities and different developers have become divergent. Different cities have experienced different level of correction in both volume and prices. Real estate markets in 2014 for certain Chinese cities have declined remarkably compared to 2013.
With changes in supply-demand relationship of the housing market, central and local government of China since mid-2014 had promptly switched its policies towards the real estate sector, from restrictive controls to supportive measures. Due to clear supports from the Chinese government signified by lifting of home purchase restrictions in most cities (except first-tier cities), relaxed mortgage policies for first-time purchasers and upgraders without previous mortgage loans, and more importantly, cuts in interest rate and bank reserve requirements ratio, correction in primary residential prices have shown signs of bottoming since the fourth quarter of 2014.

REVIEW OF 2014 (Continued) 
Since the end of 2013, the Group had well anticipated the correction in the physical real estate market in China. In 2014, the Group implemented its balanced development and sustainable growth strategy and adopted proactive measures to outperform in a more challenging operating environment. In certain cities in China where property markets have been more resilient in 2014, the Group was aggressive in offloading its saleable resources in these cities. On the other hand, in certain cities in China where property sales volume and prices have been weaker, the Group adopted a more patient strategy by holding back its sell-through and defer its sales of such saleable resources to the following year. Overall, the Group strived to strike an optimal balance amongst volume, price and profit margin by adopting flexible and accurate sales strategies.
Despite a tighter and more challenging market environment in 2014, the Group outperformed the market by achieving growth both in terms of contracted sales and average selling price. In 2014, the Group s contracted sales and contracted GFA reached RMB21.21 billion and 1,733,200 sq.m. respectively, representing year-on-year growth of 38.4% and 21.4% respectively. The Group s contracted ASP in 2014 was approximately RMB12,235sq.m., representing an increase of 14.1% from RMB10,725sq.m. in 2013. Approximately 94% of the Group s contracted sales in 2014 were derived from first- and second- tier cities. The Group achieved a cash collection ratio of around 80% from its contracted sales during 2014.
The Group s contracted sales in 2014 were dispersed among more than 50 projects in 13 cities. During the year, the Group launched presale of 18 new projects, including: " Shanghai Henderson CIFI Center; " Shanghai CIFI Arthurshire; " Shanghai Elite Mansion; " Shanghai CIFI U Block; " Shanghai Greenland CIFI E World Center; " Shanghai CIFI Haishang International; 
REVIEW OF 2014 (Continued) Sales performance (Continued) " Shanghai CIFI Shilu; " Suzhou CIFI Apple Paradise; " Hangzhou Greenland CIFI Glorious City; " Hangzhou Henderson CIFI Palace; " Chongqing CIFI City; " Changsha CIFI International Plaza; " Changsha CIFI Dream Mansion; " Shenyang CIFI Private Mansion; " Wuhan CIFI Private Mansion; " Zhenjiang CIFI East One Place; " Jiaxing CIFI Ronchamp Town; and " Jiaxing CIFI Private Mansion.
The Group also continued to record contracted sales in other projects, the pre-sale of which started in previous year(s).
CIFI was ranked 30th nationally in terms of contracted sales by value in 2014 according to the China Real Estate Enterprises Top 100 Sales Ranking in 2014 jointly published by CRIC Information Group and China Real Estate Appraisal Center.

In 2014, the Group s profit margins remained stable. Effects of correction in selling prices in the physical markets on profit margins had been alleviated by (1) the Group s lower finance costs through its liability management exercise, (2) the Group s defensive and reasonable land prices, (3) product premium through the Group s improving quality and brand; and (4) more efficient selling and general 
When the China real estate market was undergoing correction in the first three quarters of 2014, the Group remained cautious in land acquisition and refrained from purchasing land with overly aggressive land costs. The Group became more proactive in land-banking in selected out-performing Chinese cities when the real estate market in these preferred cities showed signs of stabilizing in the fourth quarter of the year.

REVIEW OF 2014 (Continued) Land acquisitions (Continued) In 2014, the Group acquired interests in 10 new projects with an aggregate land consideration attributable to the Group of RMB6.0 billion. For land acquisitions made during the year, the Group placed strong emphasis in the two first-tier cities: Shanghai and Beijing, and made reasonable replenishments in selected prefer second-tier cities: such as Suzhou, Hefei and Nanjing. During the year, the Group successfully entered Nanjing, one of the top-notch Chinese cities with a resilient real estate market in this phase of correction and a long-awaited new city by the Group to complete its coverage in the Yangtze River Delta.
The Group continued utilising joint venture strategies in land acquisitions with a key objective of diversifying its financial exposure.
Upgrades in credit ratings and further breakthrough in liability 
In 2014, the Group continued to lower its funding costs, with an objective to match with its growth in scale. During the year, the Group made further breakthroughs in its liability management exercise.
Upgrades in credit ratings " The Group was one of the very few privately-owned China Real Estate issuers which achieved upgrades in international credit ratings in 2014.
" In 2014, Fitch and Moody respectively upgraded our issuer s credit rating to BB (with Stable outlook) and Ba3 (with Stable outlook) respectively; while in February 2015, Standard & Poor s also upgraded our issuer s rating to BB (with Stable outlook). All three credit rating agencies unanimously upgraded our credit rating, reflecting CIFI s track record in sales execution, disciplined financial management and strong financial liquidity.

REVIEW OF 2014 (Continued) Upgrades in credit ratings and further breakthrough in liability 
Offshore bond issues " In January 2014, the Company issued a new 5-year US dollar senior notes due 2019 ( US Dollar Bonds Due 2019 ) with a principal amount of US$200 million at a coupon rate of 8.875%.
Within less than a year, the Company successfully lowered its 5-year US dollar bonds issue cost from its inaugural issue coupon of 12.25% last year to less than 9%.
" In January 2015, the Company further issued the US Dollar Bonds Due 2019 with an additional principal amount of US$200 million. The issue price of this additional issue was 102% with an effective interest cost of approximately 8.3% per annum.
Syndicated project loans " In January 2014, the Group s 50:50 joint venture companies with Greenland Hong Kong Holdings Limited in respect of Hangzhou Greenland CIFI Glorious City project signed offshore and onshore syndicated loan facilities. Such loans comprise (i) an offshore term loan facility with an aggregate amount of approximately US$320 million, with a final maturity of 3 years and interest rate of LIBOR or HIBOR plus 4% per annum; and (ii) an onshore term RMB project development loan facility with a facility amount of RMB1 billion, with final maturity of 3 years and interest rate of 106% times PBOC Base Rate per annum.
" In November 2014, the Group s 50:50 joint venture companies with Henderson China Properties Limited in respect of Shanghai Henderson CIFI Center project signed offshore and onshore syndicated loan facilities. Such loans comprise (i) an offshore HKD term loan with a facility amount of HK$1.44 billion, a final maturity of 3 years and interest rate of HIBOR plus 4% per annum; and (ii) an onshore RMB project development loan with a facility amount of RMB1.5 billion, a final maturity of 3 years and interest rate of 106% times PBOC base lending rate per 
REVIEW OF 2014 (Continued) Upgrades in credit ratings and further breakthrough in liability 
Offshore syndicated loan " In January 2015, the Company signed a new syndicated loan facility with an initial size of approximately US$120 million and a greenshoe option of an additional US$100 million. Such loan has a final maturity of 3 years and interest rate of LIBOR or HIBOR plus 4.75% per annum.
In the end of 2014 and the beginning of 2015, a few China real estate developers were reported to be involved in anti-corruption events in the PRC, thereby resulting in excessive volatility in offshore funding costs of China real estate corporate borrowers and severe cautiousness of the international capital markets against the sector.
However, the Group remained relatively unaffected by such tightening in the offshore funding markets. Our emphasis in the past two years in diversifying our financing channels and penetrating into different funding markets (both onshore and offshore) have started to pay off.
Since the end of 2014, we decisively captured the market window amid difficult offshore market and secured the above mentioned low-cost funding transactions to cater for our upcoming phase of 
Prudent financial positions Despite tighter onshore liquidity in China in most periods of 2014, the Group maintained good cash collection from its sales of properties.
The Group s emphasis on first- and second-tier cities and its end- users driven product structure facilitated better disbursement for both onshore development loans and for mortgage loans to end-users.
As a result of better cash collection rate within the industry, cautious land acquisition spending, restrained pace of new construction and continued progress in liability management in 2014, the Group sustained a healthy financial position with its debt structure continued to improve due to lower interest costs, longer maturity, higher proportion of unsecured offshore debts and lower proportion of onshore non-bank borrowings.

REVIEW OF 2014 (Continued) Prudent financial positions (Continued) As at 31 December 2014, the Group s: " net debt-to-equity ratio was 58.2% (31 December 2013: 
" total indebtedness remained stable at RMB13,861 million (31 December 2013: RMB13,374 million); " cash-on-hand level remained high at RMB7,124 million (31 December 2013: RMB7,183 million); " weighted average cost of indebtedness decreased to 8.3% (31 December 2013: 9.2%); " proportion of short-term borrowings out of overall indebtedness remained low at 22% (31 December 2013: 22%); " proportion of offshore indebtedness (unsecured) out of overall indebtedness increased to 38% (31 December 2013: 30%); " proportion of onshore non-bank borrowings out of overall indebtedness reduced to 6% (31 December 2013: 19%).
As at 31 December 2014, unpaid committed land considerations attributable to the Group were approximately RMB2,854 million (versus cash-on-hand of approximately RMB7,124 million). The Group maintained a conservative and comfortable debt positions and off- balance sheet commitments.
Customer satisfaction and brand recognition The Group is dedicated to improve its product quality and customer service to meet the ever-demanding preferences and needs by consumers. During the year, the Group launched its nationwide toll-free customer service hotline, offering one-stop compliant, maintenance and repair services to the purchasers of the Group s properties. Based on the customer satisfaction survey conducted annually by the third-party consultancy firm engaged by the Group, we recorded new highs in overall customer satisfaction in both property sales and property management services in 2014 compared to previous yearly ratings, evidencing that our brand recognition has 
REVIEW OF 2014 (Continued) 
In line with its strategy to tap into the upgraders market and to improve its profit margins, the Group is committed to enhance its product capabilities and to raise its proportion of fully-fitted residential products. During the year, the CIFI Product Research Center commenced operations and started its research and development of standardized full fitted residential product modules. This research center studies the application of a range of construction and fitting materials and simulates the corresponding customer experience on different residential unit layouts and configurations. It effectively strengthens the Group s product capabilities for future development.

Despite the unchanged traditional brick-and-mortar nature of real estate industry, the Group acknowledges the need of the industry to embrace innovations to revolutionize its business process, to enhance sales channels, and to improve product designs and provision of value- added customer services.
In 2014, we pioneered the industry trend of utilizing mobile Internet and successfully developed and applied our CIFI Wei-Sales platform to facilitate third-party agency sales of our properties.
We are also at the forefront within the industry by applying institutional innovation to promote sense of ownership of our key management teams and to align their common interest with our shareholders.
During the year, we started to implement management project co- investment scheme for certain pilot newly acquired projects. Under such project co-investment scheme, key frontline local management team at relevant city level as well as key management team at headquarters level (other than the Company s directors and their respective associates) are in-principle required to co-invest with the Group in the minority interest of project equity for new development projects, while other employees (other than the Company s directors and their respective associates) can also choose to co-invest in the 
OUTLOOK FOR 2015 Compared to the previous year, the Group s outlook for the industry in 2015 is more upbeat.
Macro-economic factors and real estate supplydemand situations Despite the cyclical correction, long term housing demand remained intact in first- and second-tier cities in China due to sustained urbanization and migration of growing population into these big cities. This is further evidenced by the fact that the corrected primary residential transaction volume in 2014 were still generally above last bottom levels in 2011 during the past market cycle in most first- and second-tier cities in China, a sign reflecting long term uptrend demand 
Under the current administration of its central government, China is now undergoing a new normal phase of its macro-economy characterized by slower GDP growth coupled with more market-driven economic reforms. To stimulate the domestic economy, the central government is expected to adopt more monetary easing policies in 2015. The market widely anticipates further round(s) of interest rate andor bank requirement ratio. These monetary easing measures will effectively improve the availability and affordability of mortgage loans and the sentiment for purchasing real estates. Further, the cumulative effects from loosening of home purchase restrictions, relaxation of the one-child policy and mortgage loans for upgraders will be very effective for releasing end-users demand for property. We believe supply and demand of China real estates will become more balanced in the upcoming year.
We believe that different cities in China will experience different level of recovery in 2015. Overall, in the first half of 2015, the real estate market in China will continue to be driven by inventory clearance carried over from last year. Accordingly, we expect transaction volume will initially only recover slowly with stable property prices. On the supply side, new construction started and land sales in most major cities declined significantly in 2014 due to the market correction. This points to an overall shrinkage in supply of new saleable resources to occur as early as in the second half of 2015, which could possibly drive a decent rebound in property prices by then. Inventory levels in first-tier cities were amongst the lowest in the nation with strongest recovery expected. Inventory levels in different second-tier cities vary but are generally higher than first-tier cities. Some second-tier cities with higher inventory levels require longer duration to absorb housing inventory will show slower recovery. Third-tier cities generally have the highest inventory levels and their recovery remains uncertain.

OUTLOOK FOR 2015 (Continued) The Group s development strategy The Group adopts the balanced development and sustainable growth strategy to pursue sustainable and quality growth. This strategy targets an expansion pace higher than growth rates of the industry average and those of leading developers, while stresses balances and disciplines avoiding ruthless, high gearing and low margin expansions. The Group in future will manage its expansion cautiously by taking into account the Group s sales performance, profitability and shareholders return, as well as financial prudence.
Navigating through the cyclical cycles of our industry, we emphasise on maintaining the appropriate rhythm for land acquisition with precise product positioning as well as timely execution of development and sales. Based on our analysis of the current market landscape, we believe that 2015 will mark the beginning of a new market up- cycle. The land market at the early phase of market recovery usually offers low-risk opportunities for expansion. As we stayed defensive for landbanking and preserved significant amount of cash and debt capacity last year, we plan to proactively capture the ideal land acquisition window in 2015, with priority in the two first-tier cities, Shanghai and Beijing followed by outperforming second-tier cities such as Suzhou, Nanjing, Tianjin and Hangzhou. Our lean and clean land bank coupled with our asset-light development model and our reasonably low completed inventory level offer us burden-free advantage in future expansion over other real estate developers.
As always, we will sustain our systematic, disciplined and prudent approach for landbanking. We will place priority on quality sites in better locations suitable for products targeted at self-use upgraders, the product segment which offers the best profit margin potential at the current round of market cycle.

OUTLOOK FOR 2015 (Continued) The Group s development strategy (Continued) We have already captured the opportunity especially in the fourth quarter of last year to acquire decent amount of land sites for supply of new saleable resources in 2015 at attractive land costs. Based on its existing available saleable resources within the year (excluding contribution from further new land acquisitions) and using conservative sell-through assumptions, the Group has set initial contracted sales target for the full year of 2015 at RMB25 billion, representing an increase of approximately 18% from the contracted sales in 2014. If the market recovers to the extent within or above our expectations in 2015 with decent rebounds in property prices, we may choose to sell more aggressively especially in the second half of 2015 to realize our 
We will continue to mitigate our business risks through lowering our exposures using joint ventures, maintaining balanced operating cash flows, lowering our finance costs and developing popular differentiating products in the mainstream end-users segment.

Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere appreciation to all employees for their dedication and hard work, and to our shareholders, bondholders and business partners for their support in the past year.
CIFI Holdings (Group) Co. Ltd.

