Chairman s Statement 
Dear honourable shareholders, On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors of Zhongsheng Group Holdings Limited ( Zhongsheng Group or the Company ), I would like to present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 
2013 marked a year of transition as the global landscape continued to undergo adjustments and the world s economy remained downturn. According to the report of the National Bureau of Statistics, the economic growth rate of China was 7.7% in 2013, representing a continuous slowdown in economic growth. However, the automobile industry was an exception. Both the production volume and sales volume of automobiles in China exceeded 20 million units in 2013 and both ranked first in the world for five consecutive years. In particular, sales volume of passenger vehicles reached 17.929 million units, representing an increase of 15.7% over 2012. During the year under review, the competition in new car sales industry has become more intensive. The automobile dealerships profit from new car sales has yet to show any improvement. However, after-sales service, with its rapid growth and stable profit margin, has become the new driver of profit growth.
In 2013, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB52,527.4 million, representing an increase of 5% as compared to a revenue of RMB50,048.3 million in 2012. In particular, revenue from new car sales increased from RMB45,219.2 million in 2012 to RMB46,493.0 million, representing an increase of 2.8%. Revenue from after-sales services increased from RMB4,829.1 million in 2012 to RMB6,034.4 million, representing an increase of 25.0%. Our profit attributable to owners of the parent for 2013 was RMB1,010.1 million, representing an increase of 34.6% from RMB750.5 million in 2012; earnings per share was RMB0.53 (2012: 
The growth rate for sales volume of passenger vehicles in China was over 15% last year. However, taking into account of the complicated industry environment and frequent policy adjustments, the Group insisted on taking a steady development and expansion strategy by leveraging on its rich experience in automobile dealership industry and outlook for the industry s future development. During the year under review and till the date of this report, the Group has set up 18 dealerships in Beijing, Liaoning, Shandong, Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Guangdong and Inner Mongolia respectively to maintain its market share in various key regions and proactively expand to new markets. As of the date of this report, the Group had 178 automobile dealerships, covering 16 provinces and regions and nearly 70 cities in China.
In 2013, under the moderate economic growth in China, Zhongsheng Group kept innovation and sought for expansion while maintaining stability and achieved significant development. In May 2013, the Group ranked the fourth among the 2012 Top 100 Automobile Dealers in China issued by the China Automobile Dealers Association; in July 2013, the Group became one of the Fortune China 500 for the first time and ranked 103rd; in August 2013, the Group became one of the China Top 500 Enterprises for the first time, ranking 215th with a revenue of over RMB50 billion during the year, and ranked 78th among China Top 500 Service Companies; in November 2013, the Group was honored the Top 10 Companies in China Automobile Dealership Industry in 2013 with the Most Influential Corporate Brand by China Automobile Dealers Association and was granted the China Automobile Dealers Industry Community Service Contribution Award for the year of 2013. These are all recognitions to Zhongsheng Group in respect of its development prospect, business model, financial performance and other aspects.
In January 2014, Zhongsheng Group introduced Jardine Strategic Holdings Limited as a strategic investor and approximately HK$5.6 billion proceeds in aggregate was proposed to be raised through new shares placing and issuance of convertible bonds.
This has demonstrated the confidence from our strategic investor on the significant development potential of the Group in the future and also enhanced the foundation for our accelerating development.
Looking forward, urbanization progress in China as well as upgrading and renovation demand of automobile will maintain huge for automobile industry. The Group sees opportunities in diversified demands for automobiles and its derivative industries in various regions. We remain positive and optimistic towards future automobile industry in China. As the automobile dealership industry is getting mature, Zhongsheng Group will, making full use of its rich experience in the industry, continuously optimize its brands portfolio, extend its product chain, develop its after-sales service market and sustainably improve its service quality. At the same time, the Group will also continue exploring new driver of profit growth by seizing the development opportunity brought by second-hand vehicle market.
At the same time, with a corporate motto of Zhongsheng Group Lifetime Partner as always, we aim at providing comprehensive premium services to our customers and becoming a trustworthy long-term partner through our unique ERP platform as well as optimization of our management system and management process in order to turn our professional automobile brand service into the cornerstone of our corporate development strategy.
The continuous development and improvement of the Group in such a complicated and variable industry environment depend on the hard work and efforts of our staff, as well as the trust and support of our shareholders and business partners. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere gratitude to all of you for your valuable contributions to our development.

Hong Kong, 31 March 2014 