Chief Executive Offi cer’s Statement Chief Executive Offi cer’s Statement
SJM’s gaming revenue declined in 2014, as did Macau’s total gaming revenue, as many high-rollers either stayed
away or reduced their gaming budgets, reflecting government policy changes and economic conditions
particularly in the second half of the year. The challenging environment principally affected SJM’s VIP segment,
which showed revenue decline of 17.3% for the year, although SJM’s mass market table gaming revenue
increased during the year by 8.9%, whilst slot machine revenue declined by 4.0%. As a result, the Group’s
Adjusted EBITDA (earnings after adjustment for non-controlling interests and before accounting for interest
income and expense, tax, depreciation and amortisation, donations, premium on acquisition written off, loss on
disposal/write-off of property and equipment and share-based payments) fell by 10.5% and profit attributable to
owners declined by 12.7%.
SJM continued to hold the leading position among the six casino operators in Macau, with a market share of
23.2%.
The Group’s flagship Casino Grand Lisboa showed a decline in Adjusted Property EBITDA by 8.2% for the year.
Casino Grand Lisboa’s VIP gaming revenue decreased by 14.2%, whilst mass market table games revenue and
slot machine revenue increased by 16.0% and 7.5%, respectively. Occupancy at the Grand Lisboa Hotel was
93.2% for the full year, at an average room rate of $2,325.
During 2014, the Group maintained its financial strength, with total cash and bank balances standing at
$24.4 billion at the end of the year. Debt outstanding of the Group was $1.0 billion as at 31 December 2014.
During the year, the Group made significant progress on development of the Lisboa Palace, our future integrated
resort on Cotai. Groundbreaking was held on 13 February 2014 and by the end of the year the piling work on
the foundation was substantially completed. The project continues on target for completion in 2017, to contain
approximately 2,000 hotel rooms, facilities for shopping, dining and entertainment, and a casino.
Our strategic objective is sustainable long-term growth in shareholder value. As a leading operator, owner and
developer of casinos and related businesses in Macau, our key strategies for delivering this objective are as
follows:
• We will continue to build, own and manage or invest in casinos and related businesses in Macau, as
permitted by government regulation.
• We will continue to improve and enhance the efficiency of our existing properties in both the mass market
and VIP segments of the gaming business.
• We will remain focused principally on Macau, while selectively considering opportunities for future
expansion in the Asian region.
• We will maintain a strong financial position, with a view to long term growth.
The Board of Directors would like to express its appreciation to all levels of staff for their diligent work during the
past year, and to our shareholders and business partners for their support.
So Shu Fai
Chief Executive Officer
Hong Kong, 25 February 2015