Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present to you the business review and outlook of CIFI Holdings (Group) Co. Ltd. ( CIFI or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2013.

The Board recommended payment of a final dividend of HK 7 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2013. The total final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2013 amounted to HK$421.9 million (approximately RMB333.3 million), representing a dividend payout ratio of approximately 22% of the core net profit attributable to equity owners.

The year 2013 represented a new chapter for the Group s development. During the year, we continued to grow and improve every aspect of our business at a faster pace than the industry average. Despite the challenges when we advanced within the highly competitive China real estate industry, CIFI had successfully completed the year with fruitful rewards and encouragements.
In the past year, the Group successfully delivered the spectacular results for the first financial year after its initial public offering ( IPO ).
We have gained respects and recognitions by the capital markets through our balanced financials and high growth potential.

" Our sales were strong, outperforming our stated contracted 
" In addition to our rapid growth, we improved our profit margins; " We continued to expand in the first- and second-tier cities where we have coverage. We strategically ventured into three new cities: Hangzhou, Wuhan and Shenyang; " We expanded our land bank by acquiring 21 high quality new 
" We co-operated with leading developers within the industry, forming strategic joint ventures for developing new projects; " We sustained our prudent financial management, improved our debt structure and lowered our financing costs; " We emphasised on high asset turnover, implemented fast project development and enhanced shareholder returns; " We adopted customer-oriented approach to emphasise their needs on products and services and to improve construction 
In 2013, the Group sustained its high growth and further achieved record highs in terms of sales and profit. In 2013, the Group achieved contracted sales of RMB15.32 billion, representing a significant increase of 60.5% over RMB9.54 billion in the previous year and surpassing the Group s initial yearly contracted sales target of RMB12.5 billion set early in the year as well as the revised-up sales contracted target of RMB14.0 billion in the middle of the year. In 2013, recognised revenue was RMB11,909.2 million, representing a significant increase of 46.2% over RMB8,143.9 million in the previous year. The Group s core net profit attributable to equity owners increased by 65.0% to RMB1,518.8 million in 2013 from RMB920.6 million in 2012.
The Group s gross profit margin and core net profit margin were 25.8% and 12.8% respectively in 2013, improved from 23.7% and 11.3%, respectively in 2012. The Group delivered a core return on average equity of 20.0% in 2013, surpassing the 18.8% achieved in 
REVIEW OF 2013 
Since the beginning of 2013, transaction volumes and prices for commodity housing in China experienced strong recovery from the previous year, with strong sales and noticeable increases in property prices being reported in key first- and second-tier cities.
In order to stabilise the real estate market, the State Council of China promulgated the New Five Measures of the State Council in early 2013 to curb price growth and reiterated its austerity measures to the real estate sector. In the fourth quarter of 2013, local governments of all first-tier cities and a number of second- and third-tier cities further introduced or reiterated tightening measures in the property market.
Overall, these government measures are principally not new but rather mainly a reiteration or slight strengthening andor stricter enforcement of tightening measures that have been introduced in the past.
Notwithstanding these policies, homebuyers have already adapted to the continued regulatory measures and end-users have been driving the demand and transaction prices for the primary market property sales. According to China National Bureau of Statistics, sales of commodity properties in 2013 surpassed RMB8.14 trillion, increased by 26.3% compared to 2012. Based on the official sales price index released by China National Bureau of Statistics, sales price of newly constructed residential commodity properties in December 2013 climbed over 20% year-on-year in all four first-tier cities in China, and climbed over 10% year-on-year in most of the second-tier cities where the Group have operations.

REVIEW OF 2013 (Continued) 
Benefitting from the massive increase in saleable resources, the Group s contracted sales and contracted GFA achieved record highs in 2013. During the year, the Group s contracted sales and contracted GFA reached RMB15,318.6 million and 1,428,300 sq.m. respectively, representing year-on-year growth of 60.5% and 39.2% respectively.
Over 94% of the Group s contracted sales in 2013 were derived from first- and second-tier cities. Over 77.5% of the Group s contracted sales in 2013 were from residential projects, while the rest of 22.5% were from office projects. Cash collection from property sales during the year amounted to RMB13,680.9 million, representing a ratio of 89% of yearly contracted sales.
The Group s contracted sales in 2013 were dispersed among 42 projects in 10 cities. During the year, the Group launched pre-sale of 12 new projects which started pre-sale in 2013 including: Shanghai CIFI City, Shanghai CIFI Jiangwan Mansion, Shanghai CIFI Samite Life, Suzhou CIFI Private Mansion Usonian City Villa, Suzhou CIFI Private Mansion, Suzhou CIFI Elegant City, Suzhou CIFI Sunny Life, Beijing CIFI Private Villa Riverside Garden, Beijing CIFI The Education Park, Tianjin CIFI Paradise Bay, Tianjin CIFI Private Mansion and Chongqing CIFI Purple City. The two Hangzhou new projects started pre-sale in the last few days before the year-end.
CIFI was ranked 32nd and 36th nationally in terms of contracted GFA sold and contracted sales amount respectively in 2013 according to the Top 50 Real Estate Enterprise Property Developers by Sales in the First Half of 2013 jointly published by China Real Estate Information Corporation and China Real Estate Appraisal Center.
Profit margin improvement In addition to the Group s strong growth in sales, the Group also improved its profit margins. The recovery of the Group s profit margins will be sustained and will be primarily driven by (1) higher proportion of recognised revenue from sales of office projects, which generally have higher gross profit margin compared to mass market residential projects; (2) better profit margins from new projects due to higher selling prices versus reasonable land prices; and (3) more efficient selling and general administrative expenses as well as lower interest cost as a percentage of sales.

REVIEW OF 2013 (Continued) 
The Group always adheres to a systematic and disciplined land acquisition approach. Due to its overwhelming contracted sales and strong cash inflow from property sales achieved in 2013, the Group took a proactive approach in land bank replenishment to provide sufficient saleable resources for sustainable growth. The majority of the Group s land acquisitions during the year were transacted in the first half of 2013 when land transaction prices were still reasonable.
The Group s land acquisitions in 2013 were characterised by (1) higher quality, better locations and larger sites in top notch first- and second- tier cities in China; (2) expansion mainly in the first- and second-tier cities where we have coverage, with new penetration into three new second-tier cities: Hangzhou, Wuhan and Shenyang; (3) targeting end-users demand with primarily mass market residential properties with small-to-medium unit sizes and office properties for sale; (4) attractive estimated profit margins using conservative future average selling price assumptions; and (5) utilising joint venture strategies by partnering with leading large-scale property developers, as well as other investment institutions as equity partners.
During the year, the Group purchased 21 new projects in Shanghai, Suzhou, Hangzhou, Hefei, Jiaxing, Beijing, Tianjin, Shenyang, Chongqing, Changsha and Wuhan, with total planned GFA and attributable GFA of approximately 3.8 million sq.m. and approximately 2.7 million sq.m., respectively. The corresponding land acquisition consideration attributable to the Group was approximately 
Based on the Group s attributable GFA acquired and the attributable acquisition considerations, the average cost of land acquisitions in 2013 was approximately RMB4,050 per sq.m. During the year, the Group s attributable cash outflow for the land acquisition and related payments amounted to approximately RMB8,600.0 million.
As at 31 December 2013, the Group s land bank amounted to a total GFA of approximately 9.2 million sq.m., of which attributable GFA amounted to approximately 7.6 million sq.m. As at 31 December 2013, the average unit cost of land bank based on the Group s attributable GFA and attributable cost was approximately RMB2,900 per sq.m.

REVIEW OF 2013 (Continued) Joint ventures with renowned property developers In 2013, the Group successfully executed equity joint ventures with Greenland Holdings Group Company Limited ( Greenland ) and Henderson China Properties Limited ( Henderson China ) or their respective subsidiaries to jointly develop the following newly acquired 
The Group s Major joint venture projects 
Shanghai Huacao Project 50% Hangzhou Greenland CIFI Glorious City 50% Hefei Baohe District Project 33% With Henderson China: Shanghai Hongqiao Central Business District Project 50% Hangzhou Henderson CIFI Palace 49% 
The Group s co-operations with renowned property developers demonstrate their recognitions of CIFI s strong execution abilities and governance standard. The Group s joint venture strategy diversifies its financial exposure in the particular projects, enhances its project branding and management capabilities by benefiting from the synergies of renowned project partners. In the future, the Group will strive to reinforce its co-operations with renowned property 
Massive breakthrough achieved in the international capital 
Following its IPO in November 2012, the Group has achieved significant breakthrough in establishing its track records in international 
International credit ratings " At the beginning of 2013, the Company obtained issuer s credit ratings of B1 (stable outlook) from Moody s, B+ (stable outlook) from Standard & Poor s and B+ (positive outlook) from Fitch, 
REVIEW OF 2013 (Continued) Massive breakthrough achieved in the international capital 
Offshore bond issues " In April 2013, the Company issued its inaugural 5-year US dollar senior notes ( US Dollar Bonds Due 2018 ) with a principal amount of US$275 million at a coupon rate of 12.25%. In September 2013, the Group further issued the US Dollar Bonds Due 2018 with an additional principal amount of US$225 million.
The issue price of the additional issue in September 2013 was 104% with an effective interest cost of 11.11% per annum.
" In January 2014, the Company issued a new 5-year US dollar senior notes ( US Dollar Bonds Due 2019) with a principal amount of US$200 million at a coupon rate of 8.875%. The issue price of USD Dollar Bonds Due 2019 was 99.545% with an effective interest cost of 8.99%. Within less than a year, the Company successfully lowered its 5-year US dollar bonds issue cost from 12.25% to less than 9% per annum, reflecting market s well acceptance of the Group s credit.
Offshore syndicated loans " In July 2013, the Company signed a syndicated loan facility ( CIFI Syndicated Loan ) with a consortium of offshore banks.
The CIFI Syndicated Loan is a US dollarHong Kong dollar dual- currency unsecured term loan facility with an aggregate amount of approximately US$156.5 million, with final maturity of three years and interest rate of LIBOR or HIBOR plus 5.65% per 
REVIEW OF 2013 (Continued) Massive breakthrough achieved in the international capital 
Offshore syndicated loans (Continued) " In January 2014, the Group s 50%:50% joint venture companies with Greenland Hong Kong Holdings Limited in respect of Hangzhou Greenland CIFI Glorious City project signed onshore and offshore syndicated loan facilities ( Hangzhou Glorious City Syndicated Loans ) with a consortium of offshore and onshore banks. The Hangzhou Glorious City Syndicated Loans comprise (i) an offshore US dollarHong Kong dollar dual currency term loan facility with an aggregate amount of approximately US$320 million, with a final maturity of three years and interest of LIBOR or HIBOR plus 4% per annum offshore term loan; and (ii) an onshore RMB project development loan facility with a facility amount of RMB1 billion, with final maturity of three years and interest rate of 106% times PBOC Base Rate per annum.
" As at 31 December 2013, offshore financings accounted for approximately 31% of the Group s total indebtedness. In future, the Group plans to further increase the proportion of its offshore financings with a view to achieve longer debt tenures and lower interest costs.

" In October 2013, the Company issued approximately 256.6 million new shares at issue price of HK$1.52 per share with a consideration of approximately US$50 million to Dalvey Asset Holding Ltd, a company wholly-owned by RRJ Capital ( RRJ ).
The new shares invested by RRJ accounted for approximately 4.3% of the enlarged issued share capital of CIFI. RRJ is a renowned Asian investment firm which focuses on China and South-East Asia. RRJ and their founders have in the past made many successful investments in China. RRJ s investment underscored its vote of confidence in CIFI and improved CIFI s institutional shareholders base.

REVIEW OF 2013 (Continued) Massive breakthrough achieved in the international capital 
Successful execution of the Group s multiple issues of US dollar bonds, syndicated loans and equity placement within a short time frame from its IPO reflected strong recognition of CIFI from the international capital market and banking industry. The Group utilised the offshore proceeds from the bond issues, syndicated loans and equity placement for re-financing of loans, new business developments andor general corporate purposes. These new offshore financings have broadened the Group s financing platform and enhanced its debt structure; and provided strong foundation to the Group s future development.
We believe that the re-rating of the Company s shares and credits will be sustained as the Group further grows in terms of revenue scale and operations coverage.
Healthy financial position with improving debt structure and lower funding costs In 2013, the Group enjoyed good operating cash inflow from strong sales of properties. By utilising joint ventures in land acquisitions, the Group lowered its financial commitments, while successfully executed its land banking strategies for growth in saleable resources. As a result, the Group sustained a healthy financial position with its debt structure further improved due to lower funding costs, longer duration, higher proportion of offshore debts and lower proportion of non-bank 
As at 31 December 2013, the Group s: " net debt-to-equity ratio was 67.6% (31 December 2012: 
" weighted average cost of indebtedness based on its outstanding overall indebtedness decreased to 9.2% (31 December 2012: 10.0%); 
REVIEW OF 2013 (Continued) Healthy financial position with improving debt structure and lower funding costs (Continued) " proportion of offshore indebtedness out of overall indebtedness increased to 30.4% (31 December 2012: 4.2%); " proportion of short-term borrowings out of overall indebtedness reduced to 21.9% (31 December 2012: 37.7%); " proportion of onshore non-bank borrowings out of overall indebtedness reduced to 19.2% (31 December 2012: 34.0%).
Other than balance sheet liabilities, the Group also paid close attention to off-balance sheet commitments. As at 31 December 2013, the Group had unpaid attributable land considerations of approximately RMB3,400 million, versus cash-on-hand of approximately RMB7,182.5 million. The Group s debt positions and off-balance sheet commitments are within a comfortable range for its operations.
Brand building and customer satisfaction Since three years ago, we have engaged a third-party consultancy firm to research and track our customers satisfaction ratings for the purpose of internal evaluation and improving customer satisfaction. In 2013, we made further improvements in overall customer satisfaction compared to the previous year according to the third-party surveys, evidencing that our brand recognition has continued to strengthen.
Through closer customers surveys and appraisal systems, we have placed higher emphasis on understanding their preferences on products, their needs on sales and property management services. It has prompted us to adopt a more client-oriented approach to improve service and construction quality.

OUTLOOK FOR 2014 Domestic and international economic conditions Entering into 2014, the global markets continued to face uncertainties.
As the United States economy shows signs of recovery, the Federal Reserve signaled tapering of quantitative easing policies, which imposed uncertainties on prices of global asset classes and triggered international capital outflow from the emerging markets. As a result, this caused significant fluctuations in global financial markets in the beginning of the year. Since last year, the Central Government of China has been pursuing economic reforms and structural adjustments, which emphasize sustainable quality growth by using market-driven measures. This may have short term effect on the momentum of economic growth in China and it is widely expected that China s GDP will slow down to 7% area.
In terms of liquidity, in line with the tapering of quantitative easing policies, the United States dollar long term interest rate has been trending up. Meanwhile, China is undergoing interest rate liberalization as well as reforms and controls of local government finances and shadowing banking system. These offshore and onshore factors are expected to cause the tighter overall financings and higher funding costs to China s real estate sector.

While it is expected that current Chinese government administrative policies in China s real estate sector to remain in place, more severe government policy risks are now alleviated by slower economic growth. The Chinese government has emphasised on fostering urbanization and domestic consumption as its key policies. This implies certain growth in terms of real estate investment in order to sustain GDP growth and to ensure that structural economic reforms could be successfully implemented. We expect that government policies in the upcoming year are neutral and will have less impact on 
OUTLOOK FOR 2014 (Continued) Industry landscape (Continued) Our current major concern on the China s real estate industry is the imbalances between the land and property prices. We anticipate that transaction volume of residential and office properties catering to the strong end-users demand in China s first- and second-tier cities will continue to grow steadily, as these cities are the main beneficiaries of urbanization and sustained growth in inflow of new populations and investment capital. However, property prices in large and mid-sized Chinese cities, after rising significantly in 2013, will stabilise or slow- down in 2014 as it would be difficult for China s average property price to further jump up substantially. We expect that in the upcoming year, performance of property prices in different cities, districts and product segments as well as sales results of different developers will be divided. Their respective performances will eventually depend on market demand and customers affordability, rather than government 
We noticed that since the mid-2013, land prices has been rising far more substantially than property prices and most first- and second- tier cities have recorded frequent land deals with record highs in total considerations or average land prices, representing a high premium to the government s base land auction price and land prices transacted not long ago. We are concerned that high land transaction prices in certain areas have substantially exceeded market affordable levels.
For developers, the largest cost item is the land and the most important way to sustain profitability is to control its land costs.
As the development projects with high land prices transacted last year progress into pre-sale period starting in the second half of this year, those developers which acquired land aggressively will face a difficult dilemma of either to let high land prices erode their profit, or to experience declining sales and cash flow. As the current market conditions do not allow another round of sharp rises in property prices, we believe that the land prices cannot be sustained at ultra-high levels.

OUTLOOK FOR 2014 (Continued) The Group s development strategy We believe that the real estate industry in China is still in a long term growth phase, and high quality properties catering to end-users demand will remain strong in the long run. However, due to impacts of government policies or macro-economic cycles, transaction volume and properties prices of China s real estate sector will fluctuate in short term cycles within the long term uptrend.
The Group s long-term goal is to become a leading and well-respected real estate enterprise in China. To achieve this, we are pursuing the high growth and balanced development strategy. This strategy targets an expansion pace higher than growth rates of the industry average and those of leading developers, while stresses balances and disciplines avoiding ruthless, high gearing and low margin expansions.
The Group in future will manage its expansion cautiously by taking into account the Group s sales performance, joint venture strategy and 
Based on its abundant saleable resources within the year and using conservative sell-through assumptions, the Group has set initial contracted sales target for the full year of 2014 at RMB22 billion, representing an increase of approximately 43.8% from the contracted sales in 2013. The Group is confident of achieving its sales target for 2014 and continues to emphasise and strengthen its fast turnaround and high sell-through development model.

OUTLOOK FOR 2014 (Continued) The Group s development strategy (Continued) In the course of expansion, we emphasise on maintaining the appropriate rhythm for land acquisition within the industry s short term cycles with precise product positioning as well as execution of development and sales. We endeavour to achieve buying low- cost lands at the lows of the industry cycle and selling properties when the market demand is robust. We reduce our risk through our healthy financials, balanced operating cash flows, and differentiating products. The majority of the Group s land acquisitions last year were transacted in the first half of 2013 when land transaction prices were still reasonable. Since the second half of last year, the Group has cautiously tightened our land acquisition criteria, ensuring defensive transacted land costs and reasonable profit margins. Regarding land reserves, the Group has already secured abundant supply of saleable resources in 2014 and 2015. At the time when land prices remain high in 2014, we have sufficient flexibility to refrain from purchasing land with overly aggressive land costs, but rather to acquire land sites omitted by competitors but with good development value. Meanwhile, if land prices revert to a reasonable level, we will decisively utilise our stable cash flow to accumulate quality land reserve at attractive costs, in order to prepare for our saleable resources for 2016 and beyond to raise the Group s sales to the next level.
The Group in future will focus on the mainstream market, mainstream customers and mainstream products in China s real estate industry, and will strive to enhance our product, service and brand capabilities.
We also actively research and apply industry innovations, aiming to attract young customers with spending power by more stylish product designs, to improve customer experience and promote sales through mobile Internet and e-commerce platforms, and to utilize next-generation data systems for stricter cost controls and better 
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere appreciation to all employees for their dedication and hard work, and to our shareholders, bondholders and business partners for their support in the past year.
CIFI Holdings (Group) Co. Ltd.

