Chairman’s Statement
Dear shareholders:
I am pleased to present to you the business review of the Group for
the year ended 31 December 2016, and outlook for 2017.
FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend for 2016
(payable in cash with a scrip option) of RMB11.50 cents per share (the
“Proposed Final Dividend”). The Company paid an interim dividend
(“Interim Dividend”) of RMB3.42 cents per share (or HK4 cents per
share) in respect of the first six months of the year. The Proposed
Final Dividend shall be declared in RMB and paid in Hong Kong
dollars and will be converted from RMB into Hong Kong dollars at
the average middle rate of RMB to Hong Kong dollars as announced
by the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC Exchange Rate”) for the five
business days preceding the date of declaration of dividend. Based on
the prevailing PBOC Exchange Rate, the Proposed Final Dividend is
equivalent to HK13 cents per share.
Together with the Interim Dividend and based on the total outstanding
number of issued shares of the Company as at the date of the
annual results announcement, the total dividends for the year under
review amounted to approximately RMB1,005.1 million for the year,
representing a year-on-year increase of 28.1% over RMB784.8 million
in 2015.
RESULTS
In 2016, Group sustained its growth and pushed sales and profits
up to another record highs. The Group achieved contracted sales
of RMB53.00 billion in 2016, representing a year-on-year increase
of 75.5% over RMB30.21 billion in 2015. The Group’s attributable
contracted sales amounted to RMB29.19 billion in 2016, representing
a year-on-year increase of 45.4% over RMB20.08 billion in 2015.
RESULTS (Continued)
Recognized revenue was RMB22,224.4 million in 2016, representing a
year-on-year increase of 21.9% over RMB18,230.8 million in 2015. The
Group’s net profit attributable to equity owners increased by 34.0%
to RMB2,807.5 million in 2016 from RMB2,095.5 million in 2015. The
Group’s core net profit attributable to equity owners increased by
27.8% to approximately RMB2,824.0 million in 2016 from RMB2,209.8
million in 2015.
The Group improved its gross profit margin and core net profit margin
to 25.4% and 12.7% respectively in 2016, versus 22.7% and 12.1%
respectively in 2015. The Group delivered a core return on average
equity of 20.3% in 2016.
REVIEW OF 2016
Market review
2016 was a remarkable year in the history of China’s real estate
industry, with the most dramatic reversals in government policies, the
highest transaction volume as well as the record breaking land and
property prices.
Policy reversals
In the first three quarters of 2016, real estate policies in most cities
in China were still driven by inventory clearance and stimulation of
end-users housing demand. Only a few hotspot cities like Shanghai,
Shenzhen, Suzhou, Nanjing and Hefei tightened real estate policies,
but had little impact on the market.
Entering the fourth quarter, government policies reversed abruptly.
Since the end of September 2016, over 20 Chinese cities viciously
launched and intensified austerity measures, including: tightening
home purchase eligibility, tightening mortgage for second home
purchase, stricter controls on land sale and property pre-sale, and
regulatory control on developers’ funding, etc.
REVIEW OF 2016 (Continued)
Market review (Continued)
Record-high transaction GFA and value
In 2016, both national transaction GFA and value reached another
record highs. According to data published by the China National
Bureau of Statistics, transaction GFA of commodity properties in 2016
was 1.57 billion sq.m., up by 22.5% on a year-on-year basis; sales of
commodity properties were RMB11.8 trillion, up by 34.8% on a yearon-year
basis; average selling prices of commodity properties reached
RMB7,476 per sq.m., up 10.9% on a year-on-year basis. Transaction
GFA was around 2.5 times and sales value was around 6 times of the
market size a decade ago.
Rapid increases in property prices led to government austerity
measures
In early 2016, certain hotspot cities led the rises in property prices.
Then, the sizzling property prices spread to other cities, and rapidly
accelerated in the second and third quarter. This led to the start
of new round of government austerity measures by the end of
September. Affected by the government tightening policies, property
price increases in hotspot cities in the fourth quarter showed signs of
softening. However, in cities with milder austerity policies and laggard
prices, property prices are still trending up.
In terms of year-on-year price increases, cities with strongest gains
(with average of 20% or more) were concentrated in 10 or more firsttier
(Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Guangzhou) and hotspot secondtier
cities (Suzhou, Hefei, Nanjing, Xiamen, Hangzhou, Tianjin, Wuhan
and Zhengzhou, etc.); while gains in most other cities were not
excessive.
REVIEW OF 2016 (Continued)
Market review (Continued)
“Land king” phenomenon
In 2016, national land transactions in terms of aggregate area
continued to decline; on the other hand, aggregate value went up.
As land supply in third- and fourth-tier cities continued to be
constrained by the main theme of “inventory clearance”, proportion of
high-priced land transactions in first- and second-tier cities increased
significantly. During the first three quarters of 2016, land markets in
first- and second-tier cities heated up with a flood of “land kings” and
continual record breaking land transactions in terms of average and
aggregate land prices, nationwide.
In 2016, gains in land prices of hotspot cities substantially exceeded
gains in property prices, and the transacted land prices being
higher than selling prices of the property units became a common
phenomenon in hotspot cities. The rise in land prices interacted
property prices to increase further, which in turn dragged up land
prices. Since the launch of government control measures in different
cities in the end of September, land supply in most cities entered a
“cool-down” phase and certain cities implemented measures to cap
the land transaction prices. However, these measures had yet to
change the “land king” phenomenon in land biddings by the end of
year.
Mega industry consolidation
In 2016, China’s real estate industry entered into a rapid phase of
consolidation; market share of leading players market increased
significantly. According to statistics from CRIC Information Group,
market shares of Top 20 developers enlarged to 25%.
Due to strong sales recorded and abundant liquidity in the first three
quarters, large-scale real estate developers were even more proactive,
compared to previous years, in entering new cities, public
land-biddings as well as in mergers and acquisitions. On the other
hand, cross-segment business diversification and internationalization
by venturing into overseas markets became a development trend of
large-scale developers.
REVIEW OF 2016 (Continued)
Sales performance
Due to its appropriate mix and abundant supply of saleable resources
in strong performing first- and second-tier cities, the Group achieved
overwhelming growth in contracted sales in 2016. During the
year, the Group’s contracted sales and contracted gross floor area
(“GFA”) reached RMB53.00 billion and 2,916,306 sq.m. respectively,
representing strong year-on-year growth of 75.5% and 41.8%
respectively. The Group’s contracted average selling price (“ASP”) in
2016 was approximately RMB18,175/sq.m., increased by 23.7% from
RMB14,692/sq.m. in 2015. Over 98% of the Group’s contracted sales
in 2016 were derived from first- and second-tier cities. The Group
achieved a cash collection ratio of over 95% from contracted sales in
2016.
The Group’s contracted sales in 2016 were dispersed among over 80
projects in 14 cities. During the year, the Group launched pre-sale of
19 new projects, including:
• Suzhou CIFI Lake Mansion
• Suzhou North Star CIFI No. 1 Courtyard
• Nanjing North Star CIFI Park Mansion Jinling
• Nanjing CIFI Park Mansion Qinhuai
• Hangzhou Binjiang CIFI Wanjiazhixing
• Hangzhou CIFI Times City
• Hefei North Star CIFI Park Mansion Luzhou
• Hefei CIFI Ronchamp Courtyard
• Hefei CIFI Lake Betsuin
• Beijing CIFI No. 26 Block
• Beijing Tianheng CIFI No. 7 Courtyard
• Beijing Vanke World
• Beijing CIFI Yihexiang
• Tianjin CIFI No. 6 Courtyard
• Shenyang CIFI Jin Court
• Shenyang CIFI Fantastic Apartment
• Wuhan Yulong CIFI Peninsula
• Changsha Henderson Arch of Triumph
• Chongqing Dongyuan CIFI Jiangshan Yue
The Group also continued to record contracted sales in other projects,
the pre-sale of which started in previous year(s).
CIFI was ranked 18th nationally in terms of contracted sales by value
in 2016 according to the “China Real Estate Enterprises Sales Ranking
in 2016” published by CRIC Information Group.
REVIEW OF 2016 (Continued)
Profit margins
The Group’s gross profit margin improved to 25.4% in 2016, compared
to 24.1% in 2015 (adjusted for the accounting effects due to increase
of equity interests in certain projects), a result of higher profitability for
products delivered, defensive land costs, lower finance cost as well as
product premium achieved through improving quality and brand.
The Group’s core net profit margin was 12.7% in 2016, compared to
12.1% in 2015 for the corresponding period of last year.
Land acquisitions
While the land markets of 2016 showed signs of overheating in the
first- and strong second-tier cities, we had generally been cautious
in land acquisitions during the year. Our land acquisition spending
as a proportion of our contracted sales in 2016 reduced significantly
compared to 2015, reflecting our land-banking philosophy of “be
cautious when the market is irrational”. In 2016, we successfully
entered Ningbo, Foshan, Jinan and Sanya, further strengthening and
deepening our regional presence.
In 2016, the Group acquired interests in 36 new projects with an
aggregate land consideration attributable to the Group of RMB13.1
billion. For land acquisitions made during the year, the Group avoided
cities with signs of overheating while placed strong emphasis on
laggard second-tier cities with great re-rating potentials such as
Wuhan, Hangzhou, Ningbo, Tianjin, Foshan and Changsha. Other than
the traditional land sources from government public auctions and
tenders, the Group increasingly utilized private acquisitions of existing
land projects from developers or land owners.
Since two years ago, we have implemented management project
co-investment scheme in land acquisitions. Under such project coinvestment
scheme, both the key local management team of the
projects in relevant cities and the key management team at the
headquarters of the Group (other than the Company’s directors and
their respective associates) are in-principle required to invest in the
minority “shadow equity” in new development projects together with
the Company, while other employees (other than the Company’s
directors and their respective associates) can also choose to co-invest.
During the year, the co-investment scheme continued to achieve
its intended effects, contributing to good investment returns of our
land investments, and aligning the common interests of our key
management teams with those of our shareholders.REVIEW OF 2016 (Continued)
Land acquisitions (Continued)
As always, we have followed our systematic, disciplined and prudent
approach for landbanking and we continued to seek cooperation with
a wide range of joint venture partners for land acquisitions or urban
village transformations.
Liability management
In 2016, we further lowered our funding costs and improved our
liability structure by utilizing lower-cost funding to replace highercost
debts. The Group made the following major progress in liability
management:
Onshore financings
• In 2016, the Company’s domestic wholly-owned subsidiary in
China, CIFI Group Co., Ltd. (“CIFI China”) issued domestic nonpublic
corporate bonds (“Private Domestic Bonds”) of RMB6
billion to qualified investors in the following tranches:
– In January 2016, CIFI China issued the First Tranche of
Private Domestic Bonds of RMB2.0 billion at coupon rate
of 4.99% with maturity of 2 years (with the issuer’s right to
adjust the coupon rate and a right of redemption exercisable
by the holders at the end of the first year).
– In September 2016, CIFI China further issued Second
Tranche of Private Domestic Bonds comprising (i) RMB3.5
billion at coupon rate of 4.30% with maturity of 5 years (with
the issuer’s right to adjust the coupon rate and investors’
option to require the issuer to repurchase the bonds, at the
end of third year after the issue) and (ii) RMB500 million at
coupon rate of 5.50% per annum, with tenure of 5 years.
Proceeds from the Private Domestic Bonds were primarily used
for refinancing of onshore debts and general working capital.
REVIEW OF 2016 (Continued)
Liability management (Continued)
Offshore financings (Continued)
• In March 2016, the Company signed an unsecured US$600
million three-year US dollar/Hong Kong dollar club loan (“March
2016 Club Loan”) with an interest rate of LIBOR/HIBOR + 4%
per annum. Proceeds from the March 2016 Club Loan were
primarily used for early redemption of the entire 12.25% coupon
US Dollar Bonds Due in 2018 (“2018 Due USD Bonds”) and
general working capital.
• In April 2016, the Company completed the early redemption of
entire US$500 million 12.25% coupon due 2018 USD Bonds.
• In December 2016, the Company signed the following new
offshore financings:
– 5-year maturity, 5.50% coupon US dollar bonds due Jan
2022 (“2022 Due USD Bonds”) of principal amount of
US$285 million.
– unsecured 4-year US dollar/Hong Kong dollar club loan
(“December 2016 Club Loan”) with an interest rate of
LIBOR/HIBOR + 3.70% per annum. The committed
principal amount as at the date of the annual results
announcement (pursuant to the amount committed under
the initial agreement and supplemental agreements) was
approximately US$303 million.
Proceeds from the 2022 Due USD Bonds and December 2016
Club Loan were primarily used for early redemption of the entire
8.875% coupon US Dollar Bonds Due in 2019 (“2019 Due USD
Bonds”) and general working capital.
• In February 2017, the Company completed the early redemption
of entire US$400 million 8.875% coupon due 2019 USD Bonds.REVIEW OF 2016 (Continued)
Liability management (Continued)
Credit ratings
• In 2016, the Group further enhanced its onshore and offshore
credit ratings. During the year, CIFI China achieved “AA+”
domestic credit ratings by onshore credit rating agencies China
Chengxin Securities Rating Company Limited and Golden Credit
Rating International Co. Ltd.
• In 2016, Fitch upgraded our issuer’s credit rating outlook to “BB”
(“Positive” outlook), while Standard & Poor’s maintained our
issuer’s credit rating outlook at “BB-” (“Stable” outlook). In
March 2017, Moody’s also upgraded our issuer’s credit rating
outlook to “Ba3” (“Positive” outlook).
Currency hedging
• Starting in early 2016, the Group started to use hedging
instruments to mitigate the risks induced by the Renminbi
devaluation concerning non-RMB denominated indebtedness.
As at 31 December 2016, the Group had entered into US dollar
versus offshore RMB capped forward contracts to hedge and
reduce our foreign currency exposure in non-RMB denominated
indebtedness by US$1,098 million. Subsequent to 31 December
2016, the Group had further entered into additional capped
forward contracts of US$450 million.
Financial positions
In 2016, the Group sustained a prudent financial position. As at 31
December 2016, the Group’s:
• net debt-to-equity ratio was 50.4% (as at 31 December 2015:
59.2%);
• net debts (total indebtedness less cash-on-hand) amounted to
RMB8,713.9 million (as at 31 December 2015: RMB9,049.7
million);
• cash-on-hand level remained high at RMB20,677.3 million (as at
31 December 2015: RMB14,905.2 million);
• total indebtedness amounted to RMB29,391.1 million (as at 31
December 2015: RMB23,954.9 million);
REVIEW OF 2016 (Continued)
Financial positions (Continued)
• guaranteed joint ventures/associated companies debts amounted
to RMB3,574.0 million (as at 31 December 2015: RMB2,744.2
million);
• weighted average cost of indebtedness decreased to 5.5% (as at
31 December 2015: 7.2%);
• proportion of short-term borrowings in overall indebtedness
remained low at 15.2% (as at 31 December 2015: 11.7%);
• proportion of unsecured indebtedness in overall indebtedness
was 75.9% (as at 31 December 2015: 60.5%); and
• proportion of US dollar/HK dollar denominated (non-RMB
denominated) indebtedness in overall indebtedness was
44.0% (as at 31 December 2015: 43.8%), while proportion
of “unhedged” US dollar/HK dollar denominated (non-RMB
denominated) indebtedness in overall indebtedness reduced to
20.9% (as at 31 December 2015: 43.8%).
As at 31 December 2016, unpaid committed land considerations
attributable to the Group were approximately RMB5,935.9 million
(versus cash-on-hand of approximately RMB20,677.3 million). The
Group maintained a comfortable debt positions and off-balance sheet
commitments.
Product capabilities and brand-building
In 2016, our product structure further improved to emphasize on
upgraders’ residential products with higher profit margin potential.
During the year, fully-fitted residential products increased to over 65%
of our total residential contracted sales.
During the past two years, CIFI combined its refined fitting
specifications, environmentally-friendly and energy-saving
technologies and elegant brand image to develop and launched its
high-end residential “Park Mansion” brand. As at 31 December 2016,
we launched 7 “Park Mansion” branded projects in Shanghai, Suzhou,
Hefei, Nanjing and these projects all received overwhelming market
responses.
REVIEW OF 2016 (Continued)
Customer satisfaction and employee engagement
Customers and employees are driving our future successes. The
Group is dedicated to improving its product quality and customer
service to meet consumers’ needs and ever higher requirements. The
Group is also committed to train and retain a quality workforce to feed
its expanding business needs.
Based on the customer satisfaction and employee engagement
surveys conducted annually by the third-party international consultancy
firms engaged by the Group, we recorded new high scores in overall
customer satisfaction and employee engagement in 2016 compared
with those for the previous years, demonstrated our continued
improvement in brand and employee awareness programs.
“Real estate plus” strategies
The Group started to implement its “real estate plus” business plans
in 2016. “Real estate plus” refers to the Group’s investments in new
ventures complimentary to its main property business.
In the second half of 2016, the Group (i) completed the disposal of
70% equity interest in its property management business (“Property
Management Business”) but retained a 30% stake in such business,
which as a result was deconsolidated from the Group; and (ii)
also invested in a 30% stake in the business for the provision of
industrialized construction services for the design, manufacture and
supply of prefabricated construction units and modules and related
services to the real estate sector (“EPC Business”). Both the Property
Management Business and the EPC are the core parts of the Group’s
“real estate plus” strategies.
These “real estate plus” business as part of the real estate-related
service sector in the PRC enjoys enormous growth potential
characterized by clear industry consolidation trends, massive
market opportunities and benefits of utilizing innovations in industry
reforms. They have great synergies with the Group’s core property
development/investment business by providing services to the
Group, and on the other hand could grow rapidly by expanding its
business coverage to third-party, non-CIFI customers. Thus, it is
more appropriate for the Group to maintain a strategic minority stake
in these ventures, enabling these ventures to adopt independent
management structure and development strategies. We believed that
these strategic investments have great return potential, while at the
same time could effectively enhance the competitiveness of our core
business.
OUTLOOK FOR 2017
Real estate industry environment
Overall, we anticipate China’s real estate market will slow down in
2017 as compared to 2016.
Tighter policies and liquidity
China’s real estate’s short-term cyclical fluctuations are highly
correlated to government policies.
At present, the main themes of real estate policies are to keep
property prices under control in hotspot first- and second-tier cities;
while still to facilitate inventory clearance in other cities, especially
third- and fourth-tier cities. It is expected that there is slim chance for
policies in hotspot cities to reverse in 2017.
In terms of liquidity, the loose onshore monetary policies had ended.
In line with interest rate hike in the US, mounting pressures on RMB
depreciation and capital outflow, it is expected that liquidity inclined to
tighten.
Overall market correction
Overall real estate demand will be affected under the austerity
measures. We expect that overall real estate transaction volume will
correct in 2017.
After the industry’s tremendous growth in transaction volume
and loose monetary policies in the past two years, first home
purchase demands have been fatigued. As property prices increased
substantially and monetary policies started to tighten, it is expected
that first-purchase demand could soften in 2017. The upgraders’
demand substantially depends on home purchase eligibility of non-local
residents as well as mortgage policies for second home purchase.
Following the austerity measures launched since the fourth quarter
of 2016, first- and hotspot second-tier cities have tightened the home
purchase eligibility by non-local residents and mortgage threshold for
second home purchase. As such, it is also expected that upgraders’
demand would also be under pressure in 2017. Third- and fourthtier
cities are still facing high inventory level, and thus are sustaining
favourable government policies. But their inventory clearance pressure
remains high.
Nevertheless, fundamentals supporting real estate markets in firstand
second-tier cities remain intact.
OUTLOOK FOR 2017 (Continued)
Real estate industry environment (Continued)
Overall market correction (Continued)
With the benefits of sustained population inflow and high level of
developments, first-tier cities consistently enjoy massive economic
resources, have low inventory level and scarce land supply; and thus
robust real estate demand. When transaction volume contracts in
2017 as impacted by the tightening measures, property and land
prices will still remain at high levels, with low chance of price crash.
Overall transaction by area in second-tier cities will not drop
substantially, but as market sentiment weakens during policies
tightening, property and land prices will have higher chance of
correction, especially when local governments becoming more
proactive for increasing land supply. These cities (especially hotspot
second-tier cities and third-tier cities benefiting from demand
overflow by nearby first-tier cities), in addition to their industry and
population transformation, will be further boosted by the formation
of “Metropolitans” with the neighboring cities. They are the city
segments that offer most attractive opportunities and deserves most
attentions in 2017.
The Group’s development strategies
The Group adopts the strategy of pursuing “sustainable, prudent and
quality growth” which aims at enhancing profitability and controlling
growth of debts, when pursuing fast growth in financial results and
scale. CIFI emphasizes both growth in scale and profitability, and
stresses prudence in the course of fast growth. While achieving
growth in scale, we strive to maintain strong profitability and to create
shareholders’ value. While placing emphasis on financial results, we
endeavor to improve our products and services.
From a long-term perspective, urbanization is the most important
factor which dominates the development of real estate industry.
China’s urbanization process is far from saturation and still has a long
way to develop. At present, China’s first- and large second-tier cities
are transforming into “regional metropolitans”, thus offering massive
development opportunities to the real estate industry.
OUTLOOK FOR 2017 (Continued)
The Group’s development strategies (Continued)
We are firmly bullish on the prospects of our main business in China
real estate. We focus on China’s first- and large second-tier cities.
We grow and strengthen our main business, by expanding in cities
within the core metropolitan areas. We thrive to become a respected
developer brand in the mid-to-high end segment. On the other hand,
we leverage on the profitability and scale of our strong main business
to invest in strategic stakes in “real estate plus” businesses, aspiring
to achieve attractive returns in these real estate ancillary sectors
characterized by massive market scale with strong growth potential
using new innovative business models.
The Group has set an initial contracted sales target for the full year of
2017 at RMB65.00 billion, representing an increase of approximately
23% from the contracted sales in 2016. We expect during the early
phase of market correction in the first half of the year, most secondtier
cities still sustain last year’s market strength, thus market
sentiment will be better than the second half of the year. Our planned
operating rhythm stresses accelerating sales clearance, expediting
construction to ensure timely supply of saleable resources, launching
sales at high sell-through ratio, realizing saleable resources at high
prices, thus alleviating the market pressure in the second half. Based
on our anticipation of the market, our abundant saleable resources and
conservative assumption due to expected market weakness, we are
confident of achieving our 2017 yearly sales target.
In 2017, we will closely monitor the property and land price
movements in hotspot second-tier cities. As property prices in these
cities increased excessively, land prices in hotspot cities may lead
the price drop due to effects of the austerity measures and market
weakness as well as more proactive local land supply. This will indeed
offer good land investment opportunities. Furthermore, we are also
bullish on the prospects of rental properties in first-tier cities, especially
office projects. Last year, we maximized sales while constrained
land investments, thereby preserving our strong financial capacity
and avoiding acquisition of “land kings” with aggressive prices and
weak profitability. We expect that the upcoming year offers better
investment opportunities compared to the previous year. When land
prices show meaningful corrections, we will decisively make more
land acquisitions, positioning us for the next upcoming market peak in
future.
OUTLOOK FOR 2017 (Continued)
The Group’s development strategies (Continued)
In spite of this year’s transitional industry correction, we expect
China’s real estate market will sustain its tremendous scale and
experience industry consolidation. We anticipate that market shares
of Top 20 developers will be doubled within the next five years. This
represents a great development opportunity for CIFI. In the next
decade, China real estate will still be a sector intensely interfered by
government policies. The real estate market in China will follow the
features of short-cycle fluctuation from time to time. Every cycle of
market fluctuations offer development opportunities to CIFI. Our track
records have demonstrated that it is indeed CIFI’s strength to leverage
upon opportunities from industry’s fluctuation and achieve growth.
APPRECIATION
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere
appreciation to all employees for their dedication and hard work, and
to our shareholders, bondholders and business partners for their
support in the past year.
CIFI Holdings (Group) Co. Ltd.
LIN Zhong
Chairman