Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of Zhongsheng Group Holdings Limited ( Zhongsheng or the Company ), it is my pleasure to present the annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year 2010.
During the year ended 31 December 2010, the growth of the passenger vehicle market in China maintained strong momentum.
Zhongsheng further expanded its 4S dealership network through organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Through improvement of our after-sale services as well as consolidation of our existing customers base, the Company achieved continuous growth in its businesses. Our various performance indicators showed remarkable and distinguished results. During the year under review, the Company recorded a revenue of RMB24,042.9 million, representing an increase of 75.2% from RMB13,722.2 million in 2009. Our profit reached RMB1,082.4 million, representing an increase of 119.6% from RMB493.0 million in 2009. Earnings per share was RMB0.56 
The Company has been proactive in expanding its business and achieving development since its successful listing on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) in 2010. During the year under review, the Company was selected as a constituent of Hang Seng Composite Index, which magnificently enhanced our international reputation and corporate image. This also allowed investors to assess the potential in the development of Zhongsheng. In addition, the innovative service model created by Zhongsheng also expedited the innovation of the enterprise as a whole, and became the primary driving force for the sustainable and rapid development of the Company. In November 2010, the Company was awarded Distinguished Management Models in China on the basis of this unique service model, which contributed to the unceasing growth in our business.
Sustainable Growth of Passenger Vehicle Market in China In 2010, China achieved a faster recovery from the financial crisis than other countries. China s economy maintained a high growth and remains buoyant. Income of the residents increased as the economy turned prosperous, which stimulated the demand for passenger vehicles to a substantial extent. According to the statistics of the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, the automobiles manufactured and sold in China was approximately 18 million units in 2010, representing an increase of 32.4% year-on-year. This figure surpassed the historical record set by the United States, and China remained the first in terms of both the output and new car sales in the world for the second consecutive year.
Expansion of 4S Dealership Network through Strategic Acquisitions During the year under review and the first quarter of 2011, Zhongsheng further expanded the existing 4S dealership network by capitalizing on the opportunities arising from the market through organic growth and strategic acquisitions. The Company achieved an enhanced efficiency from scale and an effective control over costs and inventories. In order to expand our market share in certain regions such as Fujian, Beijing, Tianjin, Liaoning, Sichuan, Shandong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Shaanxi, the Company made a number of mergers and acquisitions. Three of such mergers and acquisitions that were most significant were the acquisitions of 100% equity interest in Fuzhou Huarui Automobile Sales Service Co., Ltd. and Fuzhou Grand Rich Da Trade Co., Ltd., the acquisition of a 50% equity interest in B&L Motor Holding Co., Ltd. and the acquisition of a 55% equity interest in New Wing Enterprises Limited.
As of the date of this report, the Group had 98 4S dealership throughout China, which are primarily located at the coastal cities in northeastern China, northern China, eastern China and southern China as well as selected inland regions in southwestern China and northwestern China, all of which are more affluent regions in China.
Focus on Luxury and Mid-to-High Brands As the living standards of the people in China continue to improve, Zhongsheng has been active in developing different target markets so as to fulfill the needs of different customers. The Company introduced two more brands, Porsche and Lamborghini in 2010, which further enriched our brand mix. At present, the automobile brand portfolio of Zhongsheng covers luxury brands such as Mercedes-Benz, Lexus, Audi, Porsche and Lamborghini as well as mid-to-high brands such as Toyota, Nissan and Honda. In terms of sales and the number of 4S dealerships, we are one of the largest automobile dealership groups for Toyota and Lexus in China, and both brands are our top sales 
Customer Oriented After-sales Services By adhering to a customer oriented rationale, Zhongsheng is always committed to understand the different needs of customers, and to provide quality and reliable after-sales services to our customers, such as repair, maintenance and detailing. During the year under review, the Company opened quick repair shops in Liaoning and other areas, which expanded our service network and succeeded in consolidating our existing customers base whilst acquiring new customers. The Company believes that the loyalty of the customers is the driving force for us to improve our services. On the other hand, the after-sales services segment, which is of higher gross profit margin, can enhance the profitability of the Company and bring steady income.

Looking ahead, the Company will continue to expand its businesses in the luxury and mid-to-high end passenger vehicle market by capitalizing on the opportunities arising from the market and exploring acclaimed brands with potential. The Company will consolidate its development in coastal cities at northeastern China, northern China, eastern China and southern China as well as selected inland regions where the customers have higher consumption power, so as to increase our market share in these regions. In terms of strategic network layout, the Company is planning to develop luxury brands in the first and second tier cities, and mid-to-high end brands in the third and fourth tier cities when opening new dealerships in 2011. We will also continue to identify merger and acquisitions opportunities and aim to increase the number of our 4S dealerships to over 130.
By adhering to our motto of Zhongsheng Group Lifetime Partner , the Company is committed to maintain a close relationship with its customers. In order to provide one-stop service in a more comprehensive manner, the Company will continue to expand and consolidate the businesses in quick repair shop, second-hand automobiles, car rental, insurance brokerage and automobile financing brokerage. The Company is planning to offer internal and external training to senior management and staff at all levels through various means. At the same time, we will introduce advanced performance appraisal mechanisms and optimize the existing Zhongsheng s unique ERP administration platform so as to ensure the delivery of better services to our customers and satisfactory return to shareholders for their support.
The remarkable results we achieved in 2010 were attributable to the loyal services and contribution of all employees of the Company as well as the support and encouragement from all shareholders and business partners. On behalf of the Board, I wish to express my sincere gratitude to the employees, shareholders and business partners of the Group.

Hong Kong, 21 March 2011 