Chairman s Statement 
Dear honourable shareholders, On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors , each a Director ) of Zhongsheng Group Holdings Limited ( Zhongsheng or the Company ), I am very pleased to present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 
Affected by the global economic downturn, China s economy still grew at a slow pace during 2012. During the year of 2012, the automobile market in China has seen a single-digit growth for two consecutive years and more intense competition in new automobile sales. Every brand automobile owner has enhanced its marketing efforts in order to attract customers.
A significant increase in the inventory level of automobile dealers caused by the keener competition and an increase in financial costs brought an adverse impact on the profit of the automobile dealers in 2012. In addition, the sales of Japanese brand automobiles were also impacted by the islands dispute in early September of 2012.
2012 was a year full of challenges for the automobile dealers.
Despite an overall slowdown in the automobile industry, the Group was still able to fully capitalize on its leading advantage in the industry to actively exploit potential markets. In addition to the new automobile sales business, the Group, with its philosophy of providing quality customer-oriented services, has also spared no effort in the development of its after- sales services business and other value-added business, and diversified and optimized the industry chain. In 2012, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB50,048.3 million, representing an increase of 19.4% from RMB41,903.4 million for 2011. The revenue from sales of new automobiles increased by 18.3% to RMB45,219.2 million from RMB38,239.5 million for 2011. The revenue from after-sales services business increased by 31.8% to RMB4,829.1 million from RMB3,663.9 million for 2011. However, impacted by severe market conditions, profit attributable to owners of the 
parent for 2012 amounted to RMB750.5 million, representing a decrease of 47.0% from RMB1,417.3 million for 2011.
Earnings per share was RMB0.39 (2011: RMB0.74).
Zhongsheng has maintained a stable and progressive pace in this challenging environment. The Group was selected as a constituent stock of Hang Seng Mainland 100 Index in March 2012 and thus became one of the performance indexes of domestic companies in the Hong Kong stock market. Such privilege enhanced the reputation and corporate image of the Group and increased our prestige and influence in the international capital market, which served as a benchmark for investors to assess our development potentials. In addition, in 2012 the Group has been selected by Forbes magazine as The 50 BEST Publicly Traded Companies in Asia-Pacific ( FAB50 ) for two consecutive years. As the only automobile dealership enterprise in the Asia region that won the award, the Group s leading position in the automobile dealership industry was further established.
During the year, we have continued to further expand our existing 4S dealerships network by organic growth and strategic acquisitions to consolidate and expand our market shares in various cities and enhance our competitive edge.
In 2012, we have set up 16 new dealerships in economically affluent regions or regions with strong growth potential such as Shandong, Zhejiang, Guangdong, Fujian and Sichuan.
We have also actively approached companies with potential and successfully acquired 4 dealerships in Zhejiang, Fujian and Guangdong. As of 31 December 2012, the Group had 160 automobile dealerships, representing an increase of 20 dealerships from the date of 2011 Annual Report, covering 15 provinces and regions and nearly 60 cities in China.

As a large-scale automobile dealership, the Group endeavours to seize market opportunities and actively expand the business scale. The core management team of the Group has extensive experience in the sales of automobiles. We have continued to strengthen the Group s internal management and business integration, so as to enhance the Group s core 
According to the data published by China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, since 2009, China has been the world s largest new passenger vehicle market for four consecutive years. A large number of ownership in automobiles has brought significant business opportunities for after-sales service business and second-hand car business.
In addition, with the accelerating urbanization, the focus of the market demand for automobiles has gradually shifted from the first-tier cities to the second-, third-, and fourth-tier cities. During recent years, although urbanization in China has significantly accelerated, the construction of the urbanization has still been at the preliminary phase with relatively large room for development as compared to that in the developed countries such as European countries, and the United States.
At the end of 2012, urbanization was included as one of the six priorities in the Central Economic Work Conference for 2013. The progress of urbanization has pushed up the urban population and the income level of urban dwellers, driving the increase of consumption and the improvement of related transportation infrastructure. Benefiting from the urbanization policy, the market demand for automobiles in the second- and-third-tier cities and rural areas would be stimulated, which would serve as a new momentum for the growth of domestic automobile sales volume. With expansion of nationwide dealership network across China, and a diversified and balanced luxury and mid-to-high-end brands portfolio, we believe that the Group will have unlimited opportunities.

Looking forward, with a corporate motto of Zhongsheng Group Lifetime Partner , we shall continue to optimize our brand portfolio and our nationwide network. While the development of urbanization will promote the sales of new automobiles, it will also bring business opportunities for after-sales service business and second-hand car business.
Therefore, the Group will actively capture market opportunities to strengthen the core business and spare no effort to develop other businesses along the industry chain, in order to provide comprehensive quality services to customers and become their lifelong partner.
The growth of the Group should be credited to the dedication of all staff members, sincere cooperation of business partners and the support from all shareholders. I would like to express our sincere gratitude to all of you for your valuable contributions to our development.

Hong Kong, 25 March 2013 