CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S STATEMENT
(All amounts expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)
SJM’s gaming business continued its growth in 2013, achieving record levels of revenue and profi tability. Increased
visitation to Macau and spending per visitor combined to boost SJM’s mass market table gaming revenue by
13.1% and SJM’s total gaming revenue by 10.2%, whilst economies of scale resulted in greater growth in
Adjusted EBITDA (earnings after adjustment for non-controlling interests and before accounting for interest
income and expense, tax, depreciation and amortisation, donations, loss on disposal of property and equipment
and share-based payments) of 13.7% and growth in profi t attributable to owners of 14.2%.
SJM continued to hold the leading position among the six casino operators in Macau, with a market share of
24.8%.
The Group’s fl agship Casino Grand Lisboa increased its Adjusted Property EBITDA by 3.9% for the year. Casino
Grand Lisboa’s VIP gaming revenue increased by 13.6% while mass market table games revenue decreased by
1.3%. Occupancy at the Grand Lisboa Hotel was 96.4% for the full year, at an average room rate of $2,235.
During 2013, the Group also maintained its fi nancial strength, with total cash and bank balances increasing to
$26.7 billion as at the end of the year. Debt outstanding of the Group was $1.5 billion as at 31 December 2013.
The Group achieved a significant milestone in 2013 as SJM agreed to lease 70,468 square metres of land
on Cotai from the Macau Government for an initial term of 25 years, for construction of the Lisboa Palace
casino gaming resort. At completion in 2017, the Lisboa Palace will contain approximately 700 gaming tables
and 1,000 slot machines as well as approximately 2,000 hotel rooms (subject to the obtaining of applicable
licences). Geotechnical work on the site was completed in 2013 and the groundbreaking ceremony was held and
construction of foundation work began on 13 February 2014.
Our strategic objective is sustainable long-term growth in shareholder value. As a leading operator, owner and
developer of casinos and related businesses in Macau, our key strategies for delivering this objective are as follows:
• We will continue to build, own and manage or invest in casinos and related businesses in Macau, as
permitted by government regulation.
• We will continue to improve and enhance the effi ciency of our existing properties in both the mass market
and VIP segments of the gaming business.
• We will remain focused principally on Macau, while selectively considering opportunities for future expansion
in the Asian region.
• We will maintain a strong fi nancial position, with a view to long term growth.
Subject to approval by shareholders at the 2014 annual general meeting, the Board of Directors has recommended
a fi nal dividend of HK50 cents per ordinary share and a special dividend of HK30 cents per ordinary share. In
addition to the interim dividend of HK20 cents per ordinary share paid previously, total dividends for the year
would amount to HK100 cents per ordinary share.
The Board of Directors would like to express its appreciation to all levels of staff for their contributions to the
Company’s success during the past year, and to our shareholders and business partners for their support.
So Shu Fai
Chief Executive Offi cer
Hong Kong, 26 February 2014