CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S STATEMENT
(All amounts expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)
SJM Holdings Limited Annual Report 2016 7
Macau experienced the third consecutive year of declining gaming revenue, due to a combination of economic
conditions and policy measures, which continued to affect discretionary and luxury spending across-the-board.
According to the Macau Government, total casino gaming revenue in 2016 declined by 3.3% from the previous
year in spite of the opening of new projects in Cotai. The decline was manifest most strongly in the VIP segment
of the market, as many high-rollers continued to stay away from Macau or reduced their gaming budgets.
SJM’s VIP gaming revenue declined by 20.5% in 2016 compared with the previous year, whilst the declines in
mass market table gaming and slot machine revenues were 8.2% and 6.4%, respectively. As a result, the
Group’s adjusted EBITDA (earnings after adjustment for non-controlling interests and before accounting for
interest income and expense, tax, depreciation and amortisation, donations, premium on acquisition written off,
loss on disposal/write-off of property and equipment, share-based payments and impairment loss on availablefor-sale
investment in equity securities and assets of a subsidiary) fell by 11.5% whilst profit attributable to
owners of the Company declined by 5.6%. SJM’s market share of Macau gaming revenue was 19.1% in 2016.
The Group’s flagship Casino Grand Lisboa showed a decline in Adjusted Grand Lisboa EBITDA by 18.2% for the
year. Casino Grand Lisboa’s VIP gaming revenue decreased by 16.9%, mass market table gaming revenue and
slot machine revenue decreased by 8.6% and 3.7%, respectively. Occupancy at the Grand Lisboa Hotel was
91.7% for the full year, at an average room rate of $1,581.
During 2016, the Group maintained a strong financial position, whilst returning $1.2 billion to shareholders as
dividends. Total cash and bank balances stood at $13.6 billion as at 31 December 2016, and debt outstanding of
the Group was $0.5 billion.
The Group’s Grand Lisboa Palace project on Cotai, which embodies our long-term confidence in Macau and in
China as well as our commitment to the solid diversification of our tourism business, made substantial progress
in 2016, and we anticipate opening the resort in the first half of 2018. The Grand Lisboa Palace will increase our
hotel room capacity by almost five times and provide best-in-category shopping, dining, entertainment and
events facilities that will enhance Macau’s position as a world centre of tourism and leisure.
Also during 2016 we reopened the casino facilities at the Jai Alai building, and we anticipate opening the Jai Alai
Hotel soon, to complete our entertainment complex at Oceanus at Jai Alai.
SJM is always committed to the support of the local community, through donations and sponsorship of worthy
activities in Macau, covering charities, welfare groups, education, culture, sports and major tourist events. In
addition, to support the Macau SAR Government’s policy on prioritising purchases from local SMEs, SJM jointly
launched the “SJM and Macau SME Procurement Partnership Programme” with the Macao Chamber of
Commerce in August, and up until 31 December 2016, 776 local suppliers have enrolled in the Programme.
Following the successful launch, SJM has held two Business Matching Sessions, offering MOP280 million worth
of business opportunities, of which MOP37 million is allocated to “Micro Enterprise”, “Made in Macau” and
“Young Entrepreneur” businesses.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express our appreciation to all of our employees for their
loyalty and diligent work during the past year, and to our shareholders and business partners for their support.
So Shu Fai
Chief Executive Officer
Hong Kong, 28 February 2017
