Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to present
the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31
December 2016 and wish to extend my sincere gratitude for
your continuous support and concern.
By the time this report is published, we have got through
another “cold winter” of low oil prices. During the past
year, global economic growth remained stubbornly low.
International oil prices stayed at a low level during the first
half of the year and rebounded moderately during the
second half. The oil industry all over the world experienced
turbulence caused by the plunge in oil prices. Although
prolonged low oil prices have exerted considerable pressure
on the Company’s profitability, you may have already
noticed that we were able to further demonstrate our strong
cost competitiveness. In addition, we kept improving our
corporate governance mechanism and both our abilities to
withstand risks and sustain growth have been enhanced.
In 2016, the Company achieved net oil and gas production
of 476.9 million BOE amidst a further reduction in capital
expenditures. The four projects planned at beginning
of the year all successfully commenced production. In
terms of exploration, a total of 14 commercial discoveries
were made, and 25 successful appraisals of oil and gas
structures were achieved. Oil and gas reserves derived
from independent exploration in offshore China maintained
at relatively high levels. Exploration activities in new areas
achieved breakthroughs too. Several major high-quality
projects overseas progressed smoothly. Exploration in the
Starbroek block in Guyana once again achieved a significant
discovery.
The Company’s oil and gas sales revenue for the year
amounted to RMB121.3 billion; net profits reached RMB637
million. While delivering our results for the year, we have not
forgotten to reward our shareholders: the Board of Directors
has recommended a final dividend of HK$0.23 (tax inclusive)
per share for the year.
Before this cycle of sharp fall of oil prices, the Company’s
management took precautions and initiated the “Year
of Quality and Efficiency” program by implementing very
stringent cost control. For the last three years, we have
unrelentingly pursued a management concept centered
on cost control and efficiency enhancement. We have
formulated a practical development plan for the Company. I
am pleased to take this once-a-year opportunity to sincerely
communicate with you in a hope to further enhance your
understanding of the Company.
Reshaping our cost competitiveness
The most important link in the Company’s value chain has
always been to create more benefits to our shareholders.
Facing with oil price fluctuations – which are beyond our
control – we have consistently put cost control as the key
in dealing with industry cycles. Over the past four years, the
Company’s all-in cost has dropped from its highest level of US$45.02 per BOE in 2013 to US$34.67 per BOE in 2016.
The operating expenses per BOE have significantly declined
by 37.8%, back to US$7 level.
In 2016, the Company paid further attention to quality and
efficiency and struck a balance between the Company’s
short-term going concern and long-term sustainable
development. It pursued growth with value and increased
profitability-oriented production volume. As a result, its
ability for sustainable development has improved overall.
Since the listing of the Company, we have never
compromised the pursuit for quality of our growth. In recent
years, through further cost management, paying attention to
every minor area, and reshaping our cost competitiveness
from the Company level to project level, we have been able
to achieve the outstanding results that we see today.
In 2016, the Company maintained prudent financial policies,
improved capital efficiency, optimized its asset portfolio
structure, focused more on asset returns, and realized
sound and steady growth in every business areas.
Reform and innovation spur growth
Long before there were any inklings of the current low oil
price environment, the management had begun to explore
ways to resolve bottlenecks in the growth of the Company.
This year, innovative strategies are being implemented
to drive growth, and human resources systems reforms
were deepened to stimulate the vitality of the Company’s
development.
A people-oriented approach with a strategy to develop
talent forms the foundation of the Company’s development.
We fully appreciate that talent is the driving force of our
growth. Without a sufficient talent reserve, the Company
would lack the momentum for long-term growth. For this
reason, we have stepped up our efforts to train young
management and research personnel and we have adopted
incentives to stimulate the continued development of the
Company.
Thanks to its effective talent and development strategies,
the Company has made considerable achievements in the
area of scientific research during the year. With research
focusing on exploration and development technology
of deep-water oil and gas fields, offshore heavy oil, low
porosity and low permeability oil and gas fields, the
Company has benefitted from some remarkable research
progresses – a number of which have already been applied
with good results. Such research provides strong technical
support for the sustainable development of the Company.
However, reforming and innovating do not mean reckless
endeavor. During the past year, we maintained a prudent
financial policy and focused our efforts in building a sound
risk management system to better monitor and control the
risks associating with major investment decision-making
processes.
The Company attaches great importance to health, safety
and environmental protection, promoting the awareness of
safety, strengthening safety and risk control, and enhancing
the development of a safety culture. We have taken strict
precautions to prevent major risks in order to achieve
smooth and stable operations throughout the year.
We have continued to ensure that our standards are on par
with our international first-class peers. Through continuous
learning and innovation, we want to ensure a smooth ride
for the Company. In 2016, the Company was awarded the
“Asian Excellence Award” and “Asia’s Best Corporate Social
Responsibility (China)” award by Corporate Governance
Asia, the Platinum Award of “2016 Corporate Awards”
and “Best Initiatives in Environmental Responsibility” by
The Asset, and “2016 China Securities Golden Bauhinia
Awards – Most Influential Brand for a Listed Company” by
Ta Kung Pao, which highlights the market recognition of
the Company’s good governance and its fulfilment of social
responsibility.
A comprehensive strategic plot
In 2017, our strategies in exploration will focus on the
continued search for large and medium-sized oil and gas
fields. We will adhere to a value-driven approach, optimize
our exploration portfolio and focus on the quality of our oil
and gas reserves. We will prioritize high-return and quickmonetization
assets to enhance the competitiveness of
our core business and to secure the mid-to-long term
sustainable development of the Company.
In 2017, a total of five new projects will commence
production, of which, the Penglai 19-9 comprehensive
adjustment project and the Enping 23-1 oilfields have
already come on stream. During the year, more than
20 new projects will be under construction, laying a
strong foundation for the sustainable development of the
Company.
After years of hard work, we have established our presence
in more than 20 countries and regions. With its diversified
portfolio of high-quality assets, the Company actively
participates in numerous world-class oil and gas projects,
becoming one of the world’s leading industry players.
Whatever challenges lie ahead, we are fully confident of the
Company’s future development potential.
In 2016, Mr. Liu Jian was appointed as the Vice Chairman
and a Non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. Yuan
Guangyu was appointed as the President and an Executive
Director of the Company. Mr. Li Fanrong resigned as the
Chief Executive Officer and an Executive Director. Mr. Lv
Bo resigned as a Non-executive Director. On behalf of the
Board of Directors, I would like to express my gratitude to
Mr. Li Fanrong and Mr. Lv Bo for their contributions and
services to the Company and welcome Mr. Liu Jian and Mr.
Yuan Guangyu.
Considering the uncertainties in the world’s economy,
we have no way of predicting the future of oil prices.
Nevertheless, with our team’s determination and
perseverance, with our courage and confidence, we believe
that we can overcome difficulties and look forward to a
brighter future.
Yang Hua
Chairman and CEO
Hong Kong, 23 March 2017