CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S STATEMENT
(All amounts expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise stated)
SJM Holdings Limited Annual Report 2015 7
Macau experienced the second consecutive year of declining gaming revenue, due to economic conditions and
policy measures principally in Mainland China, which have affected discretionary and luxury spending across-theboard.
According to the Macau Government, total casino gaming revenue in 2015 declined by 34.3% from the
previous year. The decline was manifest most strongly in the VIP segment of the market, as many high-rollers
continued to stay away from Macau or reduced their gaming budgets. Mass market table gaming and slot
machine revenues were also affected.
SJM’s VIP gaming revenue declined by 48.0% in 2015 compared with the previous year, whilst the declines in
mass market table gaming and slot machine revenues were 24.6% and 14.8%, respectively. As a result, the
Group’s adjusted EBITDA (earnings after adjustment for non-controlling interests and before accounting for
interest income and expense, tax, depreciation and amortisation, donations, premium on acquisition written off,
loss on disposal/write-off of property and equipment, share-based payments and impairment loss on availablefor-sale
investment in equity securities) fell by 50.3% whilst profit attributable to owners of the Company
declined by 63.4%, after accounting for impaired value of available-for-sale investment in equity securities and
the impact of suspending operations of a satellite casino. SJM’s market share of Macau gaming revenue was
21.7% in 2015.
The Group’s flagship Casino Grand Lisboa showed a decline in Adjusted Property EBITDA by 49.5% for the year.
Casino Grand Lisboa’s VIP gaming revenue decreased by 50.6%, mass market table gaming revenue and slot
machine revenue decreased by 25.4% and 17.8%, respectively. Occupancy at the Grand Lisboa Hotel was 83%
for the full year, at an average room rate of $2,030.
During 2015, the Group maintained a strong financial position, whilst returning $4.1 billion to shareholders as
dividends. Total cash and bank balances stood at $17.3 billion as at 31 December 2015, and debt outstanding of
the Group was $0.7 billion.
The Group’s project on Cotai, now named the Grand Lisboa Palace, which embodies our confidence in Macau
and in China as well as our commitment to the solid diversification of our tourism business, made substantial
progress in 2015. Foundation work and much of the superstructure were completed during the year, and we
anticipate topping off the structure later in 2016. On completion, the Grand Lisboa Palace will increase our hotel
room capacity by almost five times and provide best-in-category shopping, dining, entertainment and events
facilities that will enhance Macau’s position as a world centre of tourism and leisure.
As we grow our business locally we are committed to the development of local talent, which comprises over
90% of our employees in Macau. We provide training and education programmes including full sponsorship for
studies at Macau Millennium College, the SJM Scholarship programme for dependents of staff, a customer
services coaching programme as well as various soft and hard skills training courses. In 2015 and 2016 we
initiated additional benefits for employees including increased living subsidy and incentive leave, expanded
maternity and paternity benefits, establishment of the SJM Excellence Staff Center, and sponsorship with ICBC
Macau of the SJM staff credit card.
SJM is also committed to the support of the local community, through donations and sponsorship of a number
of worthy activities in Macau, covering charities, welfare groups, education, culture, sports and major tourist
events. In 2015 we established the SJM Volunteer Team, to encourage and organise the volunteer activities of
our staff. Of the many honors and awards received by SJM, we are most proud to have received from Business
Awards of Macau the Corporate Social Responsibility Award (Gold Award) for 2015.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express our appreciation to all levels of staff for their loyalty
and diligent work during the past year, and to our shareholders and business partners for their support.
So Shu Fai
Chief Executive Officer
Hong Kong, 23 February 2016