Chairman s Statement 
2014 was an unusual year for the Company. The world economic recovery has hardly moved forward and China s economy has shifted gear to the New Normal medium- to-high growth rate. Since the second half of the year, international oil prices have plunged, reaching a hefty 50% decrease by the end of the year. This plummet strongly affected the oil industry all over the world, bringing with it a cold winter . The Company, whose business is primarily oil and gas exploration and development, has sensed the pinch of the cold winter .
The cold winter struck a serious blow against the Company s development, investment strategy, as well as its operational management. Facing the challenges, we continued to follow the New Leap Forward blueprint and determined to build our competitive edge in order to achieve sustainable development. We have strengthened our confidence, worked hand in hand to map out our long-term strategy and tackled the immediate problems, and achieved solid progress in different areas of our business.
First, to solidify our business foundation and continue to focus our effort on exploration and development. The volatility of oil prices is an inherent risk for the oil industry. We did not expand recklessly when oil prices are high, nor did we bring ourselves to a standstill simply because oil prices temporarily plummeted. In 2014, the Company s overall production and operations have remained stable. We were able to meet our operational targets and further enhanced our overall competitiveness.
The Company achieved a number of breakthroughs in the area of exploration. We made our first major independent deepwater oil and gas discovery Lingshui 17-2, a hundred-billion cubic meters large-sized gas field, and confirmed the enormous exploration potential for Qiongdongnan Basin. Within our core area Bohai, we also achieved a number of medium-to-large-sized crude oil discoveries. At the end of 2014, the Company s net proved reserves increased to 4.48 billion BOE, providing a solid resource base for our medium to long-term development.
In 2014, more than 10 new projects commenced production, including Liwan 3-1, the first major deepwater gas field in offshore China. The Company s net oil and gas production reached approximately 432.5 million BOE.
With this result, we successfully met our production target established earlier in the year and reinforced our leading position among the world s oil and gas exploration and 
Following years of overseas development, the Company has essentially completed its global portfolio allocation.
2014 was the second year since we welcomed Nexen to the family. During the year, the integration with Nexen was the focus of our overseas development. We are dedicated to integration of production and operations as well as corporate culture. The production and operations of Nexen have moved ahead steadily and the integration has progressed smoothly. At the same time, the performance of the Company s other overseas assets also improved.
Second, strengthen our overall cost control and adhere to prudent operations. Cost control is a core element of the Company s competitiveness and is crucial in determining the Company s resilience against external risks. Over the years, the Company has always adhered to a prudent financial policy, emphasizing cost control and prudent operations. To combat the trend of escalating costs, the Company decided to launch a program in early 2014 called the Year of Quality and Efficiency to review and strengthen cost-control measures. Under this program, the Company continued to streamline the management flow in exploration, development and production and made considerable efforts to lower the costs for projects under construction. The Company also further promoted integration of exploration and development, improved efficiencies for oil and gas fields, and yielded favorable results.
Third, focus on safety and environmental protection work, which is essential to the Company s development. In 2014, the Company s overall safety and environmental protection performance remained stable, forming a solid foundation for our operations and production.
In 2015, we may face even more severe environment for our exploration and development, the Board of Directors and management worked hand in hand, gathered their knowledge, and formulated the strategies and measures to address the low oil price environment and promote the New Leap Forward plan.
First, we will prioritize our exploration capital expenditures in our core area offshore China and strengthen our growth potential; continue to improve the quality and efficiency of our development and production work and maintain a balance between production volume and efficiency; and focus on optimizing our overseas portfolio and continue to strengthen and streamline our overseas business.
Second, we will consolidate the results of the Year of Quality and Efficiency , and develop a long-term system for lowering cost and increasing efficiency; continue to strengthen our prudent investment decisions and carefully assess various risks; raise efficiency for our resource allocation and optimize our portfolio; and establish long- term strategies while at the same time capturing the present reserve potential for future development.
Third, we will continue to improve our environmental protection system, strengthen the production safety alert mechanism and enhance our overseas safety and environmental protection management.
On top of maintaining stable and healthy production growth, the Board approved the capital expenditures decrease by 26% to 35% for the year 2015 compared to 2014 through stringent cost control and increased efficiency. This will help us to maintain a healthy cash flow in a low oil price environment. In view of the healthy financial condition of the Company, the Board has recommended a final dividend of HK$0.32 per share (tax inclusive) for the year 2014.
At this moment, spring has just arrived in the Bohai area, the Company s key battlefield for oil and gas exploration and development, thawing the ocean surface and bringing our employees on the offshore platforms a new wind; in Hong Kong, where the Company is listed, spring has further enlivened the vibrant city. Although the oil industry is still under a cold winter of low oil prices, we are confident that spring will arrive. Therefore, we will proactively carry out innovative measures, enhance quality and efficiency, and lay a solid foundation for future growth. We deeply believe that the Company will take the New Leap Forward plan towards future successes and long term, sustainable 
