Chairman s Statement 
Dear honourable shareholders, On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors of Zhongsheng Group Holdings Limited ( Zhongsheng Group or the Company ), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 
2014 was a difficult year for the dealership industry. From the macroeconomic perspective, global economy experienced slow recovery. According to the report of the National Bureau of Statistics, the growth rate of China s GDP in 2014 was 7.4%. The slowdown in economic growth posed a downside risk to almost all industries. In 2014, the total sales volume of new cars in China reached 23.4919 million and the year-on-year growth rate slowdowned to 6.86% though it still ranked first in the world for six consecutive years, raising a general fear in the market that future demands will change. In 2014, emerging business modes further penetrated into the market and posed various challenges to the traditional dealerships.
Facing challenges and operating in such a complicated and dynamic environment with frequent changing of the relevant policies, automobile dealerships in China experienced continuous decline in gross profit margin of new car sales. However, based on the judgment on the underlying trend of the future industrial development, Zhongsheng Group still adhered to its strategies of steady expansion to optimize its geographical and product mix. As of 31 December 2014, the Group had 191 automobile dealerships, including 80 luxury brand dealerships and 111 mid-to-high-end brand dealerships, covering 19 provinces and regions and over 70 cities in China.

In 2014, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB54,786.7 million, representing an increase of 4.3% as compared to a revenue of RMB52,527.4 million in 2013. In particular, revenue from new car sales increased from RMB46,493.0 million in 2013 to RMB47,961.6 million, representing an increase of 3.2%. Revenue from after-sales services increased from RMB6,034.4 million in 2013 to RMB6,825.1 million, representing an increase of 13.1%. Our profit attributable to owners of the parent for 2014 was RMB750.9 million, earnings per share was RMB0.35 (2013: 
China s automobile industry developed rapidly. However, driven by the rapid growth of the market and consumer s awareness, demands have been changing. The previous long-term rapid increase in sales volume of new cars hides the fact that the dealership industry is not mature enough. We regard these current market changes as an opportunity for self-reflection, self- adjustment and self-enhancement of the dealership industry, which will make the industry to form a more rational view about the development in the future and facilitates elimination and consolidation in the industry.
In the coming years, China s automobile industry will enter an important period of transformation and upgrade, faced with both challenges and opportunities. While optimizing our network coverage and enhancing our management steadily, we increasingly recognize the power of scale economics. Every industry will return to a steady growth following a rapid growth, and scale economics will provide enterprises with healthy growth under a stable market environment. Services and product quality as well as management and cost control are critical factors to the success of the dealership industry in the future.
Looking forward, with a corporate motto of Zhongsheng Group Lifetime Partner as always, we will continue to pay close attention to the trend of changes in the demands of the market and consumer and focus on the organic growth to continuously refine our operation and management, expand derivative business and achieve self-enhancement.
2014 marked a significant milestone of the 20th anniversary of the Group. Although the Group has been facing various challenges, it achieved growth and expansion on a continuing basis. Great effort of its employees, strong cooperation among its business partners, full support and encouragement from its shareholders are essential to its success. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere gratitude to all of you for your valuable contributions to our development.

Hong Kong, 30 March 2015 