Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present to you the business review and outlook of CIFI Holdings (Group) Co. Ltd. ( CIFI or the Company , which together with its subsidiaries, is referred to as the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2015.

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend for 2015 (payable in cash with a scrip option) of RMB9.35 cents per share (the Proposed Final Dividend ). The Company paid an interim dividend ( Interim Dividend ) of 3 HK cents per share paid in respect of the first six months of the year.
The Proposed Final Dividend shall be declared in RMB and paid in Hong Kong dollars and will be converted from RMB into Hong Kong dollars at the average middle rate of RMB to Hong Kong dollars as announced by the People s Bank of China ( PBOC Exchange Rate ) for the five business days preceding the date of declaration of dividend. Based on the prevailing PBOC Exchange Rate and the total outstanding number of issued shares of the Company as at the date of this annual results announcement, the Proposed Final Dividend is equivalent to 11 HK cents per share, which together with the Interim Dividend, will bring the total dividends to approximately 14 HK cents per share or approximately RMB784,800,000 for the year under review. The total dividend payout ratio for the year will be approximately 35% of the core net profit attributable to equity owners.

In 2015, driven by favourable government policies, China s real estate market started to recover. Leveraging the industry turnaround, the Group continued to achieve sustainable and quality growth, pushing its sales and profits up to record highs.
In 2015, the Group s contracted sales rose by 42.5% to RMB30.21 billion from RMB21.21 billion in the previous year, exceeding its target of RMB25 billion for the year by 20.8%. In 2015, the Group s attributable contracted sales amounted to approximately RMB20.29 billion, representing an increase of approximately 23.8% over RMB16.39 billion in 2014.

In 2015, recognized revenue was RMB18,230.8 million, representing an increase of 12.7% over RMB16,179.3 million in the previous year.
The Group s core net profit attributable to equity owners increased by 14.0% to RMB2,209.8 million in 2015 from RMB1,938.6 million in 
The Group s adjusted gross profit margin (excluding the accounting effects due to acquisition of equity interests in certain projects) and core net profit margin were 24.1% and 12.1% respectively in 2015, both of which remained stable compared to 25.9% and 12.0% respectively in 2014. The Group delivered a core return on average equity of 19.2% in 2015.
REVIEW OF 2015 
As the real estate industry of China experienced a correction in 2014, the Chinese government decisively launched policies to stimulate housing consumption. These policies included a number of cuts in interest rate and banks reserve requirement ratio, relaxations of down payment requirements for mortgage loans, lifting of home purchase restrictions in most cities (except first-tier cities) and adjustments in transaction taxes. In 2015, driven by the government s favourable policies, the real estate market of China recovered and overall sales recorded a new high.
The real estate market in China in 2015 showed the following features 
According to data published by the China National Bureau of Statistics, sales of commodity properties were RMB8.7 trillion, up by 14.4% on a year-on-year basis; transaction volume of commodity properties was 1.28 billion sq.m., up by 6.5% on a year-on-year basis; average selling prices of commodity properties and residential properties reached RMB6,739 per sq.m. and RMB6,474 per sq.m. respectively, up 7.4% and 9.1% respectively on a year-on-year basis. Based on historical transaction data, sales of commodity properties in 2015 surpassed the level in 2013, reaching a record high.

REVIEW OF 2015 (Continued) Market review (Continued) Market variation widened Despite the record-high sales in 2015, volume and price performance in different regions and cities varied significantly. In general, economically-robust cities performed well, whereas cities with weaker economy had a much slower recovery.
According to the data released by the National Bureau of Statistics, of the country s sales of commodity properties in the first eleven months of 2015 (which increased by 15.6%), those in first-tier cities increased by 44.7%, while those in second- and third-tier cities increased by 13.8% and 9.6% respectively. Sales growth in third-tier cities lagged far behind the national average. Year-on-year sales growth in certain first-tier cities and robust second-tier cities such as Shenzhen, Shanghai, Beijing, Nanjing, Tianjin, Hangzhou, Suzhou and Wuhan were strong at around 40%, significantly outperforming the national 
According to the commodity residential property price index from the China Index Academy, in 2015 and amongst the first- and second- tier cities, residential property prices in Shenzhen, Shanghai, Beijing, Nanjing, Hefei, Wuhan showed strongest increases; while those in Tianjin and Suzhou showed mild increases; and those in Guangzhou and Hangzhou were relatively flat. On the other hand, residential prices in Chongqing, Changsha, Chengdu and Shenyang still remained lower than the level in 2014. Residential prices recovery in third-tier cities generally remained difficult.

REVIEW OF 2015 (Continued) Market review (Continued) Lackluster investments, uneven land market Despite the rebound in sales, growth in investments in real estate development, new construction and land acquisition fell to their lowest level in more than 10 years. According to the research data from World Union Properties Consultancy, land acquisition by area and land premium paid by real estate developers in the country were down by 32% and 24% respectively.
On the other hand, transacted land prices in first- and second-tier cities in China showed uptrend in 2015 as real estate developers were typically chasing to acquire sites in top-ranked cities. Land markets in first-tier cities heated up, with the premium of land sales rising sharply in the second half. Land markets in certain second-tier cities were also on the uptrend, whereas land transactions in third-tier cities remained 
Overall inventory still rising, but at a slower pace as investments 
In general, real estate inventory was declining in first-tier and robust coastal second-tier cities, flat in inland second-tier cities, but remained high in third- or lower-tier cities. It is anticipated that investments in real estate development will continue its lackluster growth as long as the inventory problem remains unresolved.

REVIEW OF 2015 (Continued) 
As the sentiment of the real estate market in China improved in 2015, the Group outperformed the market by achieving significant growth in terms of both contracted sales and average selling price.
In 2015, the Group s contracted sales and contracted gross floor area ( GFA ) reached RMB30.21 billion and 2,056,200 sq.m. respectively, representing year-on-year growth of 42.5% and 18.6% respectively.
In 2015, the Group s attributable contracted sales amounted to approximately RMB20.29 billion, representing an increase of approximately 23.8% over RMB16.39 billion in 2014. Due to higher proportion of upgraders products and enhanced brand premium, the Group s contracted average selling price ( ASP ) in 2015 increased by 20.1% to approximately RMB14,700sq.m., compared with RMB12,235sq.m. in 2014. Approximately 96.6% of the Group s contracted sales in 2015 were derived from first- and second-tier cities. The Group achieved a cash collection ratio of about 90% of the contracted sales in 2015.
Since the end of 2014, the Group had well anticipated the recovery of the real estate markets in first- and second-tier cities in China, and positioned itself with abundant saleable resources accordingly in first- tier and robust second-tier cities, with an emphasis on upgraders products. Our optimal operational pace were evidenced in our well- timed sales pace. Before the market prices picked up in the first half of 2015, the Group adopted a more patient strategy by holding back its sell-through ratio; when the market in the first- and second-tier cities showed turnaround in the second half of 2015, the Group became aggressive in launching new sales projects and achieved increases in both sales volume and selling prices. The contracted sales of the Group achieved in the second half of 2015 almost doubled that in the first half of the year. By adopting such a flexible sales strategy and accurate market timing, the Group strived to strike a balance amongst volume, price and profit margin.

REVIEW OF 2015 (Continued) Sales performance (Continued) The Group s contracted sales in 2015 were dispersed among more than 50 projects in 14 cities. During the year, the Group launched pre- sale of 18 new projects, including: " Shanghai Park Mansion Riverside " Shanghai CIFI Pure Center " Shanghai Shangkun CIFI Villa " Shanghai BCL CIFI The Great City " Shanghai CIFI Park Mansion West " Shanghai Amber Garden " Beijing MOMA CIFI Residence " Beijing Longxi CIFI No. 6 Courtyard " Suzhou CIFI Shangli " Suzhou CIFI Park Mansion " Suzhou Henderson CIFI City " Suzhou CIFI Xiyue " Hangzhou Longfor CIFI Chunjiang City " Hangzhou Shunfa CIFI Honor Mansion " Hefei CIFI Original Villa " Nanjing CIFI Yincheng Dream Garden " Nanjing CIFI Nine Modern Life; and " Tianjin CIFI Yannan Garden.
The Group also continued to record contracted sales in other projects whose pre-sale launched in previous year(s).
CIFI was ranked 25th nationally in terms of contracted sales by value in 2015 according to the China Real Estate Enterprises Sales Ranking Top 100 in 2015 jointly published by CRIC Information Group and China Real Estate Appraisal Center.

REVIEW OF 2015 (Continued) 
The negative impact on profits recognized in 2015 by correction in property prices in 2014 was mitigated by the benefits of the Group s lower finance cost, defensive land costs, product premium through improving quality and brand, and more efficient management of selling and general administrative expenses.
In 2015, the Group s adjusted gross margin (excluding the accounting effects due to increase of equity interests in certain projects, by re- adjusting the accounting treatment of business combination and remeasurement of fair value of the costs of relevant properties delivered as gross profit rather than as other income), and net core profit margin remained stable.

In 2015, the Group was proactive and decisive in land acquisitions during this round of real estate market recovery in China. We have captured the ideal land-banking window and acquired a significant amount of land at attractive costs, securing abundant saleable resources in the next two years.
For the full year of 2015, the Group acquired interests in 25 new projects with an aggregate land consideration attributable to the Group of approximately RMB13.1 billion. For land acquisitions made during the year, the Group placed strong emphasis in the two first- tier cities, Shanghai and Beijing, as well as robust second-tier cities, Suzhou, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Hefei and Tianjin; while only selectively replenished its land reserve in Chongqing, Wuhan and Shenyang.
During the year, the Group also entered the market of Guangzhou and acquired a minority interest in a property development project.
During the early stage of the market recovery in the first half of 2015, we captured the ideal land-banking window and acquired large amount of sites at superb locations in first-tier and robust second-tier cities suitable for developing upgraders products. Such product segment offers better profit margin potential in the present phase of the market cycle. During the second half of 2015 when land markets in first- tier and robust second-tier cities heated up, we promptly shifted our emphasis to other second-tier cities where land prices had not yet recovered, and selectively acquired sites with good value there.

REVIEW OF 2015 (Continued) Joint venture strategies The Group continued with its strategy of utilizing joint ventures for acquiring lands with a key objective of diversifying its financial exposure and achieving win-win cooperation.
During the year, we expanded our co-operations with new joint venture partners. The Group s current joint venture partners are mainly property developers, which include blue-chip foreign developers (Henderson China, Hongkong Land China), state-owned and privately- owned developers (such as Vanke, Greenland, Longfor, Beijing Capital Land, Beijing North Star, Gemdale, Powerlong, Future Land and Modern Land, etc.).
The Group s comprehensive co-operations with renowned property developers demonstrate the industry s recognition of CIFI s strong execution ability, reputation and governance standards. The Group will continue to solidify its cooperation with joint venture partners in the 
Financing and liability management In 2015, the Group made major breakthrough in financing. Our emphasis in the past years on diversifying our financing channels and penetrating different funding markets (both onshore and offshore) started to pay off. During the year, we decisively captured the market window and completed financing exercises in both onshore and offshore capital markets at the lowest finance costs amongst privately- owned Chinese real estate companies with similar credit ratings.
We captured the opportunity in the stock market in the first half of 2015 and completed our equity placement, which further strengthened our equity, broadened our shareholder base and improved our share liquidity. When the stock market fell in the second half, we repurchased our shares at lower prices. The repurchased shares after cancellation enhanced the Company s net asset value and earnings per share. We believe that repurchase of shares at the time when our share price undervalues the Company s performance and potential, can effectively improve shareholders value.

REVIEW OF 2015 (Continued) Financing and liability management (Continued) We have successfully issued onshore corporate bonds at low costs.
We have thus utilized lower-cost funding to replace higher-cost debts, thus improving our liability structure and lowering our average funding cost to a level that matched our growth in scale.
On the other hand, we have closely monitored and adopted measures to mitigate the risks induced by the Renminbi devaluation during the year. We repaid ahead of maturity the entire offshore syndicated loan with final maturity in July 2016 and a total principal amount of US$156.5 million, and repurchased an aggregate principal value of US$30,800,000 of the 12.25% coupon US Dollar senior notes due 2018 ( 2018 Due USD Bonds ). In addition, we conducted our first offshore Renminbi financing, to reduce our reliance on offshore US dollar financing. These measures have effectively reduced the interest carry, the US or Hong Kong dollar-denominated debts and mitigated the risks associated with Renminbi s depreciation.

REVIEW OF 2015 (Continued) Major financing deals completed by CIFI 
Share placement, share buybacks May 2015 Top-up placement of 600 million shares at HK$2.20 per share, with the net proceeds of approximately HK$1.3 billion (approximately USD 170 million).

August & September of 2015 Repurchased 90,338,000 shares from the market at an average cost of HK$1.3786 (before transaction costs) per share for a total consideration of approximately HK$124,540,000 
January 2016 Further repurchased 18,500,000 shares from the market at an average cost of HK$1.4101 (before transaction costs) per share, with a total consideration of approximately 
Onshore liability management 
During 2015 Fully redeemed all higher cost onshore non-bank loans and onshore perpetual capital 
October & November 2015 The Company s domestic wholly-owned subsidiary in China, CIFI Group Co., Ltd. ( CIFI China ), received an AA rating on the issuer and its domestic bonds from Shanghai Brilliance Credit Rating & Investors Service Co., Ltd. (an onshore credit rating agency), and completed the issue of publicly offered domestic corporate bonds ( Public Domestic Bonds ) in two tranches with an aggregate size of RMB3.995 billion.

Issued the First Tranche of the Public Domestic Bonds of RMB3.495 billion with a maturity of 5 years, with the issuer s right to adjust the coupon rate and a right of redemption exercisable by the holders at the end of the first 3-year period, and a coupon rate of 4.95%.
Issued the Second Tranche of the Public Domestic Bonds of RMB500 million with a maturity of straight 5 years and a coupon rate of 5.96%.

January 2016 CIFI China received approval for the issuance of domestic non-public corporate bonds ( Private Domestic Bonds ) of up to RMB6 billion to qualified investors.
Issued the First Tranche of Private Domestic Bonds RMB2.0 billion with maturity of 2 years, with the issuer s right to adjust the coupon rate and a right of redemption exercisable by the holders at the end of the first year, and a coupon rate of 4.99%.
The remaining RMB4.0 billion Private Domestic Bonds will be issued later in 2016 according to needs.

REVIEW OF 2015 (Continued) Major financing deals completed by CIFI (Continued) 
Offshore liability management 
Standard & Poor s upgraded the Company s issuer s rating to BB (with Stable 
Fitch and Moody maintained the Company s credit ratings at BB (with Stable outlook) and Ba3 (with Stable outlook) respectively. All three credit rating agencies unanimously endorsed CIFI s track record in sales execution, disciplined financial management and strong financial liquidity.

Further issued the 8.875% coupon US Dollar Bonds Due 2019 ( 2019 Due USD Bonds ) with an additional principal amount of US$200 million. The issue price of this additional issue was 102% with an effective interest cost of approximately 8.3% per annum.
Signed a syndicated loan facility with a total size of US$130 million ( 2018 Due Offshore Syndicated Loan ). Such loan has a final maturity of 3 years and interest rate of LIBOR or HIBOR plus 4.75% per annum.

Issued the 7.75% coupon US Dollar Bonds Due 2020 ( 2020 Due USD Bonds ) with a principal amount of US$400 million. The issue price of this new issue was 99.491% with an effective interest cost of approximately 7.875% per annum.

The 50:50 owned joint venture companies between the Group and Hongkong Land China Holdings Limited in respect of Shanghai Lujiazui Yangjing project signed offshore and onshore syndicated loan facilities. Such loans comprise: 
(i) an offshore US dollar term loan with a facility amount of US$ 600 million, a final maturity of 5 years and an interest rate of LIBOR plus 2.55% per annum; 
(ii) an onshore RMB project development loan with a facility amount of RMB1.3 billion, a final maturity of 5 years and an interest rate of 107% times PBOC base lending rate per annum.

The Company provided guarantees covering 50% of any and all obligations under such offshore loan facility, but it did not provide any guarantee in respect of such onshore loan 
Signed an offshore Renminbi loan facility with a total size of RMB268.7 million ( 2018 Due Offshore CNH Loan ). Such loan has a final maturity of 3 years and interest rate of Hang Sang Bank Offshore RMB Prime Rate plus 1.90% per annum.

Before the end of 2015 Repaid ahead of maturity the entire syndicated loan facility signed in July 2013, with final maturity in July 2016 and a total principal amount of US$156.5 million ( 2016 Due Offshore Syndicated Loan ). Such loan had an interest rate of LIBOR or HIBOR plus 5.65% 
October and December of 2015 Repurchased an aggregate principle value of US$30.8 million of the 12.25% coupon US Dollar Bonds Due 2018 ( 2018 Due USD Bonds ).

January and February 2016 Further repurchased an aggregate principle value of US$10.0 million of the US Dollar Bonds Due 2018. These repurchased 2018 Due USD Bonds will be cancelled later.

REVIEW OF 2015 (Continued) Healthy financial positions As a result of the Group s strong cash collection derived from its property sales, balanced land acquisition and construction expenditures, the Group sustained a healthy financial position with lower interest costs and better debt structure.
As at 31 December 2015, the Group s: " net debt-to-equity ratio was 59.2% (as at 31 December 2014: 63.2%, with onshore perpetual capital instrument as debt instead of equity for the purpose of calculating this ratio); " net debts (total indebtedness with onshore perpetual capital instrument as debt less cash-on-hand) amounted to RMB9,049,657,000 (as at 31 December 2014: 
" cash-on-hand level remained high at RMB14,905,236,000 (as at 31 December 2014: RMB7,124,000,000); " weighted average cost of indebtedness decreased to 7.2% (as at 31 December 2014: 8.3%); " proportion of short-term borrowings in overall indebtedness remained low at 11.7% (as at 31 December 2014: 21.9%); " proportion of unsecured indebtedness in overall indebtedness was 62.7% (as at 31 December 2014: 38.2%); and " proportion of US dollarHK dollar-denominated (non RMB- denominated) indebtedness in overall indebtedness was 43.8% (as at 30 June 2015: 51.6%; as at 31 December 2014: 38.2%).

REVIEW OF 2015 (Continued) Healthy financial positions (Continued) As at 31 December 2015, unpaid committed land considerations attributable to the Group were approximately RMB3,236 million. The Group continued with its prudent approach to liabilities and kept its debts and off-balance sheet commitments at reasonable levels.
Enhancing product capabilities and brand-building We established the CIFI Product Research Center in 2014. Its research of standardized fully-fitted residential products has greatly improved the Group s product capabilities in application of fitting materials, simulating different unit layouts and configurations, as well as precise assessment of relevant customer experience.
During the year, the Group and Tsinghua University of China jointly established Tsinghua University CIFI Joint Research Center for Sustainable Residential Developments to research and develop low- energy consumption, green and environmental-friendly, sustainable residential products specifically for China s urbanization.
Since last year, we have increased our investments in land sites suitable for development of products for home upgraders, and adjusted our product mix by promoting fully-fitted residential products.
During 2015, fully-fitted residential products increased to more than 50% of our total residential contracted sales. Our product structure now has higher emphasis on upgraders residential products with higher profit margin potential.
During the year, CIFI combined its refined fitting specifications, environmentally-friendly and energy-saving technologies and elegant brand image to develop and launched three new high-end residential projects under its Park Mansion brand in Shanghai and Suzhou.
The projects received overwhelming market responses and greatly enhanced our brand recognition.

REVIEW OF 2015 (Continued) 
The Group is dedicated to improving its product quality and customer service to meet consumers needs and ever higher requirements.
Based on the customer satisfaction survey conducted annually by the third-party consultancy firm engaged by the Group, we recorded new highs in overall customer satisfaction in both property sales and property management services in 2015 compared with that for the previous year, demonstrating enhanced recognition of our brand.

The Group acknowledges the need of the industry to revolutionize its operations and embrace innovations. We have been pro-active in applying new concepts of mobile Internet and big data to such aspects as product design, sales and marketing and value-added customer services, with an objective of creating better products, services and communities for our customers.
We have implemented management project co-investment scheme in newly acquired projects since last year. Under such project co- investment scheme, both the key local management team of the projects in relevant cities and the key management team at the headquarters of the Group (other than the Company s directors and their respective associates) are in-principle required to invest in the minority shadow equity in new development projects together with the Company, while other employees (other than the Company s directors and their respective associates) can also choose to co- invest. The co-investment scheme has achieved its intended effects, promoting a sense of ownership of our key management teams and aligning their common interests with those of our shareholders.

OUTLOOK FOR 2016 Real estate industry environment As China s economic growth slows down, it is expected that in 2016, the central government will continue to adopt loose monetary policies and favourable polices to foster housing consumption (save for the possibility of adjusting the policies at first-tier cities due to overheating in property prices), in order to promote inventory clearance in the real estate industry especially in the second-, third- or lower-tier cities and to ensure stable domestic economic development.
Under the current macro-economic environment, we expect that overall transaction volume in China s real estate market will grow steadily in 2016 compared to 2015. On the other hand, variation by different cities and uneven market situation will continue. We expect that transaction volume and prices in most first- and second-tier cities will grow steadily; whereas recovery in third-tier cities remains most uncertain. In first- and second-tier cities, there will be sustainable growth in self-use housing demand. Growth in home upgraders demand will be even higher, as driven by favourable policies.
In the long run, housing demand in China s first- and second-tier cities remains robust. Real estate is still a pillar industry in China. Fluctuation in government policies becomes normal. It implies more controls when the market overheats; on the other hand, more favourable measures when the market weakness effects economy. Accordingly, the real estate market in China will follow the features of short-cycle fluctuation from time to time.
The Group s development strategies The Group adopts the strategy of pursuing sustainable, balanced and quality growth which targets an expansion pace higher than growth rates of the industry average and those of top developers, while stresses balances and disciplines avoiding ruthless land acquisitions, high gearing and low margin expansions. CIFI emphasizes both growth in scale and profitability. We believe that growth in scale can only create shareholders value by maintaining strong profitability.

OUTLOOK FOR 2016 (Continued) The Group s development strategies (Continued) As our scale of contracted sales surpassed RMB30 billion level and our funding costs significantly decreased, we have further strengthened our operating model, by adopting both high asset turnover and high profitability development features. For upgraders projects located in first-tier and robust second-tier cities, we adopt a high profitability model to develop refined and high-end products to maximize profitability. For mass market projects located in other second-tier cities, we continue to adopt high-asset turnover, standardized and low-cost development model. We aim to adopt appropriate turnover models based on the needs of different products and cities, in order to achieve optimal investment returns and most balanced cash flow situations, to maintain asset-light and healthy gearing level, and to increase our scale and profits at the same pace.
We anticipate that 2016 will be a favourable year for real estate sales in China. Our planned operating rhythm stresses accelerating sell- through and inventory clearance, expediting construction, balanced launches of new projects in both first- and second-half of the year and realizing saleable resources at high prices. The Group has set an initial contracted sales target for the full year of 2016 at RMB36.5 billion, representing an increase of approximately 21% from the contracted sales in 2015. Based on our anticipation of the market, our abundant saleable resources and conservative sell-through assumption, we are confident of achieving our 2016 yearly sales target.
As the land markets in most first- and second-tier cities have heated up, land prices in certain cities have already deviated from the affordability levels as reflected by their property prices. Our land acquisition approach this year stresses the importance of reducing risk, adopting more private acquisition measures, and acquiring land sites omitted by the market but with good value. We expect that we may reduce our land investments this year to well-position ourselves in the next ideal landbanking period. As the land acquisitions last year already secured adequate saleable sources in the next two years, we should have enough patience and flexibility to avoid buying over-priced 
OUTLOOK FOR 2016 (Continued) The Group s development strategies (Continued) Our lean and clean land bank coupled with our asset-light development model and low inventory level offer us burden-free advantage in future expansion over other real estate developers. We firmly believe in the prospects of China s real estate industry. Our track records have demonstrated that it is indeed CIFI s strength to leverage upon opportunities from industry s fluctuation and achieve growth.

Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere appreciation to all employees for their dedication and hard work, and to our shareholders, bondholders and business partners for their support in the past year.
CIFI Holdings (Group) Co. Ltd.

