Chairman s Statement 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
It is again time for me to report on our annual results. I am honored to report to you that during last year, CNOOC Limited has once again fulfilled our targets set at the beginning of the year.
Our net production for the year increased by 2.6% to 171 million barrels-of-oil-equivalent (BOE); our proven reserves amounted to 2.6 billion BOE, with a reserve replacement ratio of 142%; our net profi t was approximately RMB31.3 billion. The board of directors (the Board ) has proposed a fi nal dividend of HK$0.17 per share.
The figures speak for themselves, demonstrating that CNOOC Limited has fulfilled its commitments, enhanced corporate values, and managed to maintain a stable track in maximizing shareholders return. You can be proud of your investment on CNOOC Limited while I am also honored about our remarkable results.
Nevertheless, we will not stop with what we have achieved.
Enhancing corporate value and shareholders return is only one of our goals, although it has always been the most important one. I sincerely hope that in addition to enhancing the Company s intrinsic value and creating value for shareholders, CNOOC Limited can contribute to the industry s well-being and development, and further dedicate our efforts to address the energy needs of humanity and the 
I would like to take this opportunity to share my thoughts with you so as to further increase your understanding of 
CREATOR OF CORPORATE VALUE AND 
Since our listing, CNOOC Limited has been committed to maximize our corporate value and shareholders value. Over the past seven years, the Company has adhered to this principle with perseverance in various business practices, and reiterated this principle on various internal and external 
2007 was another year of growth in corporate value and shareholders value. During the year, due to high oil prices, the market had high expectations on CNOOC Limited s performance, and the Company continued to live up to their 
We will not be satisfi ed to benefi t solely from strong oil price and leave our corporate value to the hands of oil price only.
We further hope to fully demonstrate our value by realising our growth potentials. In the past year, as always, we strived to optimize the Company fundamentals, to explore and further demonstrate our intrinsic value through discovering and revealing our potentials.
During the year, the Company continued to make positive progress in all business segments: Exploration is fundamental for survival and growth of upstream oil companies. In 2007, upholding the tradition, the Company continued to invest substantial human resources and capitals in this segment, and made 12 commercial discoveries. Our reserve replacement ratio again maintained at more than 100%. In addition, the Company brought 5 new projects on stream successfully.
Despite the continued high oil price, promising results of explorations and smooth production, we still pursued to tighten our cost control in an environment of increasing inflationary pressure and overall surge in costs within the industry. During the period, the Company maintained its competitive cost structure, leaving more room for growth in 
In 2007, we were pleased to see that the market has continued to uncover CNOOC Limited s value at a steady pace. During the year, the oil price grew by 57.2%, and our share price increased by 79.7%.
In the future, CNOOC Limited will work hard to increase corporate value and generate more returns for shareholders.
We will allocate more capital on exploration, so as to conduct more seismic data collection and drilling activities.
To ensure the Company s long-term growth, we will increase efforts on basic research and regional research aiming at significant discoveries, and strive to achieve even greater breakthrough. With respect to development and production, we will comprehensively utilize new technologies, maintain high and stable production of existing fi elds, and enhance oil recovery ratio.
We will devote great efforts on developing natural gas business, by fully capitalizing on China s market potentials and leveraging on our existing advantages in the LNG 
CONTRIBUTOR TO INDUSTRY PROGRESS There are many century-old companies in the oil industry, compared with them, CNOOC Limited is a rather young 
As such, CNOOC Limited has been a learner for relentless improvement and reforms since its establishment. In her growth history, we have adopted advanced western technology and learned the business model of industrial leaders. With all these efforts, we are transforming ourselves into a capable and efficient oil company with global 
However, as a player in the industry, we sincerely hope that we can also make our own contribution to the industry advancement and development rather than only being a 
In 2007, the successful restart of Liuhua 11-1 oilfield marked an important step towards this target. Needlessly to say, this restart meant a lot to our production, and also demonstrated our capability to overcome challenges. What I would like to emphasize is the management and technology innovation brought by it to the whole industry.
As you are aware, Liuhua 11-1 oilfi eld was hit by a typhoon in 2006, and seven anchors and three hoses were broken.
In shallow water, similar damages are not diffi cult to repair.
But for Liuhua 11-1 oilfield, the picking up and repairing of a 13.5-inch hose to resume production had to be conducted in waterdepth of over 300 meters. It is hard to fi nd a precedent under similar operational conditions and 
CNOOC Limited mobilized all available domestic and foreign resources efficiently. With the spirit of innovation, the company fi nally managed to resume the production of Liuhua 11-1 oilfi eld on 27 June 2007 after being shutdown for more than a year. CNOOC Limited not only set up a good example for the deep water engineering, but also developed 7 advanced proprietary techniques.
The marginal oilfield development technology of the Company has the value of turning waste to treasure . In 2007, the commencement of the super-small Bozhong 34- 35 oilfi eld further proved that the Company had seized a cutting-edge competitiveness in applying this technology in 
Generally speaking, offshore development costs are higher than those for onshore. To be profi table, newly discovered reserves should be larger to make an economic discovery.
Bozhong 34-35 oilfield is located in Bohai Bay, with a small size and less development value. By introducing a Three Ones model, which means using one jacket, one pipeline and one cable to implement unmanned automatic production, we succeeded in commercially developing such a marginal fi eld.
My personal experience taught me that technology innovations, management streamline and case sharing could play a positive role in a company s growth. I do hope and believe that CNOOC Limited s experience and lesson learnt from the restart of Liuhua 11-1 oilfield and development technology of marginal oilfields could bring benefi ts to the whole industry.
ENERGY PROBLEM SOLVER As an energy company with strong sense of responsibility, we always hope to, together with other international energy players, contribute to tackling global energy problems and particularly the growing demand of China.
In this respect, our efforts are focused on three areas: Firstly, we strived to increase our reserves and production.
When it was listed in 2001, the Company s reserves and production were only 1.79 billion BOE and 261.4 thousand BOE per day, respectively. By the end of 2007, such numbers have reached 2.6 billion BOE and 469.4 thousand BOE per day, representing an increase of 45.3% and 79.6% over the seven years, respectively. In 2001, the Company had only 16 oil and gas fi elds under production in offshore China. In 2007, the number of producing fi elds has reached 58, spreading all over offshore China.
Secondly, we looked for more overseas development opportunities on a value-driven basis. For an oil company seeking growth, this is an important way leading to greater and faster development.
Indeed, offshore China is our home field of operation.
The vast exploration area and relatively lower exploration intensity mean that focusing on offshore China benefits more to our short-term development. However, I believe that in seeking for long-term development, CNOOC Limited should not give up any opportunity to go overseas.
Further, I firmly believe that nowadays, with growing demand for energy, in particular for clean energy, CNOOC Limited s efforts on value-oriented overseas expansion and a rational exploitation of underground resources for human beings, together with its endeavor of performing corporate social responsibility to help to meet the global energy demand, in particular China s demand, should be supported 
Thirdly, we have consistently been engaged in energy conservation, emission reduction and clean energy.
Since November 2007, the wind farm on Suizhong 36-1 oilfi eld has started to provide electricity for the fi eld s daily operation. Such a small shift to wind power alone will reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 3,500 tons per year. Such use of wind energy on offshore oilfi eld set up a precedent for the oil and gas industry in China. Among various CNOOC Limited s achievements of energy conservation and emission reduction in 2007, it is only a minor point.
But I believe it is a new starting point for the Company in supporting the research and use of new energy and better performing its mission of environment protection. In addition to Suizhong 36-1 oilfi eld, we have also applied our energy conservation and emission reduction policy in many other aspects, from technology innovation, implementation of zero discharge plan, resources recycling, optimization of lighting usage to water fl ow control. All these refl ect our strong belief and determination of energy conservation and environmental protection, which in turn will contribute to solving energy problems.
With a fi rm and clear mission in mind, CNOOC Limited, full of youthful spirit, will strive to pursue its determined goals at full pace. I hope that in 2008 and in the future, you will continue your support to CNOOC Limited for achieving its goals, and join hands with us to turn to a new page of the Company s 
