Chairman s Statement 
By the time you read this report, the spirit of spring is prevailing both in China one of the countries where our primary operation is located and Hong Kong one of the cities in which the Company is listed. However, marks of severe winter are still evident in the market. Along with optimistic forecast and prediction from some specialists, a wave of optimism looms over the hearts and ears of people.
Yet skepticism, worries and negative sentiments continue to 
Chairman and Chief Executive Offi cer 2008 was a volatile year for the oil industry. Oil prices skyrocketed to a record high of US$147 per barrel in the fi rst three quarters and plummeted to less than US$40 per barrel later. During the period, the financial tsunami that swept through the world has been formidable.
In 2009, we continue to feel the pinch of a severe winter .
The global economy is still in the dark night. Oil prices continue to wane. For the oil industry, the cold winter still prevails. Will CNOOC Limited, a company that focuses on upstream business, be able to withstand the challenges and continue its growth momentum? Such questions have always been raised by people around us.
HOW DO WE RIDE OUT THE WINTER ? This question has always been in the mind of the management when the fi nancial crisis began its frosty bites and when oil prices started to show a downward trend.
Today, CNOOC Limited has already devised plans and is ready to withstand the winter . The plans are being executed. In the freezing winter of the industry, we don t feel cold. On the contrary, we hear the foot-steps of the 
We are also confi dent in our future.
While we are presenting CNOOC Limited s results in 2008, we would also like to take this opportunity to share with you and those who care about us the thoughts of our management on our future plans.
SEEKING FOR GROWTH TO COMBAT THE 
Pressured by the economic crisis and tumbling oil prices, many of our peers have cut back on capital expenditure and slowed down the pace of development. Under these circumstances, is it necessary for CNOOC Limited to cut back temporarily and put a halt to its healthy pace of development? With regard to this question, we have thoroughly examined the position of the Company, so as to arrive at a development blueprint that is most suitable for us.
As you are aware, thanks to our prudent fi nancial discipline, CNOOC Limited has been able to maintain a healthy balance sheet with sufficient cash reserves and strong operating cash flow. Regarding the material part of the Company s assets our oil and gas fi elds that are under development, most of them were evaluated based on a relatively conservative medium to long term oil prices. The current low oil prices therefore have not made a signifi cant impact on these projects.
This has further reinforced management s decision to uphold its established and far-sighted strategies and has enhanced the management s confidence to weather the fi nancial storm with development.
In 2009, the Company will continue to increase its capital expenditures, enhance the level of its exploration and development activities in order to pave a smooth way for sustainable growth in the future. Ten new projects will come on stream. The production target is 225-231 million BOE.
2009 will therefore be another rapidly expanding year for the Company following the strong growth in 2008.
For a better future of the Company, we must take a long- 
In the course of the Company s development, we have never allowed oil prices to determine the Company s future and shareholders expectation. We would not be complacent with high returns derived from high oil prices; nor would we lose our vision and just focus on short term results when oil prices are low. When oil prices are high, we restrain ourselves and will not expand excessively.
Likewise, we will not lose confi dence and stand still today but will ensure that we will not miss out on development opportunities that lie ahead. I fi rmly believe that under the present global economic and oil price environment, we should do our part to ensure a healthy growth. This is the best thing we can do under the current economic recession.
I hope that our efforts today will ensure the continuing growth of the Company s reserves and production in the future and will enable us to stay at the forefront of the next economic growth cycle.
THREE STRATEGIES TO CONTROL COSTS Financial experts and academics have been debating when the winter will pass. We won t bet on it. Therefore, apart from combating the depression with development, we will strictly control our costs so as to enable CNOOC Limited to win more breathing space and grasp potential opportunities amid the fi nancial crisis.
The offshore oil industry involves high costs and intensive capital investments. We were fully aware of these industry characteristics over the years. Therefore, one of our major strategies is to maintain low costs. Benefitting from the effective and consistent application of this strategy in our operations, the Company s production cost has been maintained at a low level among international peers.
Going ahead, it is difficult to predict when oil prices will rebound, and it will take time for the drop of the costs of raw material and services to be explicit. Through sharing facilities, employee incentive system and applying innovative technologies, the Company is continuously seeking new room and measures to lower unit cost and to elevate its profi tability under a low oil price environment.
Technological innovation is the cornerstone of the Company s future development, as well as the driver of the industry s continuous growth. In order to remain technologically advanced for sustainable development in the medium and long term, the Company has focused on the implementation of technologies in operations, such as in enhanced recovery, deepwater development, offshore marginal field development, and new offshore exploration.
In 2009, we will actively promote regional development for potential oil and gas field groups, enabling these oil fields to share production facilities in order to lower development costs. At the same time, we will further improve and consolidate management policies to reinforce cost management at all levels and to effectively reduce costs.
ELIMINATING RISKS THROUGH MANAGEMENT Despite having sharp visions, the management is unable to predict all kinds of risks along the development path.
Therefore, we are taking a hope for the best, and prepare for the worst attitude for the future, and will always get ourselves prepared for this.
Although the kind of systematic risk resulted from the global fi nancial tsunami once again reminds us that no one can be immune from such a situation, it is still my belief that companies with sound risk management system can minimize the negative impacts brought about by the crisis.
Risk management always tops my agenda. People tend to forget the existence of risks when a company is expanding fast. Therefore, I hope to keep our minds clear by introducing risk management system. When the operating environment deteriorates, people will stand still because of the fear of the unknown risks. A risk management system enables us to effectively minimize the unknown risks and steers us towards sustainable development.
In spite of the financial crisis in 2008, the Company s operating cash flow and net profit reached RMB 55.74 billion and RMB 44.38 billion, respectively, demonstrating the Company s successful development strategies over the years, as well as the achievements brought about by a comprehensive risk management system.
UTILIZING TALENTS FOR A BETTER FUTURE Staff members of CNOOC Limited are the most important asset of the Company an asset that ensures stable 
Although CNOOC Limited was faced with mounting challenges from the financial crisis in 2008, all staff members, especially the management, were able to tackle these challenges calmly and effectively, enabling the Company to continue to achieve solid growth and to further demonstrate its competitive edges. The Company s net production reached 194.2 million BOE, representing an increase of 14.3% year over year. The Company s net profi t amounted to RMB 44.38 billion, representing an increase of 42.0% year over year and a record high for the Company.
No major health, safety and environmental incidents were recorded. The board of directors has proposed a final dividend of HK$0.20 per share.
A vigorous and energetic management team is one of the assurances for the sustainable growth of the Company.
In 2009, we will be injecting more new blood into the management team. As you are aware, Mr. Yang Hua has been appointed as the president of the Company, and Mr. Yuan Guangyu and Mr. Chen Bi have been appointed as executive vice president. As CNOOC Limited enters a new era of growth, more young and experienced leaders with international perspective like them will be joining the 
In successful days, we have never stopped searching room for further improvement. In times of crisis, we spend greater efforts to contemplate strategies for our future. An old saying resonates: If winter comes, can spring be far behind? For us and for the Company as a whole, I firmly believe that with our established strategies, sound corporate governance, competent staff members and strong technological innovation capabilities, spring is not far from us. I cordially invite you to join us in embracing a brighter future of the Company.

