Chairman s Statement 
CNOOC Limited had already gone through a decade of rapid growth and elevated to a new platform when I assumed the position of chairman for the Company in April 2011. The Company s daily production had surpassed 900 thousand barrels-of-oil-equivalent (BOE); net proved reserve had reached almost 3 billion BOE, with over 80 oil and gas fi elds in offshore China and overseas businesses spreading over 10 countries. The Company s market value had exceeded US$100 billion. The Company s corporate governance became widely recognized and was crowned with Energy Company of the Year by Platts Global Energy 
During 2011, not only did we strive to accomplish all our targets established for the year under the new platform, we also drew from our experience in the last decade to devise more detailed plans for the Company s future, mapping out a blueprint to realize a New Era of Excellence .
I would like to share with you here the key paths of how we could arrive at this New Era of Excellence .
First, we will continue to establish a foothold for exploration and development in offshore China where is the home for the Company. In 2011, we have further identified the exploration potential in this area and elevated the level of importance and our support for exploration work.
Focusing on breakthroughs for resource replacement, the Company has strengthened its regional research activities and breakthoughs in the new regions and new exploration targets and achieved major progress in the area of the lithological traps in Bohai and high-temperature and high- pressure natural gas in Yinggehai.
With respect to development and production, during the year 2011, we overcame various difficulties and reached a net oil and gas production of 331.8 million BOE, thus sustaining the steady growing trend of our Company s production over years. At the same time, the strategies on regional development and comprehensive adjustments have been further clarifi ed. This would effectively lower the development threshold for oil and gas fi eld in offshore China and fully tap the potential for underground reservoir.
In the future, we will continue to increase our momentum in exploration and development; primarily focus on exploration in mature areas while expanding exploration in new areas and new targets; insist on integrating exploration and development and maintain the Company s oil and gas reserve and production growth.
Second, we will promote deepwater exploration and development. Oil and gas resources are rich in the deepwater South China Sea and will be an important source for our Company s medium and long term development. In recent years, our partners have already made a number of important discoveries in the area, including Liwan 3-1. We have also accumulated rich seismic data, deepened our understanding of the geological structure of the area, and identifi ed a number of exploration targets.
At present, the Company is already well prepared in technical expertise as well as operational and managerial capability and will begin deepwater exploration in 2012. The Company has also taken part in a number of deepwater explorations overseas. In the years to come, deepwater will become the important battlefield of the Company s exploration activities, as well as one of the important sources for reserve and production growth.
Third, we will continue to develop our overseas business.
In order to maintain our sustainable growth, we will seek development opportunities globally apart from establishing a foothold at home, offshore China. In 2011, we achieved major breakthroughs in our overseas business development. On one hand, we have successfully established a presence in the resource rich Lake Albert Basin in East Africa. On the other hand, we have further expanded unconventional oil and gas resources such as shale oil and gas and oil sands.
The Company will continue to pursue value-driven acquisition strategies in order to create more room for reserve and production development. While rapidly developing our business overseas, we will enhance asset management and perfect business management system overseas, especially to control the risk on overseas 
Fourth, we will lead our future development through technology innovation. World leading technology such as offshore heavy oil extraction invented by the Company has made significant contribution to the rapid growth of the Company. In the future, while pursuing the goal of expanding reserves and increasing production , we will focus on the development of heavy oil and low permeability oil and gas fi elds. The Company will develop different types of key technologies that are crucial in leading our future growth through independent research and absorbing 
Fifth, we will advocate on building our corporate culture.
Health, safety and environmental protection are important components of our corporate culture. The Company is dedicated to pursuing the harmonious evolution between corporation and society and between humans and nature.
In 2011, the oil spill accidents of Penglai 19-3 oilfi eld drew wide attention from the media and the public. As a non- operating partner, we have actively assisted the operator on the follow-up work relating to the accidents in an effort to minimize the impact on the oceanic environment. We have also taken the opportunity to once again carry on a thorough inspection on offshore operation safety so as to protect against future similar incidents.
As a responsible company, we will continue to maintain our transparency and standard corporate governance with the intention to make a timely disclosure and to accept public scrutiny in a humble manner.
In 2011, the Company achieved a net profi t of approximately RMB70.26 billion, basic earnings per share reached RMB1.57, a signifi cant increase of 29.1% year over year. In view of the Company s stable and healthy fi nancial position, the Board of Directors (the Board) has recommended a year-end dividend of HK$0.28 (tax inclusive) per share for the year 2011.
In 2011, Mr. Fu Chengyu resigned as Chairman for the Company. Mr. Yang Hua resigned as Chief Executive Offi cer and was taken over by Mr. Li Fanrong. I wish to take this opportunity to thank Mr. Fu Chengyu as well as the Board led by Mr. Fu for the contributions made to the development of the Company. I believe that Mr. Yang Hua, as a non- executive director, will continue to contribute his wisdom and experience to the major issues such as strategic development of the Company. I also wish to congratulate Mr. Li Fanrong.
Currently, the fragile and imbalanced phenomenon of the world economic recovery has further surfaced while the economy of China has been able to maintain stable and relatively rapid growth. On the other hand, international oil prices are expected to maintain at a high level in view of increasing demand for energy resources. Under such circumstances, there is still plenty of room for growth for the oil and gas exploration and production industry. The blueprint for the Company s New Era of Excellence has already been laid out. We will take the opportunity to continue to excel and will spare no effort to complete all our development targets, and pave the way to a more prosperous future for the Company.

