Chairman s Statement 
2012 was the inaugural year that we implemented our A New Leap Forward strategy. Facing complex and adverse domestic and global economic environments of 2012, the Company adhered to the strategic roadmap of A New Leap Forward and made outstanding achievements in exploration and development and overseas expansion through dedicated efforts of the whole company, and also successfully reached our major production and operation targets, enlarging the resource base for our future development and further diversifying our asset portfolio.
On one hand, we continued to build up our sustainable development capability. The encouraging results from shallow water and deepwater exploration offshore China and overseas exploration bring a greater momentum to the future development of the Company.
During 2012, in order to enhance shallow water exploration offshore China, a number of thorough discussions were made to further clarify our line of thinking, i.e. to increase our investment and deploy innovative approaches in our efforts to search for large and medium size oil and gas fi elds.
Through this line of thinking, the Company successfully discovered and appraised several large scale oil and gas structures including Penglai 9-1, building a solid foundation for our future reserves and production growth in offshore China. It further strengthened our confi dence in the medium to long term sustainable development offshore China.
In order to realize a better resource replacement, we continued to promote and further strengthened the guidance for deepwater exploration and development. We made our debut in independent deepwater drilling in the South China Sea in 2012, marking the first year of our independent deepwater exploration endeavors. The efforts resulted in a new independent natural gas discovery, which signifi ed a breakthrough in this regard.
In addition, we achieved satisfactory results in our overseas exploration endeavors with important discovery made under the HBR permit onshore Algeria.
On the other hand, we continued to take the prudent and down-to-earth attitude in the course of our overseas expansion and achieved successful results.
In July 2012, we announced the acquisition of Nexen Inc. ( Nexen ) in Canada. The transaction was completed with considerable success. Through the acquisition, an important platform has been established for our overseas development. The transaction would not only bring rich resources and diversified asset portfolio for the long term development of the Company, but also veteran management and staff of Nexen who had extensive working experience in major oil and gas producing areas around the world. We strongly believe that the acquisition of Nexen conforms to our development strategy and will bring long- term benefi t for our shareholders. We are full of expectation to the future prospects of the newly established North and Central America operation platform.
Over years of overseas expansion, we have broadened our vision and strengthened our development platform with accumulated operational and managerial experiences. In the future, we will continue to enhance our capability in overseas operational management, resource integration and risk management, developing and nurturing our new home base 
While ensuring the stable development of the Company, we continued to adhere to the high standards of our efforts in health, safety and environmental protection. During 2012, we maintained an excellent safety record and continued to strengthen our efforts in the protection of nature and the marine environment. Looking ahead, we will continue to promote harmonious growth between corporate and community and between human and the nature.
For more than a decade since the Company s listing, we have been strictly following the laws and regulations of the host countries and listing places. We also followed the best practices of the international petroleum industry.
Our transparency and governance standards were well recognized by the general public and investors. In corporate governance, we made outstanding achievements and won a lot of awards in 2012: the Company was awarded the Best Managed Asian Company in the OilGas sector for the third consecutive year by Euromoney Magazine, and the Asia s Best Company 2012 and Best Natural Resource Company by Finance Asia Magazine.
In view of the Company s fi nancial position and to reward our shareholders, the Board of Directors has recommended a fi nal dividend of HK$0.32 per share (tax inclusive).
If 2012 is the year where CNOOC Limited embarked on its A New Leap Forward , 2013 will be a year in which we quest and set sail afar for future development. As long as you are with us and continue to give us support and care, we will be able to create an even better future together.

