Chairman s Letter Vision of the Company: Strive to become the leader of the integrated consumer products 
After listing, CPMC has welcomed a new stage of rapid development. Through internal innovation and strategic refinement, CPMC will maintain a long-lasting vitality.
Chairman s Letter 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of CPMC Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to take this opportunity to present the audited annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group or CPMC ) for the year ended 31 December 2011 (the Year ).
In 2011, the Group seized the golden opportunity offered by the economic development of China and endeavored to realize our strategic goal based on the demands of the market and consumers. We maintained our leading positions in several segments of the metal packaging industry, while also hastening to promote the strategic arrangement of two-piece beverage aluminium cans ( two-piece cans ) and developed the plastic packaging business with a steady pace. In 2011, the Group recorded annual sales of approximately RMB4.34 billion, an increase of 27.1% as compared to last year; profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was about RMB280 million, representing year-on-year growth of 32.0%.
Year 2011 marks the first year of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan of the PRC, the Chinese government had set goals of realizing steady and relatively faster pace of economic growth, increasing the rate of urbanization and continuously improving people s standards of living. During the year, the gross domestic product of China grew by 9.2%, the per capita disposable income of urban residents increased by 14.1% comparing to last year and the retail sales of consumer goods for this year has risen by 17.1%. Bolstered by the swift development of the domestic economy, the demand in consumer goods packaging industry has also increased, in and out of season. In the meantime, with an increasing concern about food safety, a higher demand for the safety of food and beverage packaging was put forward by the society. In response to the appeal issued by the Twelfth Five-Year Plan of the State: To expedite the development of advanced packaging equipment, new materials for packaging, and high-ended packaging products , the Group has accommodated with the demands of the market. We have put a stronger emphasis on scientific research and we strive to provide consumers with qualified and safe packaging products through innovative scientific research.
Being among the biggest enterprises in the field of metal packaging in China, the Group has taken a proactive stance in bearing social responsibility. We have spared no effort to promote energy-saving, reduction of consumption as well as emission, and we have invented packaging products which are safer and more environmental-friendly. We are honored to win the Capital Outstanding Green Excellence Awards granted by the Capital magazine. Furthermore, in order to show our care towards the disadvantaged and to contribute to the community, we have arranged the Group s personnel to cooperate with the China Foundation for Poverty Alleviation and to start our donation in helping the poor on a monthly basis.
Looking ahead, even though we are affected by certain adverse circumstances, including the bleak condition of the global economy, the on-going influence of the global financial crisis, and the undiminished pressure exerted by the inflation in China, the Group will adopt manifold measures, such as energy saving and emission reduction, expanding our supply channels, bringing in advanced equipment, and developing packaging products which are environmental friendly, through which we will be able to acquire competitiveness in the market and our vision of becoming the leader in the integrated consumer goods packaging market will then 
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I wish to express our sincere appreciation to the management and all the staff of the Group for their enthusiasm and valuable service during the past year. I would also like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our customers, suppliers, business partners and shareholders for their continuous support to the Group. We will devote ourselves to perform our commitments, and prove to our shareholders that we can deliver an impressive result once again.

