Chairman s Letter Vision of the Company: Strive to become the leader of the integrated consumer products 
After listing, CPMC has welcomed a new stage of rapid development. Through internal innovation and strategic refinement, CPMC will maintain a long-lasting vitality.
Chairman s Letter 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of CPMC Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to present the audited annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group or CPMC ) for the year ended 31 December 2012 (the Year ).
In 2012, the Group adhered to the market-oriented and customer-centered approach and pushed forward strategic goals. Apart from developing our own business, we also actively seized opportunities of mergers and acquisitions, and conducted placing in a timely manner to improve our shares liquidity. In 2012, the Group recorded sales of approximately RMB5.05 billion, an increase of 16.2% as compared to the previous year; profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was approximately RMB323 million, representing year-on-year growth of 15.1%.
The global economy waded through difficult times in 2012. Under a complicated and challenging economic backdrop, the PRC government implemented active fiscal policies and stable monetary policies. The Government also insisted on carrying out structural adjustment of the economy and reform in public affairs.
Through a balanced approach to economic growth, structural adjustment and price stability, the domestic economy has succeeded in making moderate yet steady growth. According to the data from China s National Bureau of Statistics ( NBS ), China s GDP grew by 7.8% in 2012 as compared to 2011 while the disposable income of urban residents per capita increased by 12.6% and the annual retail sales of consumer goods in the country surged by 14.3%.
Bolstered by the continuous and steady increase of national income, the sales of consumer goods grew rapidly, which also benefited the growth of the packaging industry. The Group takes a proactive approach to respond to the demand for the quality and safety of products, the service of enterprises and green production from down- stream customers, and vigorously pushes forward the improvement of internal management. We also conduct mergers and acquisitions from time to time to consolidate our leading position in the industry, perfecting the layout of the industry to facilitate business growth. As a testimony of our outstanding performance in 2012, the Group was awarded the 7th CAPITAL Outstanding China Enterprise Award by the Capital magazine and the Best Management of a Company in Asia (Consumer Goods Industry) by Euromoney . At the same time, the Group endeavors to fulfill its social responsibility and shows great concern for the community, employees and the environment, for which the Company was awarded the Caring Company logo.
Looking forward into 2013, the global economy is still under adjustment and the financial crisis lingers on, while the domestic economy is still seeking a new equilibrium. Facing a complex international and domestic situation, the Group will continue to focus on market exploration and investment focusing on and making efforts to meet the demands of customers, through which our vision of becoming the leader in the integrated consumer goods packaging market can be accomplished gradually.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I wish to express our sincere appreciation to the management and all the staff of the Group for their valuable service and contribution during the previous year. I would also like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our customers, suppliers, business partners and shareholders for their continuous support to the Group.

