Chairman s Letter Mr. Xue Guoping Vision of the Company: Strive to become the leader in the integrated consumer products 
After listing, CPMC has ushered in a new stage of rapid development.
Through internal innovation and strategic refinement, CPMC will maintain long-lasting vitality.

2009 was a memorable year for CPMC Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (the Group or CPMC ), with the successful listing in Hong Kong on 16 November. The excellent track record of CPMC has laid a solid foundation for the successful listing. Acclamations were received since the IPO road show presentation, including the stock performance after listing. For more than 10 years struggle, CPMC transformed from a small company to the leader in metal packaging industry in China nowadays and is successfully listed. After years of efforts, the remarkable performance and creativity of our team is duly demonstrated.
2009 was also a hard year for us, just like many other companies. In particular, in the fi rst quarter, both customers and suppliers drastically reduced their inventory level so as to maintain cash fl ow, while the consumer confi dence has not yet been restored, which has also affected the Group s downstream customers. In response to this situation, we adjusted our business strategy and adopted several measures including optimization of the product structure, cost control and cash fl ow control, so as to reverse the unfavorable circumstances with decisive initiatives. After the fi rst quarter of 2009, the RMB4 trillion government investment plan newly added by the State has stimulated the economy and consumption growth. The business of the Group also achieved a certain degree of recovery in the second half of the year, and the measures we have taken began to deliver results. All these led to a record profi t of the Group in 2009 of RMB147 million, increased by 58.8% as compared to 2008.
The gross domestic product (GDP) of China increased by 8.7% in 2009. It is expected that the economic development of China will be improved further in 2010. According to past experiences, the rapid growth of China s GDP will lead to a growing consumption of packaged beverages, food and other consumer goods in the urban area. The packaging market of China will maintain the characteristics of high demand and great growth potential.
Our company will maintain or further enhance our product s market share and improve the operational capabilities, and will further expand the production capacity, improve product quality, enhance customer service standard, and actively develop diversifi ed products, optimize product portfolio, enabling the Group to stand out from the 
The Food Safety Law of the People s Republic of China (the PRC or China ) came into effect in 2009, where food packaging materials are included in the regulation. The strengthening of food safety control will lead to a horizontal integration within the food packaging industry, prompting an increased concentration of the food packaging market.
This is also another new development opportunity for CPMC.
The strengthening of food safety control has also further encouraged a vertical integration of enterprises in the industrial chain. In 2009, COFCO Corporation ( COFCO ) has put forward the business strategy of a complete industrial chain of cereal, oil and foodstuff products enterprises covering From Origination to Consumption ( _0u 0RLh ) . As COFCO extends its reach to end-consumer products, plenty of complementary and collaborative opportunities are available between us.
We usher in a new stage of rapid development after listing. Through internal innovation and strategic refi nement, the Company will be able to maintain long-lasting vitality. The strategic goal for CPMC is to become the leading enterprise of integrated consumer products packaging, building on its current status of being the largest leading metal packaging company in China. The development prospects of CPMC are very promising.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend my gratitude to all staff for their efforts, and to the shareholders for their trust, and to our customers and business partners for their ongoing support. We will strive to enhance our operation capabilities, cope with challenges proactively and elevate the Company s value as a feedback to shareholders, customers, staff and the society.

