Chairman s Letter 
Strive to become the leading manufacturer of packaging products of integrated consumer goods in China 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Director(s) ) of CPMC Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to present the audited annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group or CPMC ) for the year ended 31 December 2015 (the Year ).
In 2015, the Group recorded sales of approximately RMB5.10 billion, a decrease of approximately 3.6% as compared to the previous year; profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was approximately RMB283 million, representing a decrease of approximately 18.2% as compared to approximately RMB346 million in 2014.
The basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2015 amounted to RMB0.28.
The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.020 (equivalent to approximately HK2.4 cents) (2014: RMB0.025 (equivalent to approximately HK3.1 cents)) per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2015, subject to the approval to be obtained at the annual general meeting to be held on 3 June 2016. The proposed final dividend will be distributed on or after 11 July 2016 to the shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the shareholders register on 17 June 2016.
There were extensive adjustments of global economy and substantial fluctuation of market in 2015. Faced with the complex and changeable international environment and arduous domestic reform and development task, the Chinese government determined to seek progress while ensuring stability, implemented innovation-driven strategy, practically focused on quality and efficiency improvement, as well as optimized and upgraded the structure. According to the preliminary data of National Bureau of Statistics of the People s Republic of China, in 2015, the GDP, the per capita disposable income among urban residents and the total annual retail sales of consumer goods of China increased by 6.9%, 8.9% and 10.7% respectively, as compared with 2014.
In 2015, the consumption market in China showed a flagging demand. Significant decline of raw materials price drove down the prices of products in the industry and excess capacity brought out by investment inertia also intensified industrial competition. The Group focused on the needs of our customers, continuously made efforts to deepen benchmark management, steadily improved the implementation of role model, actively commented technology innovation promoted implementation of key projects and gained a relative advantage in competition which contributed to a steady increase in market shares. While putting efforts on operation and management, the Group actively explored to promote mixed ownership reform and introduced ORG as a shareholder of the Company to initiate mixed ownership reform. The Group also actively undertook corporate social responsibility, enhanced the food safety management in overall process to raise the food safety standard, promoted safety production standardization work, energy reservation, emission reduction project and caring for employees, to create a harmonious development environment for our Group.
Looking forward, global economy is expected to continue recovering slowly. China will continue to guide the upgrading of industrial structure, comprehensively promote supply-side reform and total factor productivity improvement. The national economy will maintain a medium-high growth. The Group will continue to promote mixed ownership reform, conduct its business in a customer-focused and market-oriented way, further control capital expenditure and improve investment return, and comprehensively improve customers experience by higher-quality products and better service, thus to satisfy our customers.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I wish to express our sincere gratitude to the management and all the staff of the Group for their valuable service and contribution during the past year. I would also like to express our heartfelt gratitude to our customers, suppliers, business partners and shareholders for their continuous support to the 
