Chairman’s Letter
Vision
Strive to become the leading manufactures of packaging products
of integrated consumer goods in China
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Director(s)”) of CPMC Holdings Limited (the “Company”),
I am pleased to present the audited annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”
or “CPMC”) for the year ended 31 December 2016 (the “Year”).
In 2016, the Group recorded sales of approximately RMB5.22 billion, an increase of approximately 2.3% as
compared to the previous year; profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was approximately RMB294
million, representing an increase of approximately 3.9% as compared to approximately RMB283 million in 2015.
The basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2016 amounted to RMB0.28.
The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.10 (equivalent to approximately HK11.3 cents)
(2015: RMB0.02 (equivalent to approximately HK2.4 cents)) per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December
2016, subject to the approval to be obtained at the annual general meeting to be held on 23 May 2017. The
proposed final dividend will be distributed on or after 9 June 2017 to the shareholders of the Company whose
names appear on the shareholders’ register on 31 May 2017.
In 2016, the global economy continued to show signs of slow recovery amid deep adjustments, but in an
imbalanced manner. Under the overall complex and changeable international socio-political environment, China
continued to promote supply-side structural reform, implement positive financial policies and sound monetary
policies to stabilize economic growth. In 2016, China’s GDP grew 6.7%, which eased the downward pressure in
economy growth. Meanwhile, China’s per capita disposal income grew 6.3%, and the retail sales of consumer
goods grew 9.6%.
2016 was a difficult year for most economic entities. Although the domestic economy has entered the new
stage of stable development, overall demand of the market remains to be increased. In the face of such
market conditions, the Group successfully introduced industrial capital and had made substantial progress in
mixed ownership reform. Besides, the Share Subscription Scheme was implemented for employees to tie the
Company’s interests with the employees’ interests so as to stimulate initiative of the management team. In the
changing market environment, the Group insists on being oriented by customer needs. Internally, the Group
focused on benchmark management and quality and efficiency improvement to further reduce the production
costs. Besides, we strengthened risk control and further improved the internal control and risk management
system. Externally, efforts were intensified to expand into new areas and develop new customers. As a result,
the Group achieved a healthy, stable and orderly development. Maintaining good development momentum
in major economic indicators including sales revenue, sales volume and gross profit, the Group had a good
beginning for the “13th Five-Year” Plan.
Looking forward, against the background of the new normal into which the domestic economy has entered, the
Company will actively carry out industrial integration, continue to improve the corporate governance structure,
and actively adapt to the new normal of economic development. Internally, the Company will promote intelligent
manufacturing and lean management, reduce product costs and improve operational efficiency. Besides, the
Company will strengthen the management of intellectual property rights, patented technology and brand so as
to increase the Company’s comprehensive competitiveness.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I wish to express our sincere gratitude to the management and all the staff of the
Group for their valuable service and contribution during the past year. I would also like to express our heartfelt
gratitude to our customers, suppliers, business partners and shareholders for their continuous support to the
Group.
Zhang Xin
Chairman of the Board
Hong Kong, 28 March, 2017