Chairman s Letter 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of CPMC Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to present the audited annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group or CPMC ) for the year ended 31 December 2013 (the Year ).
It is a challenging but fruitful year for our Group in year 2013. The Group followed the market trend and development, kept abreast with the demand of consumers, strengthened the level of benchmarking management, carried out technological innovation and implemented new projects. Our Group also optimized the strategic planning of two-piece beverage aluminium cans, implemented one-piece aluminum cans production and completed the plastic packaging acquisition project. These strategies maintain our leading advantage in traditional business, elevate our position in aluminum packaging and plastic packaging industries and increase the influence of our Group in these industries. In 2013, the Group recorded sales of approximately RMB5.26 billion, an increase of 4.2% as compared to the previous year; profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was approximately RMB386 million, representing year-on-year growth of 19.7%.
In 2013, the global economy recovered at a slow pace and the overall economic development of China remained stable. Highly influenced by factors including the slackened domestic demand and the change in mode of economic development, the Chinese government continued to implement aggressive fiscal policies and solid monetary policies. Apart from this, the government implemented selective stimulation policies in time, strengthened market effect as well as improving the demand and supply. Consequently, the domestic economy remained steady and positive. According to the preliminary data of National Bureau of Statistics of the People s Republic of China, compared with year 2012, the GDP growth rate, the growth rate of per capita disposable income of urban residents and the total retail sales of consumer goods recorded increments of 7.7%, 9.7% and 13.1% in 2013, respectively. Faced with the steady development of macro-economy and downstream industry, the Group achieved steady and positive development in traditional businesses and rapid growth in newly- developed businesses through the adjustment of capacity deployment, improvement of internal management, promotion of technological research and development and implementation of cost-effective measures. These also placed us in a favourable position to strive for excellence for our traditional businesses and grow our new business continuously, improved the profitability of the Group and increased the social influence of the Group.
Corporate social responsibility is one of the major focuses of the Group. Accelerating the development of green packaging products, effectively promoting energy conservation and emission reduction have also been an important part of the Group s work. During the year, the Group joined hands with Yingli Green Energy Holding Co., Ltd., initiating the use of dispersed solar energy grid system and actively studied on the feasibility of the extensive use of solar energy resources in the Group.
Looking forward, the global economy will recover gradually, the structure of the domestic economy will be adjusted continuously, the economic reform will be deepened and the domestic economy will enter into the phase of moderate growth. As a well-established enterprise with dreams and a sense of responsibility, the Group will build upon our past experience and strive for a brighter prospect and development in the forthcoming future. Meanwhile, we will also keep an eye on the market movement and continue to follow up the requests of customers. While consolidating the dominating position of our traditional products, we will actively develop new product varieties, enhance the quality of products, show high concern on customer services, consolidate market position and gradually achieve the vision of becoming the leader in the integrated consumer goods packaging market .
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I wish to express our sincere appreciation to the management and all the staff of the Group for their valuable service and contribution during the previous year. I would also like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our customers, suppliers, business partners and shareholders for their continuous support to the Group.

