Chairman s Letter 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of CPMC Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to present the audited annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group or CPMC ) for the year ended 31 December 2014 (the Year ).
In 2014, the Group has overcome many challenges in absolute solidarity and made a concerted efforts and outstanding achievements in the face of massive challenges. As always, we adhered to the principle of meeting the needs of our customers first. While fortifying our advantages in the traditional tinplate packaging market, the Group has also greatly expedited its expansion into the aluminum packaging market as well as its business consolidation within the plastic packaging market and has realised stable growth of the Company s business.
In 2014, the Group recorded sales of approximately RMB5.30 billion, an increase of 0.72% as compared to the previous year; profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was approximately RMB346 million, a decrease of 10.43% as compared to the previous year.
The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.025 (equivalent to approximately HK3.1 cents) (2013: RMB0.035 (equivalent to HK4.4 cents)) per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2014, subject to the approval to be obtained at the annual general meeting to be held on 2 June 2015. The proposed final dividend will be distributed on or after 10 July 2015 to the shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the shareholders register on 17 June 2015.
As the global economy grew slowly in 2014 and hit by influencing factors such as a slackened overseas market demand, the continuous drop in domestic demand and the cyclical adjustment within the real estate market, China s economy experienced a substantial increase in downward pressure during the year. However, the Chinese government is determined to seek progress while ensuring stability, in order to maintain steady growth of the country s economy, the Chinese government has taken a series of policy measures, including implementing proactive fiscal policy and prudent monetary policy, further deepening reforms, invigorating the market and fostering creativity. According to the preliminary data of National Bureau of Statistics of the People s Republic of China, in 2014, the GDP growth rate, the growth rate per capita of disposable income among urban residents and the total annual retail sales of consumer goods of China increased by 7.4%, 9.0% and 12.0% respectively, as compared with 2013. In short, China s economic development has entered into the New 
In spite of unfavourable external conditions such as decelerating customer demand, intensifying competition within the industry and production capacity surplus of certain products, the Group responded actively during the Year by optimizing its product structure, increasing the proportion of environmental friendly aluminum packaging, cultivating new growth drivers for niche tinplate packaging markets and pushing forward the consolidation of its plastic packaging businesses, and as a result managed to attain a steady growth of the Company s results.
During the Year, with herbal tea packaging products continuous shifting from three-piece beverage cans to two-piece beverage cans, the market demand for three-piece beverage cans showed a negative growth, intensifying the mismatch between supply and demand for such product. Keeping a close attention to such market change, the Group proactively readjusted the allocation of its production capacity and effectively improved its cost control and production management, keeping the gross profit margins of products at stable level. In the meantime, the Group has fostered specific new business growth drivers and thus managed to rapidly increase the business incomes of its milk powder cans, twist caps, steel barrels, round and square shaped cans businesses, etc. As a result, the overall gross profit level of tinplate packaging products was 
With the improvement in production capacity layout for two-piece beverage cans and gradual increase in product diversity, the Group s aluminum packaging business maintained a rapid growth, recording a sales income increase of approximately 16.3% as compared to last year. The Group s six production lines for two- piece beverage cans situated across Hangzhou, Wuhan, Chengdu, Tianjin and Guangzhou operated at optimal capacity and accomplished a sales volume of approximately 4.41 billion cans throughout the year, representing an increase of approximately 26.8% as compared to last year. In March 2014, Guangzhou Company launched trial production of two-piece beverage cans and commenced formal production in June. The Two- Piece Beverage Can Project of Nanning Company progressed steadily and the production line began trial production in November, 2014, strengthening the Group s supply capacity of 500ml cans. During the Year, the Company s first high speed one-piece can production line gradually released capacity, offering a premium and diverse product portfolio which completely met the diverse customer demand. This production line produced approximately 28.76 million one-piece cans in 2014.
Plastic packaging business has been the Company s focused segment. In 2014, in spite of a slackened growth in demand from downstream market, the Group has secured the steady development of its plastic packaging business by actively promoting business consolidation, optimizing production capacity layout and enhancing internal coordination. The sales income for our plastic packaging business in 2014 was approximately RMB551 million, which was roughly the same as 2013. As a result, the Company was able to maintain its leading position in the plastic packaging market of personal care and household chemical products.
In 2014, the Group has effectively ramped up its food safety control and optimized its supplier system.
Emphasis was set on improving the management of contractors and hazardous operations while continuous efforts were made to deepen benchmarking management. In addition, we have greatly promoted the implementation of over 30 technological reform projects and 58 research and development projects, and we also completed 21 technological enhancement projects and 30 green projects, with generated economic benefits of over RMB68 million.
The Company takes its social responsibility seriously. Specifically, we are very concerned with the needs of our customers and strived to provide them with safe and premium quality products. While promoting a well- balanced corporate development, we also paid close attention to the growth of employees and ensured work- place health and safety. Moreover, we upheld a green development philosophy and engaged in energy saving and environmental protection. Lastly, we extended our care and love to various underprivileged groups and supported social welfare programs. In doing so, we have enhanced our brand image and contributed to the harmonious development of society.
Looking forward to 2015, the new four modernizations , namely industrialization, informatization, neourbanization and agricultural modernization, will advance further and China will push for deeper reform.
As a result, China s economy will maintain stable growth, along with structural transformation and continuous improvement in consumption models and a steady consumption growth. Despite the increasing competition in the packaging industry, the availability of consolidation opportunities will provide excellent growth opportunities for well-established packaging enterprises. The Group will seize merger and acquisition opportunities as and when appropriate. Meanwhile, we will continue with our research and innovation efforts to enrich our product portfolio. We will also ensure the quality and safety of our product and put customers needs at first place so as to maintain our advantage in terms of our highly tailored services and our overall marketing capability and to further increase customer satisfaction and shareholders value.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I wish to express our sincere gratitude to the management and all the staff of the Group for their valuable service and contribution during the past year. I would also like to express our heartfelt gratitude to our customers, suppliers, business partners and shareholders for their continuous support to the 
