Chairman s Letter Vision of the Company: Strive to become the leader in the integrated consumer products 
After listing, CPMC has ushered in a new stage of rapid development.
Through internal innovation and strategic refinement, CPMC will maintain long-lasting vitality.
Chairman s Letter 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of CPMC Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to take this opportunity to present the audited annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group or CPMC ) for the year ended 31 December 2010 (the Year ).
First of all, on behalf of the Board and all staff of the Group, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the former chairman of the Board, Mr. Xue Guoping ( Mr. Xue ), for his contribution to CPMC. Under the leadership of Mr. Xue, CPMC has attained great transformation and maintained rapid business development in recent years. It has also successfully weathered the impact of the global fi nancial tsunami in 2008, and went public in Hong Kong. I would also like to extend my best wishes to Mr. Xue on his retirement.
2010 was the fi rst full fi nancial year for the Group since its initial public offering (the IPO ). During the year, the Group endeavored to achieve its strategic targets, vigorously developing the two-piece beverage aluminium cans and plastic packaging businesses while maintaining its leading positions in several segments of the metal packaging products industry. During the year, the Group realized a turnover of approximately RMB3.42 billion, up 11.4%, as compared to the previous year; profi t attributable to shareholders was approximately RMB212 million, increased by 44.5%, as compared to the previous year.
China s economy maintained its robust growth while the recovery in the global market remained sluggish as governments around the world strived hard to bail out the global economy after onset of the global fi nancial tsunami.
According to the data from China s National Bureau of Statistics ( NBS ), China s GDP grew by 10.3% in 2010 as compared to the previous year while the per capita disposable income increased by more than 10%, helping to boost consumer confi dence and expenditure. Retail sales of consumer goods in the country surged 18.3% in 2010 as compared with 2009. Rising consumer expenditure has not only benefi ted the retail industry but has also bolstered the development of the consumer goods packaging industry. Meanwhile, with an increase in income, consumers have also put more emphasis on the safety of food and packaging materials.
Also, 2010 was still a year of challenges for the Group. According to the data from the NBS, China s CPI rose 3.3% in 2010. As a result, the Group alone with most other Chinese manufacturers faced infl ationary pressure, particularly in terms of rising costs of labor and materials. In the wake of the infl ationary pressure, the Group proactively took measures to save energy and reduce emission while advancing its automation level and productivity, pursuing a sustainable business model that puts emphasis as well on resource saving, environmental protection and 
The packaging industry, a key part of the national economy, has been growing robustly with strong impetus from China s rapid industrialization and urbanization. Looking ahead, the Group remains optimistic about the prospect of its business and continues to pursue the mission of maintaining a leading position in the integrated consumer goods packaging market. On the aspect of product development, the Group will take advantage of its competitive edge in developing new products and new technologies in step with the new trend in the consumer goods market, in order to further enhance the gross profi t margin. On the aspect of customers, the Group will strive to win orders from new customers while retaining its existing customers, in order to boost its market share. In the face of the challenges posed by the ever changing business environment and expectations of the capital market, the Group will adjust its business plans and strategies timely, to maintain and strengthen its leading position in the industry, with the target of providing environmental-friendly consumer goods packaging products and high-quality services, as well as improving the living environment and the world by taking into account the benefi ts of customers, shareholders and the staff.
Finally, on behalf of the Board I would like to thank the Management and all the staff of the Group for their valuable services and contribution during the past year. I would also like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all the customers, suppliers, business partners and shareholders for their continuous support to the Group.

