Chairman s Statement 
In 2014, the business environment was severe and complex . Under the strong leadership of the Board and under the guide of the management team, the Company, following the One, Five and Five ( 0NNN 08h_0beu) core strategy of Guodian Group as its guidance, took the lead in energy conservation and emission reduction, continued to optimize power structure, strengthened the principal business of wind power and endeavoured to have a quality, efficient and sustainable development, thus accelerating the pace of establishing the world first-class new energy listed company .
As at the end of December 2014, the consolidated installed capacity of the Company reached 15,697MW, among which, the consolidated installed capacity of wind power reached 13,543MW, moving steadily towards the objective of being the world s largest wind power operator . In 2014, despite the decline in wind resources, the Company recorded a profit before taxation of RMB4,062 million . Wind power output for the year reached 23 .088 billion kWh, representing an increase of 1 .159 billion kWh year-on-year . The Group obtained approvals for wind power projects with installed capacity of 2,642 MW in 2014, 94% capacity of which was located in the regions not subject to grid curtailment(P0W@S), reaching the historically highest level and indicating a continuous optimization of the wind power development layout . In 2014, the share price of the Company maintained a stable performance amid the great fluctuations in the H-share prices of the new energy sector . Meanwhile, the Company won the award of The Best Corporate Governance in Listed 
NlQS) under the China Securities Golden Bauhinia (-N WI8R+}J), and the award of the Best Company in Clean and Renewable Energy Industry (tOenOmi'YNs) granted by Asian Weekly ( 
The development of green energy is a project for environmental protection and the welfare of mankind .
It is the common vision and direction of our effort input to build the ecological civilization and a beautiful China . Considering the sustainable social development as our fundamental consideration, the Company aspires to advance in the new energy development with diligence and courage . As always following the national strategic planning and keeping abreast of the direction of new energy development around the world, we will enhance our communication and cooperation with the industry sector both at home and abroad to jointly promote the healthy development of new energy industry, turn over a new leaf in the great cause of building a beautiful China and create a glorious future . We will further reinforce our investment in new energy sector to consolidate our industry leading strength, make unremitting efforts to build the world top-notch new energy listed company and contribute to the improvement of ecological environment with concrete actions .
Chairman of the Board 
