PRESIDENT’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
From a long-term perspective of national energy security and sustainable development, the trend of energy
development through transformation featured by vigorous development of new energy is irreversible and
the national determination for development of new energy is firm and long term. In March 2015, the CCP
Central Committee and the State Council published the Several Opinions on Further Deepening Power
System Reform (《關於進一步深化電力體制改革若干意見》), specifying the basic principle and objective
of adherence to energy conservation and emission reduction and promotion of energy structure optimisation
to increase the proportion of renewable energy power generation in power supply; in November 2015, the
NDRC issued six core supporting documents on system reform, of which the Opinions on Implementation
of Orderly Release of Power Generation and Utilisation (《關於有序放開發用電計劃的實施意見》)
further specified preferential arrangement of guaranteed power generation with renewable energy including
wind power and solar power. These are favourable national policies supporting the development of new
energy.
In 2015, under the strong leadership of the Board, the Group earnestly followed and implemented the
spirits of the Working Conferences held at the beginning and middle of the year respectively and took
initiatives to accommodate the new normality. In adherence to the “eight focuses” (“八個注重”) and in
pursuit of the “four first-classes” (“四個一流”), the Group carried out the activity of “year for improvement
of normalized and standardized management” in a deep-going way, strengthened the operation and
management, deepened reform and innovation and advanced each work in a steady manner, thus
maintaining a sound operation and development trend.
FAVORABLE PRODUCTION AND OPERATION RESULT
In 2015, through a number of measures for taping corporate profit potentials, the Group achieved
consolidated operating revenue for the year amounting to RMB19,649 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 7.8%. Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to RMB2,881 million,
representing an increase of 12.8% from 2014. The earnings per share amounted to RMB35.84 cents. As
at the end of 2015, the total annual assets amounted to RMB133,473 million, among which its net assets
amounted to RMB44,533 million and its net gearing ratio was 61.71%.
LEADING POSITION IN UTILISATION HOURS OF WIND
POWER
Against the sharp decline in wind resources and aggravated grid curtailment in the second half year of
2015, the Group reinforced the benchmarking of power generation, thoroughly boosted “lean maintenance”
of equipment and carried out difference rate management of utilization hours in an all-round way. An
annual cumulative wind power of 25,709 million kWh was generated, representing an increase of 11.35%
year-on-year, and the utilisation hours of wind power reached 1,888 hours, 160 hours higher than the
industry average.
SUSTAINED GROWTH IN INSTALLED CAPACITY
In 2015, in order to cope with the declining price policy for wind power, the Group constructed a batch of
high quality wind power projects in a fast-paced manner. The newly installed wind power capacity of the
Group reached 2,222 MW, reaching the historically highest level. As at the end of 2015, the consolidated
installed capacity of the Group reached 17,950 MW, of which the wind power installed capacity was 15,765
MW, ranking the first in the world.
SUSTAINED ENHANCEMENT OF DEVELOPMENT QUALITY
Through optimising project development layout, maximizing the effort input for the preliminary works and
intensifying assessment of preliminary work, the Group obtained approvals for wind power projects with
installed capacity of 2,628 MW in 2015, 87% capacity of which were located in the regions not subject to
grid curtailment(非限電地區), further enhancing the quality of its development.
We would like to extend our sincere gratitude to each shareholder for your tremendous support. Looking
forward to the next year, we will further accelerate the establishment of an international first-class listed
new energy company with the focus on the following aspects: I. To strengthen operation of stock assets
with the “double enhancement” as the focus. Through in-depth promotion of “double enhancement”, we
will consolidate the foundation of safe production and cope with the grid curtailment with all our strength.
A complete model system for economic operation management and control will be established to intensify
assets operation and management; II. To optimise the development of earned assets with economic benefit
as the centre. Steady efforts will be made in development of high quality resources while enhancing the
quality of preliminary work. We will endeavour to improve the management and control of project progress
to build high quality projects. In addition, we will also proactively explore and study the application and
management model for new wind power technologies; III. To deepen system and mechanism reform to
improve enterprise management innovation capacity. All-round innovation will be made in terms of basic
management, management system and mechanism, talents selection and employment mechanism, and
training for young employees. We will implement the technological innovation-driven strategy; and IV. To
strengthen ideological and political work for Party building to create an overall harmonious atmosphere.
The building of Party and a clean management organization will be strengthened in the general to create
the happiness of the Company.
President
Li Enyi