Chairman s Statement 
2012 was a pivotal year for China s Twelfth Five-Year Plan . Notwithstanding the difficult business environment, the Group exerted great and pioneering efforts in its management to forge ahead its operations . The Group continued to foster its development featuring larger scale, optimised layout and improved quality . The profitability was enhanced as a result of the better-organized operation and streamlined management and remarkable results were achieved, which laid a solid foundation for the Group s sound and sustainable development .
In 2012, the Group recorded net profit attributable to shareholders of RMB2,593 million . As at the end of the year, the total assets amounted to RMB107,840 million with net assets of RMB36,422 million, which continued to represent a leading position in the industry . As at the end of 2012, with consolidated installed capacity of wind power reaching 10,544 MW, the Group ranked first in both Asia and China, as well as second in the world . During the year, 17,407 million kWh of green electricity was delivered, representing the saving of 5 .22 million tons of standard coal and an emission reduction of 17 .41 million tons of carbon dioxide, thereby significantly contributed to the development of green economy in the country . In addition, the Group achieved new breakthroughs during 2012 in areas such as operation and management, preliminary development of projects, safe production, project construction, scientific innovation, talents training and promotion of civilisation especially on culture . Our enterprise is becoming more influential with stronger competitiveness and uplifted corporate 
Notwithstanding the current complex economic situations both domestically and abroad, the national economy develops stably but steadily . Strong power support is indispensable for the economic development . In particular, harmony among humans, societies and the Nature was unprecedentedly stressed by the PRC . In line with the direction and policies of the strategic development of emerging industries in China, the potential growth of new energy power generation is optimistic .
In 2013, we will closely adhere to the national policies on the industry, seize opportunities for development, continue to expedite corporate transformation, optimise internal management and enhance systems innovation . All these measures will help enhance our profitability, as well as our abilities on risk aversion, technological innovation and sustainable development as a whole, and thus enabling us to strive for continuous development in becoming a listed new energy company ranking high among international players, and to achieve outstanding performance to bring return to our investors and the society .

Chairman of the Board 
