Chairman s Statement 
Every five years mark a watershed .
Over the past five years, the Group has made remarkable progress by tapping into China s fast- growing new energy industry . Throughout the years, the Group s strategic layout has consistently improved with its business scale continuously expanding . The Group s key competitiveness also strengthened, resulting in the steady growth of its profitability . All these, combined with the successful listing of the Company s H shares, have made us a legend .
As the first new energy enterprise in China listed in Hong Kong, we operate our business with prudence and refine our management so as to safeguard our brand s reputation and deliver a return to our investors . In 2010, the Group enhanced its profitability significantly, with net profit attributable to shareholders amounting to RMB2,019 million and total assets amounting to RMB74,634 million . We steadily proceeded with the strategic layout of our new energy businesses and the optimisation of our wind power pipeline structure . We continued to rank first in Asia in terms of installed capacity of wind power while our offshore wind power businesses opened up a new landscape . By forming business partnerships in South Africa, the United States and other countries, we are deeply incorporated into the world economy and are thereby open to infinite possibilities . We are committed to energy conservation and emission reduction . We delivered 10,200 million kWh of green electricity during the year, representing an emission reduction of 1 .02 million tons of carbon dioxide and saving of 3 .07 million tons of coal equivalent .

We always remember our origin with gratitude . Looking back, we have come to understand that the Company s sustainable development would not be possible without the upfront support of the Chinese government, the stern support of public investors and our diligent staff .
Year 2011 marks the beginning of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan . Around the world, enthusiasm for new energy prevails all over Europe, America and Asia and policy support from the Chinese government has been ever increasing . New energy development is not only an antidote to address the deteriorating climate conditions but also part of the key strategy to drive economic growth and ensure national energy security . Faced with such new situations and new requirements, the Group will unceasingly optimize the business layout while paying attention to both offshore and onshore operations, both domestic and overseas markets and both wind power and other new energy sources . We will spare no efforts to encourage innovations in the system, mechanism, management and technology, further expand financing channels and talent resources and enhance our service and management functions in the operation of wind power projects, so as to ensure our sustainable development by achieving greater operation efficiency .
In the long run, we must be strong and resolute for the daunting tasks ahead . With a vision to establishing a safe, stable, economical and clean modern energy industry system, we will be as innovative and relentless as ever to develop into a world s top-notch listed company in the field of new energy sources, to maximize returns to shareholders and to give back to 
