Chairman s Statement 
2011 heralded the start of China s Twelfth Five-Year Plan and was a pivotal year for the Group s development . Notwithstanding the hostile business conditions, all of our management members and staff exerted all efforts in corporate governance in an industrious and enterprising manner, which brought remarkable results . The year saw continuous improvement in the Group s business layout, steady rise in operation efficacy, improved management and stronger core competitiveness . All these have laid solid foundation for the Group s sound and sustainable development in the long run .
In 2011, the Group enhanced its profitability steadily, with net profit attributable to shareholders amounting to RMB2,638 million and total assets amounting to RMB90,107 million throughout the year . We proceeded to optimise the layout of our new energy business and fostered preliminary development and project construction of wind power . With consolidated installed capacity of wind power as high as 8,598 MW, we rank first in Asia and solar PV development has also reached a certain scale . In 2011, the Group continued to be the pioneer and forerunner in the industry, and outperformed its national peers across various aspects, ranging from overseas wind power development, innovation of technology for offshore wind power project construction, to facilitating construction of wind farms in areas with high altitude and low wind speed . The Group conscientiously delivered on its commitment to energy conservation and emission reduction .
13,524 million kWh of green electricity was delivered during the year, representing an emission reduction of 13 .52 million tons of carbon dioxide and saving of 4 .06 million tons of coal equivalent .

Of late, in spite of various difficulties in the world economy, new energy development in China also faced challenges to a certain extent . Overall speaking, however, the state has been more determined to expedite restructuring of its energy profile and progress of energy conservation and emission reduction during the period of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan . In this respect, new energy developments is still of ample opportunities . To cope with the new circumstances and new requirements, the Group will expedite corporate transformation, explore its potential of efficiency enhancement and strengthen internal management . All these will help enhance its profitability, risk aversion capabilities, technological innovation and sustainability as a whole and thus quicken its pace of developing itself into a leading international listed new energy company .
There has been a global consensus among nations that there is a need to develop new energy, promote energy conservation as well as emission reduction and combat global warming, and the robust development of a low-carbon economy has, historically, become an inevitable trend . The Group will continue to expedite corporate transformation and strengthen its leading presence in the wind power industry by tapping into new energy development .
It will adhere to and promote its corporate culture and honest business practices whilst leveraging exploration and innovation to gain new heights in 2012 . We will strive for more outstanding performance to reward our investors, the state and the society .

Chairman of the Board 
