CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENTDear Shareholders,
In 2016, the business environment was severe and complex. Under the strong leadership
of the Board, the Company, with the goal of becoming a world first-class company,
thoroughly implemented the “One, Five and Five” strategy (“一五五”戰略) of Guodian Group
and carried out the activity of “year for management innovation” (“管理創新年”) in a deepgoing
way with reform and innovation as its key drivers. It proactively adapted to the new
normal and the new trend of power reform, striving to achieve a quality, efficient and
sustainable development by virtue of advantages.
As at the end of 2016, the consolidated installed capacity of the Company reached 19,494
MW, among which, the consolidated installed capacity of wind power reached 17,369
MW, making the Company the world’s largest wind power operator. In 2016, wind power
output reached 29.962 billion kWh, representing an increase of 4.253 billion kWh year-onyear.
The Company recorded a profit before taxation of RMB5,150 million, representing an
increase of 10.30% year-on-year. Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company
amounted to RMB3,549 million, representing an increase of 23.31% from 2015, the highest
level in recent years. The Company obtained approvals for wind power projects with
installed capacity of 1,840 MW in 2016, including new wind power projects with installed
capacity of 1,604 MW. In 2016, Moody’s, an international credit rating agency, upgraded
the credit rating of the Company from Baa1 to A3.
2017 is a critical year that will link the past achievements with future development during
the “Thirteenth Five-year” period and it’s a year full of hope. Led by the “Five Main
Development Ideas” (“五大發展理念”), we, following the main line of innovative management
and development, will keep up with the national strategic deployment of energy. On
the occasion of the new round of power system reform, we will continually improve and
upgrade the stock assets, carefully build first-class earned assets and do our utmost in
the operation, management and development of the Company to build it into an innovative,
management and benefits-oriented enterprise. We will accelerate the pace of building
a world first-class new energy company in an all-round way to make more contributions
in terms of coping with global climate change and building ecological civilization and a
beautiful China.
Chairman of the Board
Qiao Baoping