Chairman s Statement 
In the aftermath of global financial crisis in 2009, the world s major developed countries and emerging economies all revisited their energy strategies, carried out energy reforms, and treated renewable energy as one of the major forces to help restore the economy and drive technological economic development. The renewable energy sector was once again the focus of world s headlines during the Copenhagen Climate Change Conference in December 2009.

As a market leader in China s renewable energy sector, the Company captured this opportunity by listing its shares on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 10 December 2009. As the largest wind power generation company in China and the fifth largest in the world, the Group was strongly supported in the capital market, with its share price outperforming the market upon 
The proceeds raised in the listing has enabled the Company to expedite the development of wind power projects. In 2009, the Group achieved significant success by increasing its consolidated installed capacity of wind power business by 79.9% from 2,502.8 MW last year to 4,503.5 MW as of 31 December 2009. Net profit attributable to shareholders reached RMB894 million, representing an increase of 165.3% over RMB337 million in 2008. Ranking first among industry players in China and fifth worldwide as of 31 December 2009 according to BTM report, the Group managed to maintain its leading position which in turn strengthened its competitiveness.
Chairman of the Board 
With unremitting efforts in the development and construction of wind power and other renewable energy sources, the promotion of energy-saving, emission reduction and the improvement in environmental quality, the Group met the emission reduction target of 6.20 million tons of carbon dioxide in 2009 and saved 2.48 million tons of coal equivalent.
Since the PRC government identified renewable energy, energy-saving and environmental protection industries as major drivers to bolster investment, stimulate spending, stabilise exports and enhance international competitiveness, these sectors have received support on an unprecedented scale.
Embarking on 2010, the PRC government is set to add fresh impetus to renewable energy industries such as wind power and solar energy, which will pave way for a healthy and fast-growing renewable energy sector in the PRC. As the leading company of the PRC renewable energy sector, the Group is poised to benefit from the continuous growth of the sector. Moreover, with the global trend to develop a low carbon economy, the Group s value will further emerge over a sustainable term.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express our gratitude to our shareholders for their trust and support and our management and staff for their outstanding contributions. We hope to continue our excellant performance in 2010.
Chairman of the Board 
