Chairman s Statement 
During the year under review, the Group stepped up cost control efforts and actively expanded its core businesses, thereby overcoming a challenging market and achieving remarkable progress in its annual results with notable increases in revenue and profit across all business segments. It is noteworthy that we achieved a major breakthrough in our Upstream business through the successful acquisition of two oil producing blocks in Bohai Bay, China from Anadarko Petroleum Corporation of the United States, which extends our oil and natural gas resources from the mainland to offshore and substantially expands our oil and gas reserves.
This enables us to transform the Company from an oil storage, trading and marine transportation company into a resource-focused 
The Group has current net 2P gas reserves of 86 million barrels of oil equivalent. Upon full production of the Dina 1 Gas Field and the Tuzi Gas Field in the Tarim Basin in Xinjiang, China and the oilfield blocks in Bohai Bay, the Group will achieve daily net production of approximately 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent and annual net production of approximately 9 million barrels of oil equivalent. With a primary focus on the upstream business, we will drive long-term steady growth of the Group s reserves, production and revenue.
The International Trading and Bunkering ( ITB ) division has diversified its product lines to now include fuel oil, crude, middle distillates and petrochemicals, and has achieved a significant presence in the international oil trading and regional marine bunker market. Our Marine Transportation division achieved significant improvement in its operations and management this year. We have implemented tighter cost control measures while continuing to maintain high quality standards; restructured the commercial departments and achieved almost full utilization of tanker capacity of our tanker fleets, thereby contributing to the Group s profit growth. We are currently developing oil storage and terminal facilities in Zhoushan connected to national oil pipelines and nearby refineries. Moreover, the Zhoushan project is equipped with terminals and berths which can accommodate Very Large Crude Carriers (VLCCs), thus substantially enhancing our competitive advantages. With the commissioning of Phase 1 of the Zhoushan project in the second half of 2015, our three core businesses shall benefit from significant synergies through the completion of our fully integrated supply model.

Dr. Sit Kwong Lam 
In July 2014, the Board appointed Dr. Bruce Yung, a veteran and expert in the energy sector, as the Group s CEO to oversee the implementation of our strategy in addition to the day to day business across the Group. I have stepped down as Group CEO to focus on the formulation of long-term corporate strategies and to guide the management team in the execution of these strategies.
This is further evidence of our commitment to good corporate governance, which will enable the Group to continue its progress to becoming a long-term sustainable business.
I strongly believe that the growth of China s economy, oil reforms by the central government, as well as growing consumption and urbanization, will bring amazing opportunities to China s energy industry and enterprises. The Group will capture opportunities in the market, overcome all challenges and achieve our established strategic target, hence sustainably increasing our shareholders value and returns.
Sit Kwong Lam 
24 September 2014 
