Chairman s Statement 
First of all, on behalf of the board of directors (the Directors ) of the Company, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders, investors, customers, suppliers, business partners and the community at large, for their great support.

Following the change of the controlling shareholder last year, Brightoil Petroleum quickly evolved into the largest marine bunkering service provider in Shenzhen and its surrounding area. The Group achieved outstanding results for the financial year of 200809, generating satisfactory returns for our shareholders. Over the last financial year, the Group successfully transformed its core businesses to focus on establishing a complete value chain network, comprising of marine bunkering, oil storage and wharfs, marine transportation as well as oil and gas exploitation and 
Marine bunkering, being our first core business, has tremendous potential for growth. In the last financial year, we have expanded our services to Shanghai, Ningbo and Hong Kong ports. We shall further extend our network to Singapore, Xiamen and Qingdao within the next few months. In the near future, our marine bunkering service will expand to other major ports in the PRC and globally, aiming towards being a leading worldwide marine bunkering service provider and generating potentially high returns for our shareholders.
Upon completion of the Zhoushan and Dalian storage and wharf facilities, the Group will strengthen its logistics supply network. This will cover the entire coastal region of the PRC from the Pearl River Delta through the Yangtze River Delta to the Bohai Rim. This network not only provides strong support to the Group s marine bunkering operations, it also generates substantial rental income to the Group.
Our marine transportation operation is another core business that the Group is establishing to further improve our logistics supply chain and freight income. We contemplate developing an oil tanker fleet to support our marine bunkering and oil trading business. Our competitive strength and market position will be further enhanced with a 
complete supply chain network. The marine transportation business will generate stable cash flow and diversify our source of income. Discovering opportunities in critical conditions is one of our strengths. With the international shipping industry being severely affected by the recent economic downturn, the cost of vessels has reduced tremendously. This provides us with a great opportunity to build our oil tanker fleet. Upon recovery of the economy, the value of these vessels will have enormous potential to appreciate.
In August this year, we entered into the PSC for the joint development and production of natural gas in Tuzi Block, the Tarim Basin, Xinjiang. This marks our first entry into the upstream sector, another of our core businesses. With increasing natural gas consumption in the PRC, gas prices have the potential to rise and as such the value of our gas field would appreciate accordingly. In the long run, we will actively look for opportunities in oil and gas projects in the PRC and globally that offer long term, steady returns and create a solid foundation for the Group.
The PRC has gradually developed into a country of influence in the world, with its energy consumption expected to increase for a long period of time. The Group will relentlessly develop its upstream and downstream oil related businesses, including oil and gas exploration, oil storage and wharfs facilities and marine transportation. We will continue to strengthen our supply chain and develop our global marine bunkering network to become a fully integrated upstream and downstream global energy conglomerate.
Last but not least, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to the board, management and all the employees of the Group for their dedication and contribution. We shall continue what we have begun, diligently working to create greater value and returns to our shareholders and investors.

