Chairman s Statement 
In face of the complex economic and financial environment of 2009, the Group responded to various challenges by upholding its principle of proactive and prudent operations, further promoting business transformation, and fully upgrading customer services and risk management, and achieved multiple successes.
In 2009, our operating results again set impressively high records, with profi tability indicators leading all the other global market players. The Group realised a net profi t of RMB106,836 million, an increase of 15.32% over the previous year. Net fee and commission income rose by 25.00% year-on-year to RMB48,059 million, with its share in operating income rising to 17.84%. The return on average assets and the return on average equity were 1.24% and 20.87% respectively. The net interest margin stood at 2.41%. The board of directors of the Group recommended a cash dividend of RMB0.202 per 
Our business grew at a reasonable pace in 2009. Besides providing good financial services to our customers and communities, we achieved balanced and sound lending by following our credit policy standards and not exceeding the risk limit. We innovated more fi nancial products, improved credit resources allocations and enhanced fi nancial service capabilities in various areas. We continued to leverage our traditional strength in infrastructure lending and housing fi nance.
Infrastructure lending increased by 29.57%, or RMB351,411 million while residential mortgage loans rose by 41.35%, or RMB249,384 million. We also vigorously developed emerging businesses relating to small businesses, agriculture, farmers and rural areas , and people s livelihood projects. Agriculture-related loans rose by 38.25%, or RMB163,096 million. The Group launched the Minben Tongda branded services for four major livelihood areas education, medical care and health, social security and environmental protection, with related loans increasing by 48.56%.
With the New York branch and the subsidiary bank in London successively opening in 2009, the Group preliminarily achieved its goal of participating in 24-hour market transactions around the world. By establishing an agency relationship with more than 1,300 banks in nearly 130 countries and regions, we expanded our service channels with these agencies network and notably raised our global customer service capability. In addition, the Group successfully acquired AIG Finance (Hong Kong) Ltd., acquired a controlling stake in Hefei Xingtai Trust Co. Ltd., and was granted approval to set up six rural banks, thus further optimising our diversifi ed operating platform.
The Group has always adhered to its customer-focused philosophy, and actively built a specialised and differentiated customer service system, with improved service quality and customer satisfaction. In 2009, the Group completed the second phase transformation at 1,200 retail outlets after the fi rst phase transformation of all outlets. Consequently, the average time customer service managers spent on customers increased by more than 30% on average. The Group set up 928 new, specialised operation centres for small business lending, wealth management, investment banking and annuity to provide customers with comprehensive fi nancial services. We accelerated self-service facilities and e-banking building.
With 36,000 Automatic Teller Machines (ATM) in operation, the Group surpassed its competitors around the world. The total number of transactions via self-service and e-banking channels was more than twice as big as that via physical 
While achieving rapid business growth, the Group also reinforced its risk management. We further promoted credit structure adjustments, strengthened post-lending management and credit risk control, and continued to refine the management framework and policy system for market and operational risks, thus further enhancing our comprehensive risk control capability. We continued to outperform other large Chinese banks in asset quality as evidenced by declines in both the balance and ratio of non-performing loans. Our allowances to non-performing loans reached 175.77%.
The Group s remarkable performance was well recognised by the regulatory authorities, market and banking industry.
The regulatory authorities approved of the Group s contribution in promoting economic development, preventing risk and regulating the pace of growth during the year. In 2009, we ranked 9th in The Banker s Top 500 Global Financial Brands and ranked 23rd in Forbes World s 2000 Biggest Public Companies 2009 . We were named Best Bank in China by Euromoney, Best Banking Group in China and Hong Kong by World Finance, and Best Domestic Bank in China by 
While attaining excellent operating results, the Group has remained fully committed to its social responsibility as a fi nancial institution. We have strived to improve our corporate image and promote harmony in society. The Group earnestly implemented the green credit policy and gave the environment criteria veto power in credit approvals. We continued to contribute to poverty alleviation programmes, donating RMB60 million to set up the CCB Scholarships and Grants for College Students from Ethnic Minorities in 2009. In addition, we continued working on a series of other social welfare programmes, including the construction and maintenance of the Hope Primary School, and the sponsorship programmes for impoverished high school students and for impoverished mothers of heroes & exemplary workers. The Group s efforts and practices in fulfi lling its corporate social responsibility have gained wide recognition in the community. In CSR Asia s 2009 ranking, we ranked fi rst among domestic Chinese banks for the second year in a row.
The Group s achievements are hard earned. I owe all this to the support and trust of our customers and shareholders, and the hard work of the Board, the board of supervisors, the management and all our staff. To these people, I would like to express my sincere gratitude.
Looking ahead to 2010, the economic and fi nancial development at home and abroad is still full of uncertainties. The Group will still encounter many diffi culties and challenges in its reform and development. Nevertheless, we will persist in adopting a sound operating strategy, strengthen capital planning and constraints, put greater emphasis on risk control and fundamental management, relentlessly pursue reform and innovation, further improve the specialisation and sophistication level of operating management, and strive to achieve a more impressive performance.

