Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors, I would like to thank all of the shareholders, customers and business partners for their continuous support and interest! 
Sit Kwong Lam 
Despite the unstable global economic condition, through the devoted efforts of our management and staff over the past year, our four core business segments, including International Supply and Bunkering, Oil Storage and Terminal Facilities, Marine Transportation and Upstream Business, have achieved outstanding results. Our annual revenue went up 190% than that of the previous financial year.
With regard to our ISB business, consistent with our strategic plan, our business network has been expanded globally to many major ports, including Shenzhen, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Zhoushan-Ningbo, Singapore, Malaysia, Rotterdam and New Orleans; our market positions in Southeast Asia, Europe and North America continue to grow strongly and we remain the second largest marine bunkering market provider in Mainland China. In the coming year, we continue to increase our global presence and target new major ports to begin operations both in China and internationally.
This year we opened trading offices in Singapore and Houston with the Geneva office to open soon. Operations from these offices allow us to increase our participation in the mid stream value chain thus generating further revenue for 
Our Oil Storages and Terminal Facilities started construction in Zhoushan and Dalian in June and July last year. These two projects are expected to launch operations by phases with phase one ready in 16-20 months. These projects will provide support to our bunkering business and assist in our expansion into China s coastal areas. Additionally they will generate considerable third party revenue once they are completed. In the future, we will continue storage opportunities to support our international growth. Together with our quality of service, oil storage is a key to our success in building our bunkering business.
During the year as the international shipping market entered into a difficult trading environment, we have further strengthened our fleet of oil tankers to complete our supply chain from procurement to service delivery. These vessels under construction were purchases at prices significantly lower than before. Upon the delivery of these VLCCs, our total oil carrying capacity will exceed up to 2.0 million DWT. This has enabled us to establish a more complete supply chain and to further enhance our competitiveness, which will reinforce our leading position in the industry.
The primary evaluation of the natural gas project in the Tuzi Gas Field, Tarim Basin, conducted in conjunction with CNPC, has been completed. We have just finished acquiring a 3D seismic survey over a critical region of the field.
Our development drilling & construction phase will begin shortly. We are targeting the first production from the Tuzi gas field for the first half of 2012. We believe there will be an upward trend for natural gas prices in China, which will be a great upside for us.

Early this year, the Group entered into a US$4 billion Strategic Co-operation Agreement with the China Development Bank Corporation, Hong Kong Branch, demonstrating the strong support of the Chinese government in the Group s business. Looking forward, we will continue our global expansion of our businesses and will further strengthen our leadership position in the global energy market so as to become one of the leading global energy conglomerates in 
At the same time, we will continue to develop our upstream business with a proactive approach to seeking and acquiring upstream development and production opportunities in China and abroad, including the global exploitation and development of oil and gas fields. This will serve as a solid foundation for the Group s future development and growth and will strengthen our leading position in the global energy market.
Finally, on behalf of the Board of directors, I would like to express my gratitude to the company s management and staff for their contributions and diligence work over the last year, which has led to the company s achievements. I would also like to thank our shareholders and business partners, who have also contributed to the Group s rapid development over the past year. We will continue to provide greater value and higher returns to our shareholders.
Sit Kwong Lam 
23 September 2011 
