Chairman’s statement
Dear shareholders,
In 2016, the global economy recovered slowly, and economic
development faced great uncertainty and endured an insufficient growth
momentum. China witnessed a good beginning of “the 13th Five Year
Plan”, with its economy maintaining slow yet stable growth towards a
positive trend of development. However, there were still some obvious
problems existing in the economic operation of China. In the face of such
an extraordinarily complex external environment, the Group persisted
in serving the real economy, proactively supported the supply-side
structural reform, pushed development through transformation, led
innovation through reform, and ensured quality through risk control. As
a result, various businesses of the Group recorded stable and sound
performance.
At the end of 2016, the Group’s total assets exceeded
RMB20 trillion. After absorbing the impact of five consecutive
reductions of interest rates in the previous year and keeping
stable allowances to non-performing loans (NPLs), the
Group recorded a net profit of RMB232,389 million, a yearon-year
increase of 1.53%, realising the goals of stable
operation and quarterly improvements on profit growth. Our
key financial indicators continued to lead the main peers. The
return on average assets and the return on average equity
were 1.18% and 15.44% respectively. Total capital ratio and
common equity tier one ratio of the Group were 14.94% and
12.98% respectively. Cost-to-income ratio was 27.51%,
with earnings per share at RMB0.92. On account of the good
operating results, the Board proposed a final cash dividend of
RMB0.278 per share (including tax).
We persisted in serving the real economy by following national
economic strategies. The Group closely followed up the 
implementation of key national strategies including “the Belt and
Road”, Yangtze River Economic Belt, coordinated development
of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and the internationalisation of
RMB, proactively leveraged on the new growth momentum
of local infrastructure construction, and seized business
opportunities arising from strategic emerging industries, advanced
manufacturing industries and the transformation and upgrade
of traditional industries. The Group supported the development
of real economy through various credit and non-credit financing
channels including loans, wealth management, debt securities,
leasing and trust, with the balance of infrastructure loans
amounting to RMB2.90 trillion. In response to the supply-side
structural reform, we continued to reduce credit to steel, cement,
electrolytic aluminium and other industries with excess capacity,
pioneered to provide market-oriented debt-to-equity swap service
as governed by relevant laws, and granted more loans to small
and micro enterprises as well as agriculture-related areas. We
vigorously supported international capacity cooperation and
“Going Global” strategy of enterprises, and carried forward RMB
businesses in off-shore markets, with the accumulated amount of
RMB clearing in CCB London Branch exceeding RMB12 trillion,
making the UK the largest RMB clearing centre outside Asia.
We comprehensively pushed forward “five transformations”,
maintaining the pre-emptive market advantages. Through
continuous reform in the system and mechanism, innovation
in products and business models, and full use of the latest
scientific and technological achievements, the Group explored
a new path that suited its transformation and development.
In the aspect of integrated operational layout, we have been
pioneering the market. In 2016, we newly added a property and
casualty insurance company and a cost consulting company,
keeping the leading position in terms of the number of nonbanking
and pan-finance licenses among peers. The market
ranking and competitiveness of our subsidiaries saw a prominent
improvement. We completed our global institutional layout
basically, which covered 29 countries and regions, and the growth
rates of total assets and net profit of overseas commercial banks
reaching 16.19% and 3.24% respectively. Strategic synergies
between parent company and subsidiaries have been constantly
deepened. We have increasingly refined our multi-functional
services. We enhanced the ability of customised services based
on platform establishment, and took lead in building financial
ecosystem in key areas including social security, medical and
healthcare, public transportation, culture and education, and
communities. We have made stable and orderly adjustments
in intensive management. We promoted the integration of
operation centres regarding customer services, business
handling, documentary business, and custody operation, and
established business centres directly managed by the head
office for assets management, financial institutional business and
financial market business, thereby facilitating the optimisation
of resources allocation and operational efficiency. The Group’s
intensive use of capital achieved outstanding results, with the
growth rate of risk-weighted assets for on and off-balance sheet
significantly lower than that of businesses. We have recorded
numerous highlights in creating an innovative bank. In 2016,
we launched over 1,900 innovative products, established new
business models including global cash management and smart
scenario applications, and innovated the customer segmentation
and operational methodology. In addition, we launched “Long
Pay” to build new advantages in payments and settlements for
all scenarios. We have continued to release functions relating
to smart banking. The main project of “New Generation” core
banking system was well completed, providing a solid support
for the Group’s transformation and development and business
innovation. The enterprise-level big data platform was built up
initially, with smart marketing and multiple other applications
implemented. Moreover, we released the smart function of “Oneclick
Signing” for major businesses towards individual customers.
We accumulatively placed 43,000 smart teller machines (STMs)
handling over 217 million transactions.
We established a comprehensive network of risk prevention
with quarterly improvement in asset quality. The Group
constantly improved the enterprise-wide system of risk
management over credit and non-credit businesses, the
parent company and subsidiaries, and domestic and
overseas operations, with penetration to the level of
customers and underlying assets. We also ensured full
coverage and management of all entities, staff members,
businesses, processes and all risk types. We promoted the
pilot system of compliance officer and the establishment of
compliance system, and introduced big data and IT system
control approaches, strengthening the comprehensive
defensive line for compliance through our front, middle and
back offices. We established a mechanism under which the
management team joined in the risk management at an earlier
stage to prevent, control and mitigate risks; we leveraged
on big data and our models to enhance risk early-warning
system; we closely tracked and prevented risks arising from
fluctuations in exchange market, bond market, stock market
and commodity market; we proactively adjusted credit
structure, and tightly controlled risk exposures in response to
the trend in industrial upgrades and the supply-side structural
reform; we innovated market-oriented approaches of nonperforming
assets disposal to improve the recovery and
revitalising rates. The asset quality of the Group became
stable and achieved quarterly improvement. The Group’s NPL
ratio was 1.52%, a decrease of 0.06 percentage points from
2015.
We proactively fulfilled corporate social responsibilities. In
2016, we made charitable donations of RMB74.42 million to
various areas including education, medical and healthcare,
poverty alleviation, disaster rescue and environmental
protection. The Group continued to donate to programmes
including sponsorship for high school students, impoverished
mothers of heroes and exemplary workers and “Healthy
Mother Express”, and support CCB Hope Primary Schools
and regions seriously stricken by flood and earthquake. We
conducted targeted poverty alleviation in a solid way. To
practise the philosophy of green development, we increased
green credit extension. We newly established the Consumer
Rights Protection Department so as to integrate such
protection into daily operation and management.
In 2016, we received over 100 awards from various wellknown
organisations both at home and abroad, including the
“Best Bank in China” from Euromoney, the “Best Consumer
Bank” and the “Best Bank for Liquidity Management in AsiaPacific
Region” in 2016 from Global Finance, the “Diamond
Award for RMB Internationalization Service” from Institutional
Investor, the “Best Large-Scale Retail Bank in China”
from The Asian Banker, and the “Most Social Responsible
Financial Institution Award” from China Banking Association.
The Group ranked second in terms of tier-one capital in the
UK magazine The Banker’s “World’s Top 1000 Banks” in
2016 and ranked 22nd in the “World’s Top 500” of the US
magazine Fortune in 2016.
Ms. Chen Yuanling, Mr. Xu Tie, Ms. Margaret Leung Ko May
Yee and Mr. Guo Yanpeng resigned from their posts due
to term arrangement and work change. At the 2015 annual
general meeting, Mr. Zhang Long, Mr. Chung Shui Ming
Timpson, Mr. Wim Kok and Mr. Murray Horn were re-elected
as independent non-executive directors, and Ms. Anita
Fung Yuen Mei and Mr. Carl Walter were newly elected as
independent non-executive directors. On behalf of the Board, I
would like to take this opportunity to express sincere gratitude
to the resigned directors for their contributions to the Group,
and extend our warm welcome to the new members.
The year of 2017 is not only crucial for implementing the
State’s “13th Five Year Plan” and pushing forward various
reforms comprehensively, but also a vital time window for the
Group’s transformation as if in the middle of a chess game.
The Group will focus on the real economy service and supplyside
structural reform with right insight on the macro trend,
constantly consolidate the foundation for further development
and deliver transformation bonus so as to bring good returns
to our shareholders and customers.
Wang Hongzhang
Chairman
29 March 2017