chairman s Statement 
In 2010, the Group proactively studied operating environment at home and abroad, stringently complied with the state s macroeconomic control measures and regulatory requirements, continued to push forward business transformation by expediting business structure adjustments. As a result, it achieved continual growth of operating results, and better-than-expected profitability.
In 2010, the Group realised a net profit of RMB135,031 million, up 26.39% year-on-year. The return on average assets was 1.32%, up 0.08 percentage points over 2009, while the return on average equity was 22.61%, up 1.74 percentage points. The net interest margin was 2.49%, on track for rebound. The Board has recommended a cash dividend of RMB0.2122 per share.
We imposed reasonable controls over credit volume and actively adjusted credit structure in line with the state s macroeconomic control policy. Loans and advances to customers increased by RMB849,355 million over 2009. New loans were mainly extended to prime customers and key projects. We focused on meeting priority customers credit needs, while strictly controlling loan extensions to areas such as industries with excess capacity, government financing vehicles and real estate sector. The increase in personal loans accounted for 33.01% of the increase of total loans, with new personal mortgage loans commanding the largest 
The Group s emerging businesses grew rapidly. The cumulative number of our credit cards issued was 27.95 million, as we outperformed our market peers in terms of the cumulative number of card users, credit card spending amount, and credit quality, all of which are core indicators for the credit card business. The balance of loans extended to small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) totalled RMB1,585,220 million, up 28.6%, much higher than the growth rate of total corporate loans. Our investment banking services expanded quickly, while our short-term commercial paper underwriting, new financial advisory, and merger and acquisition (M&A) and restructuring services dominated the market. Our electronic banking business achieved extraordinary expansion, with the ratio of the number of transactions through electronic banking to that of transactions through branch outlets being 142%, up 67 percentage points over 2009.
Moreover, the Group achieved new progress in transforming into a multi-functional banking operation. Our investment banking business was in a leading position in Mainland China and among Chinese banks in Hong Kong. Our wealth management and private banking activities expanded rapidly, while our acquisition of the insurance company progressed smoothly. We further strengthened our specialised operations in funds, trust and leasing. There were also 18 rural banks in operation or under preparation. This has further reinforced the Group s capability of providing comprehensive financial solutions.
We made solid progress in our internationalisation process. Our strategic cooperation with Bank of America, Temasek, and Banco Santander proved fruitful. We led in introducing global products, technology and experience among domestic competitors. We gradually expanded our global service network by adhering to the strategy of following our customers . As at the end of 2010, we had 12 overseas branches and wholly-owned subsidiaries, with over 60 operating entities.
The Group improved its comprehensive risk management capability, refined risk policies, and adjusted credit structure through the preparation for implementing the New Basel Capital Accord. It focused on strengthening the fundamental management of post-lending, off-balance sheet, overseas business, collaterals and financial statements consolidation, and strengthened industry studies, risk warning and real time monitoring to enhance its credit management capability. The Group fully carried out the development of the three pillars of the New Basel Capital Accord, and was basically ready for the implementation of the New Basel Capital Accord. Asset quality continued to remain stable and sound, with declines in both the balance and ratio of non-performing loans. Our allowances to non-performing loans increased significantly to 221.14%.
The Group proactively fulfilled its corporate social responsibilities. During the year, it launched 22 social programmes, invested RMB95,279,900 in total. It continued to take forward long-term social programmes, including the sponsorship programmes for impoverished high school students and for impoverished mothers of heroes and exemplary workers. It also supported development in areas of public interest, including culture and art, teaching and scientific research, academic exchange and environmental protection. The Group s efforts in public services have gained wide recognition and praise in the community. In 2010, we garnered many awards, including the award for Best in Social Responsibility 2010 from People s Daily Online, and Outstanding Enterprise in the Chinese Enterprise Social Responsibility Roster from Xinhua News Agency.
In 2010, the Group s outstanding results and performance were fully recognised by the market and industry. We were named Best of the Year 2010, China by The Banker, and our ranking in the Fortune Global 500 jumped to 116th, which also makes us first among Chinese banks in Asia with potential for sustainable development. We ranked first among Chinese banks in Forbes Interbrand Best Chinese brand value . All these exciting achievements are hard earned, thanks to the support of our customers and shareholders, and the concerted hard work of the Board, the management, the board of supervisors and all our staff. To these people, I would like to express my sincere gratitude.
Looking ahead, the Group faces numerous opportunities and challenges in our operations and development in 2011, the first year of China s 12th Five-Year Plan. The Group will accelerate the transformation of our business development mode and uphold our proactive and prudent operating strategy, with greater emphasis on risk management. While continuing to leverage on our traditional advantages in infrastructure finance, residential mortgage finance and project cost advisory services, we will strive to develop new vantage points for small business, agriculture, rural areas and farmers , consumer finance and high-end customer services. We will steadily push forward the integration and internationalisation of financial services with the ultimate goal of becoming a world class bank.

