Chairman s Statement 
In 2008, we overcame enormous diffi culties brought by the global fi nancial crisis and severe domestic natural disasters through massive fruitful work, and achieved 
results, continuing to outperform our peers in terms of overall 
and value creation 
The Bank kept a close eye on the development of economy, timely adjusted its operating strategies, and continued to optimise its credit structure. It pushed forward fundamental reforms in the business processes in line with its customer-focused philosophy. With improved personal banking services and customer satisfaction, it succeeded in becoming a fi rst class retail bank in China. The Bank set up specialised units for new types of businesses such as small enterprise business, cash management, investment banking and fi nancial leasing on a gradual basis, and spurred wholesale banking to be more comprehensive, differentiated and sophisticated. Internal controls were further tightened with improved risk management and internal audit systems. We also strengthened business and technical cooperation with our strategic partners, and made remarkable achievements in many aspects.
The Bank continued to take strategic transformation as the key to improving its core competitiveness, and further strengthened its advantage businesses. The Bank maintained a leading position in loans to infrastructure investment projects, and dominated the domestic market in residential mortgage loans; the spending amount through credit card and income from credit card business both doubled, and the quality of credit card loans remained good; the growth rate of net fee and commission income led in domestic large banks for the third consecutive year with a rising proportion of net fee and commission income in operating income. Comprehensive operations made substantial progress; overseas presence continued to expand, and our New York Branch and subsidiary bank in London will soon open with newly awarded licences.
Our profi tability and key fi nancial indicators led in the global banking industry. In 2008, the Group recorded a net profi t of RMB92,642 million, representing an increase of 33.99% over the previous year. Return on average assets was 1.31%, and return on average equity was 20.68%, with an increase of 0.16 and 1.18 percentage points respectively over last year. Earnings per share for the year were RMB0.40. Asset quality improved steadily as evidenced by declining non-performing loans in both percentage and amount. Following the declaration of an interim dividend in October 2008, our board of directors has recommended a fi nal cash dividend of RMB0.0837 per share.
Albeit the Bank s sound operating results in 2008, in order to take the lead to cut down on the expenses, the chairman, president, chairman of the board of supervisors and other senior executives of the Bank all agree not to increase their bonuses, and reduce their emoluments by around 10% compared to 2007 on a voluntary basis, in consideration of the declining income level of many customers and employees as a result of the current severe economic and fi nancial situation at home and abroad.
The Bank s outstanding performance was fully recognised by the market and the fi nancial industry. It ranked 2nd in terms of both market capitalisation and net profi t among banks worldwide, and 20th in Financial Times s Global 500. Its ranking in Fortune s Global 500 leaped to 171st from 230th in 2007. The Bank also received Best Bank for Corporate Lending and Best Bank for Mortgage Lending awards from Global Finance.
We are fully committed to fulfi l our social responsibilities. In the wake of the snowstorms and the devastating Wenchuan earthquake, the Bank quickly created green channels to provide prompt fi nancial services and fund support for disaster relief and post-disaster reconstruction efforts. In 2008, we donated over RMB200 million for public welfare purposes, of which RMB149 million was contributed by our staff. The Bank was presented China Charity Awards 2008 Domestic Enterprise with Greatest Social Cares by the Ministry of Civil Affairs of China and the Best Social Responsibility Enterprise Award by the China Women s Development Foundation.
The Bank s achievements in 2008 relied on the support of all our customers and shareholders, and the hard work of the Board, the board of supervisors, the management and all our staff. I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all of you.
Looking ahead to 2009, the global fi nancial crisis has yet to reach its bottom, and domestic economic growth will slow down, imposing certain pressure on the Bank s profi tability and asset quality. Nevertheless, given the timely adjustments of macroeconomic policies by the Chinese government, the domestic economy will continue to grow steadily in 2009. We have full confi dence in meeting our targets for the coming year, as we have leading advantages in infrastructure lending, housing fi nance and small and medium-sized enterprise fi nance in PRC market, as well as remarkable capabilities in terms of risk management and non-performing assets disposals. We will thoroughly analyse economic conditions lying ahead, stick to proactive and steady operational strategies by leveraging our advantage businesses as well as innovating in new services, and work hard in order to deliver better operating performance.

