Chairman s Statement 
2007 marked a year of success in the Bank s trail of operation, which witnessed another record high profi t, strengthened competitiveness, and heightened infl uence.
Our board keeps a close eye on domestic and overseas economies in order to formulate new development strategies. Based on the principle of cultivating and enhancing sustainable value creation , the Board has laid out clear guidelines for positioning business scope and targeting customers and areas for expansion, thereby paving the way for effective management, and fi ne-tuning resource planning and business realignment.
In 2007, we strengthened our customer-focused corporate culture by expediting business process reengineering and pushing ahead the construction of our branch network, thereby signifi cantly enhancing customer satisfaction. We continued to reinforce our internal control and infrastructure building. Risk management and internal audit systems continued to improve, enhancing our capability to balance risk and return. Strategic cooperation was promoted in all areas, and steady advancements were seen on this front. We successfully completed our initial public offering of A-shares, which provided us with a new capital platform and enabled domestic and overseas investors to share the results of our development.
The strategic transformation of the Bank saw remarkable results and all of our business segments gained development momentum. The fast development in personal loans, credit cards, personal wealth management and agency fund sales businesses prompted the substantial increase in contribution from our retail business. We maintained leading positions in our established businesses such as infrastructure loans and achieved remarkable growth in loans to small-sized enterprises. The proportion of fee and commission income grew signifi cantly.
Our fi nancial market and international businesses grew steadily, and progress was made in our comprehensive 
Our overall profi tability has reached a leading level among our peers. In 2007, the Group recorded a net profi t of RMB69,142 million, an increase of 49.27% over the previous year. The return on average assets and the return on average equity were 1.15% and 19.50%, respectively, representing a respective increase of 0.23 and 4.50 percentage points over 2006, while earnings per share were RMB0.30. Asset quality has steadily improved, while the ratio and total amounts of non-performing loans have decreased. Following the declaration of an interim dividend and a special dividend in August 2007, our board of directors has recommended a fi nal cash dividend of RMB0.065 per 
Our outstanding performance was fully recognised by the market and the industry. We ranked 14th in The Banker Magazine s Top 1000 World Banks, 69th in the Forbes Global 2000 largest public companies, and 35th in the Financial Times Global 500. We were named the Best Bank in China 2007 by the Global Finance Magazine, Outstanding China Banking Corporation by Capital Magazine in Hong Kong, and the Best Domestic Bank in China by The Asset Magazine in Hong Kong, and won Asia Risk Magazine s Best Financial Risk Management of 
While achieving brilliant operating results, the Bank is also committed to fulfi lling its social responsibilities as a good corporate citizen. In 2007, the Bank contributed US$2 million and acted as the games partner and offi cial bank with Bank of America to sponsor and provide fi nancial services for the 2007 Special Olympics World Summer Games.
Moreover, the Bank donated RMB120 million to launch in cooperation with the China Education Development Fund the Subsidy Programme for Impoverished High School Students, and donated RMB50 million to initiate the Subsidy Programme for Impoverished Mothers of Heroes & Exemplary Workers in China with the China Women Development Foundation. In 2007, the Bank was presented the title Charitable Organisation for Poverty Alleviation in China by the China Foundation for Poverty Alleviation, the Corporate Social Responsibility Contributions Award by Xinhua Net, and the Corporate Social Responsibility Award by The Chamber of Hong Kong Listed Companies and the Faculty of Business Administration of the Baptist University of Hong Kong. We were also recognised as the Most Responsible Corporate Citizen by the Red Cross Society of China for two consecutive times.
The Bank s achievements in 2007 relied on the support and trust of all our customers and shareholders and incorporated the wisdom and hard work of the Board, the board of supervisors, the management and all our staff.
To these people, I would like to express my sincere gratitude. The Bank will take on the mission of providing better services to our customers, creating more value for our shareholders, building a broader career development platform for our employees, and shouldering full corporate social responsibility for the society, all the while striding towards our strategic vision of always standing in the forefront of China s economic modernisation, and becoming a world class 
