Chairman s Statement 
In FY2016, the pace of economic recovery continued to slow down.
Generally speaking, the economy of China operated steadily but was still challenged with downward pressure. The international oil prices remained at low levels with weak demand and severe competitions existed in oil and gas market. In FY2016, the domestic market demand for refined products was relatively stable and the supply continued to be excessive, with a loose supply and demand balance and a significant increase in the exportation of refined products.
While the domestic demand for natural gas kept increasing relatively fast in general despite a significant seasonal variance. The domestic output of natural gas increased steadily but in a slower pace than the import of natural gas.

Facing the tangled and complicated situation of economic development in domestic and International market, the Group seized opportunities in the low oil price environment, tight controlled over operating costs from upstream business, and adopted a twin-engine model which brings synergy effect of upstream and downstream businesses, ensuring the steady development of our overall business and generating a satisfactory return in FY2016.
The stable development of the Group is attributable firstly to the smooth operation of the Group s upstream production. The daily productions of the Tuzi and the Dina 1 Gas Fields have been stabilized at 3.05 million cubic meters in FY2016 and the daily production of the Contract Areas 0436 and 0536 in Caofeidian remained at a steady level of 35,000 barrels after resumption of production on 20 August 2014. The Group and its partners are currently finalizing a new ODAP for the new oil assets. It is expected that with the new ODAP offshore oil production, the Group will commence a new phase of development.
Facing severe pressure from the low global oil prices, the crude trading team continued to work with Chinese oil majors to develop long-term supply contracts. The international trading and bunkering business of the Group developed steadily, with sales volume increase of 26% over last year. From the perspective of marine bunkering, the Group expanded its business to meet market demand in Singapore by purchasing five bunker barges, among which three 7,000 DWT barges were awarded the certification of Mass Flow Meter ( MFM ) by Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore ( MPA ). This achievement is widely recognized by world class ship owners as it would enhance bunkering efficiency and significantly reduced complaints and disputes arising from quantity differential.

Dr. Sit Kwong Lam 
The stable development of the marine bunkering business is attributable to the Group s marine bunkering e-commerce Platform.
Benefited from the synergy effects by combining online and offline business through the Internet, our customers can enjoy instant, convenient, efficient and transparent oil consumption experience, at the same time tremendous value and business opportunities would be brought to the Group and customers with its accumulated big data.
Brightoil s shipping division delivered another strong financial performance in FY 2016. Our fleet s net profit grew by an impressive 150% to HK$530 million in FY2016. After acquisition of another 2 new bunker barges from China, our fleet has been expanded to 14 ships, and this expansion further strengthened both our economy of scale and operational flexibility.
In addition, the construction of Zhoushan oil storage facilities are mostly completed. As the storage leasing arrangements progress smoothly, the Group has signed agreements of intent with several international commercial customers. A new form of Internet+ which evolves from the Group s concrete industrial chain Brightoil Online has been well received by the market since its launch in January 2016, with rapid growth in the number of registered user and turnover.
Looking forward, facing the complicated and severe global and industrial situations as well as all kinds of challenges, the Group will continue to adhere to its business philosophy that organically combines risk control and profit maximization , and further capitalize on its advantage of fully integrated industrial chain operation, in order to realize the joint development of online and 
Firstly, through the operation in the past half year, Brightoil Online platform has established a favorable customer base in the market. Multiple products launched have been well recognized by the market. We will continue to leverage on the advantaged online storage, offline refueling model as well as the Group s core competitiveness of offline operations, to complete the acquisition of third-party payment license, and to integrate banking, insurance and other services. Through enhanced product experience and marketing promotion, Brightoil Online will be able to provide more diversified consumption solutions to consumers, as well as more convenient and cost effective oil products and services to car owners, so as to realize explosive growth, bringing the Group impressive financial and social benefit.
Secondly, the Phase 1 storage facilities of the Zhoushan project is expected to be completed and become operational in the first half of 2017, which carries a total capacity of 1.94 million cubic meters. The Group will further confirm the official cooperation with the interested customers, ensuring both storage utilization and economic efficiency. Besides, the capacities of 1.22 million cubic meters from Phase 2 of the Zhoushan project will also be completed at the end of 2017, which indicates an overall harvest stage of the Group s oil storage business. This not only brings impressive financial benefit to the Group, but also strongly drives the development of the Group s integrated business model, bringing synergy effects and strengthening overall competitiveness.
Thirdly, with development at the Tuzi Deep Gas Field and the implementation of new ODAP for the Caofeidian project, the reserves as well as production of oil and gas are expected to grow multiple folds.
Fourthly, the Group will seize the opportunity in the low oil price environment, actively participate in the merger and acquisition of the international oil and gas projects, in order to achieve leapfrog development and globalization of the Group s upstream 
To sum up, in FY2017, the Group will enter a stage of comprehensive development for all business segments, where both operating scale and performance will be substantially enhanced, generating greater value and return for investors and shareholders.
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our investors and the society at large, for your kind support to the Group.
Sit Kwong Lam 
26 September 2016 