Chairman s Statement 
The global economy in 2012 continued to suffer from the aftermath of the sovereign debt crisis and maritime industry in particular remained mired in recession. The unstable world politics and economy as well as volatile oil market casted unfavorable effects on the Group, making a dent in the overall profitability. However, with the concerted effort of all staff over the past year, the development of our four core business segments gained continually steadfast progress, and the overall operation revenue remained strong with growth. On behalf of the Board of directors, I would like to take this opportunity to thank every member of staff and the company s management for their contributions over the last year. I would also like to thank all parties in the community, including our shareholders and business partners, for their contributions, trust and support over the past year.
The global shipping industry went through a particularly challenging period, with an oversupply of ships leading to weak demand for bunker, shrinking tonnages, depressed freight rates and diminished margins for bunker and shipping as a result of the ongoing recession. The sharp rise in oil prices was also a contributing factor that led ship-owners to scale back on consumption of bunker fuels. Despite every effort has been made to expand the business so as to further boost the sales for the year, the Group s overall profitability declined due to the escalating costs. To this end, the Group has recently completed a global cost review and will implement some initiatives to further reduce costs in the second half of 2012. Proposals include the consolidation of our regional sales offices to generate economies of scale and to achieve costs savings, and the optimisation of storage facilities in the US and possibly in Singapore. At the same time, on the basis of optimizing our global fuel oil and gas oil trading, as well as our bunker portfolio, a team for crude oil trading will be formed so as to develop the crude oil business, expand our business scope and enhance the overall profitability, firmly securing our advantaged position in oil and product supply and the provision of storage services with an aim to provide services to meet the growing energy demands in China and even Asia.
Although the shipping industry went through another tough year, our first Very Large Crude Carrier (VLCC), Brightoil Glory , was delivered in July 2012, and the second crude carrier, Brightoil Gravity , was delivered in September 2012. Construction of the remaining three VLCCs is progressing according to schedule, and will be delivered and operated respectively in the first half of 2013, the Group will therefore boast a sizable marine fleet with a total capacity that exceeds 2.0 million DWT. We are constantly on the lookout for fuel efficient and well maintained vessels within the VLCC, Aframax, MR and LNG segments built by reputable 
While many industries have been affected by the economic uncertainty, the oil and gas industry remains resilient and is poised to grow. The year 2012 marks a momentous milestone for our upstream business. The Dina 1 Gas Field, which was acquired and commenced production in January 2012, recorded satisfactory natural gas and condensate output at the Dina 1-2 well in July 2012.
This accumulated amount establishes a solid foundation for our oil and gas development and production business while efforts had been made in pushing forward approval of the Overall Development Plan ( ODP ) for the Tuzi Gas Field. Looking ahead, we will maintain our growth strategy by remaining proactive in exploring upstream business projects and various investment opportunities around the world. Securing new endeavours in this arena allows us to further broaden our operations.

In the area of Oil Storage and Terminal Facilities, the Zhoushan and Dalian projects are under construction and are expected to start operations in phases. Commercialisation of the assets has already commenced and the response from the international supply and trading community has been positive. We believe that the continued development and reform of China s oil market will make these assets primary centres for oil trading within the next three to five years. We will continue to look for overseas projects, with a primary focus on the major trading and marine bunker regions where investments offer reasonable returns and meet the Group s 
In light of the necessary action to remain profitable amid a prolonged period of slower growth, the Group s focus going forward will take the right approach to risk management. We will continue to put more effort into developing the existing four core business segments and target to become a world-renowned energy enterprise that comprises a fully integrated mid to downstream marine bunkering and oil trading businesses, and continue to intensify the investment in the high value upstream business so as to continue providing greater value and higher returns to our shareholders and investors.
Sit Kwong Lam 
