CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
In 2014, facing the complex and volatile operating environment, the Group persisted in serving the real economy, focused on deepening reform, accelerated business transformation and development and strengthened risk management by treating integration, multifunction and intensiveness as its strategic guideline, which achieved the coordinated development of the business scale, quality and profitability. The Group maintained a stable market position and its core indicators and market capitalisation continued to be in the leading position among peers.
At the end of 2014, the Group s total assets reached RMB16.74 trillion. Net profit amounted to RMB228,247 million. The return on average assets and the return on average equity were 1.42% and 19.74% respectively. Total capital ratio and common equity tier one ratio were 14.87% and 12.12% respectively. On account of the favourable operating results, the Board of the Bank has recommended a final cash dividend of RMB0.301 per share.
We focused on deepening reform and accelerated the pace of strategic transformation. By closely integrating new situations, new requirements and new trends in the process of reform and development in the banking industry, the Group studied and teased out ideas of deepening reform and transformation and development, implemented the intensive reform of organisation at the head office and promoted market-oriented reform for certain subsidiaries. The Group formulated Transformation and Development Plan of China Construction Bank in 2014, which proposed to accelerate transformation towards a comprehensive banking group, multi-functional service, intensive development, an innovative bank and a smart bank. In accordance with the requirements of enhancing capability to serve national development, to prevent financial risks and to participate in international competition, the Group specified seven key points of transformation, including promoting operation and management of assets and liabilities on a consolidated basis, consolidating and developing wholesale business, accelerating the development of retail business, improving the quality of electronic banking business, enhancing asset management business for customers in an all-round way, strengthening the competitiveness of subsidiaries and accelerating the expansion of international business and overseas operations. By deepening reform of system and mechanism, strengthening risk management and control, enhancing IT support and big data usage capacity, the Group strove to build the best value creation bank. Currently, through comprehensive transformation in aspects including management philosophy, business strategy, asset allocation, assessment mechanism and organisational structure, all the operation and management units and branches and sub-branches of the Group are refining the transformation plan to coordinate the annual business plans and tasks, to promote development against the backdrop of the economic new normal .
We supported the development of real economy and continued to promote credit structural adjustment. The Group rationally allocated resources, and focused on supporting the key areas and weak links of the national welfare and people s livelihood.
The Group leveraged on traditional advantages. The infrastructure loans increased by RMB271,482 million last year, which accounted for 75.25% of the increase in corporate loans, and were mainly invested in projects under construction or expansion, key national projects, urbanisation and new countryside construction. The Group maintained a leading edge in entrusted housing finance. The balance of residential mortgages was RMB2.25 trillion, ranking first among peers in terms of both the balance and the increase, and the market share of entrusted housing finance exceeded 50%. The Group actively expanded financial services to small and micro enterprises by vigorously promoting new business models such as Credit Cooperation Loan and big-data-based products exclusively designed for small and micro enterprises such as Shanrong Loan and Settlement Overdraft , to improve the service quality for small and micro enterprises. The Group explored new models of rural financial services, continuously increased the number of outlets in county regions, strengthened cross- industry cooperation with agriculture-related enterprises and institutions like the supply and marketing cooperatives, and promoted mobile banking, ATMs and point-of-sale (POS) services to expand service channels. It also strictly controlled the loans to industries with excess capacity and areas with regulatory restrictive policies. Loans to the five industries with severe overcapacity, including iron and steel, cement, electrolytic aluminium, plate glass, as well as shipbuilding sector decreased by RMB4,986 million compared to last year, and loans to local government financing vehicles fell by RMB28,638 million over the previous year, contributing to the further optimisation of customer mix.
We basically formed an integrated operation framework with multi-functional service capability significantly improved.
Integrated operation platform construction achieved new breakthroughs with the official opening of CCB Futures. The pension business and policy housing made great progress with the approvals from government. The Group satisfied the financing needs of customers totalling RMB1.04 trillion through integrated services in asset management, investment banking and of subsidiaries. The accumulated number of credit cards issued reached 65 million. Core indicators including the number of increase in card issuance and new merchants, as well as the number of consumer transactions continued to lead the market.
The Group ranked first among peers in terms of underwriting volume and income of debt securities for four consecutive years.
The assets under custody increased by 38.06%, and the increase in the number of and the units of initial offering of securities investments funds under custody, and pension products of enterprise annuity under custody were in a leading position in the market. The proportion of the number of accounting transactions through electronic banking and self-service channels to the total number of accounting transactions through various channels rose to 88.03%. The number of personal online banking customers and mobile banking customers reached 179 million and 147 million respectively.
We made major breakthroughs in the expansion of overseas network and rapid progress in international business. Macau Branch, New Zealand subsidiary bank, Toronto Branch and Brisbane Branch were officially opened; institutions in London, Paris, Amsterdam, Barcelona and Cape Town were granted domestic and foreign regulatory approvals; the purchase of 72% of the total share capital of BIC in Brazil was accomplished; and active efforts were made for the establishment of institutions in Chile, Zurich and Milan. The Bank was designated as the RMB clearing bank in London, conducive to the optimisation of the offshore RMB centralised clearing system, with its direct service range covering 17 countries and regions across three continents. The Group successfully issued RMB bonds in offshore markets including Hong Kong, Frankfurt, Sydney, Switzerland and Taiwan, and received good market responses. The Group propelled the Going Global strategy of Chinese enterprises, set up professional institutions or teams in the free trade zones, One Belt and One Road and coastal open areas, and enhanced domestic and overseas collaborative services.
We reinforced business foundation with enhanced operating capability and development potential. Customer base was further consolidated. In 2014, the number of the effective corporate and institutional customers and corporate RMB settlement accounts increased by 110 thousand and 680 thousand respectively; the number of the effective personal customers rose by 11.88 million. With further implementation of three integrations at outlets, the number of integrated outlets totalled 13,700, the proportion of integrated tellers reached 80%, and the number of integrated marketing teams amounted to 17,500, gradually transforming outlets into platforms for customer marketing, customer experiencing and product exhibition. With the deepening of separation between the bank counters and back offices for over-the-counter businesses at outlets, the Group achieved centralised processing at the head office of 30 categories of over-the-counter real-time businesses for over 14,500 outlets, raising business handling efficiency by 60%. The Group made great progress in cross-selling and business collaboration among the head office and branches, the Bank and its subsidiaries, domestic and overseas entities, as well as among branches. The Group s advantage of being comprehensive and multi-functional became more prominent.
We consolidated risk management while firmly holding the risk bottom line. According to the requirements of the New Basel Capital Accord, the Group implemented comprehensive risk management to cover all domestic and overseas branches and subsidiaries, and optimised comprehensive risk prevention and control accountability system. The Group launched the activity of Year of Credit Risk Prevention and Control by improving the fundamental management of the entire credit process, setting up centralised loan granting centres, and strengthening the pre-lending due diligence work and the standardised post-lending management. It implemented stringent management and control on assets quality, strengthened specialised screening of high risk areas, prevented risks from earlier stages and enhanced the disposal of major risk projects and NPLs, so as to achieve the goal of asset quality control. The Group took into full consideration the changes in the macroeconomic situation, made prudent and sufficient allowances for impairment losses on loans, and maintained a sound risk compensation status. At the end of 2014, the Group s NPL ratio was 1.19%, the ratio of allowances for impairment losses to NPLs was 222.33%, and the ratio of allowances for impairment losses to the total loans was 2.66%.
We proactively fulfilled the corporate social responsibilities. The Group continued to participate in long-term public welfare programmes, such as the construction of the CCB Hope Primary Schools, CCB Scholarships and Grants for College Students from Ethnic Minorities Programme and Sponsorship Programme for Impoverished Mothers of Heroes & Exemplary Workers , accumulatively donating a total of RMB260 million. The Group donated to Healthy Mother Express again this year, which provided maternal health care and other medical services to local women in the poor counties and towns of Xinjiang, Tibet, and Inner Mongolia. It continued the programme of Credit Card Points Help Fulfill Dreams, Micro Public Welfare to innovatively explore a new way of making charity donations with credit card points. The Group launched special programmes for consumer rights and interests protection, making it an underlying goal for all business sectors and procedures within the Bank. The Group actively promoted inclusive finance and green credit, and continued to increase credit support for green environmental protection, energy saving and emission reduction. In 2014, the Group became the official representative of Business Advisory Council of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC), attended and hosted a series of activities of APEC in Beijing, voiced opinions of Chinese enterprises on the APEC platform, extensively communicated with representatives from various economies and business communities, and made active efforts in building a free and convenient trade and investment environment and promoting financial collaborations in the Asia-Pacific region.
In 2014, the Group s good performance gained wide recognition from the market and community. We received more than 100 accolades from renowned organisations both at home and abroad, including the second place in the Top 1000 World Banks published by The Banker in terms of total tier-one capital; the 29th place in Global 500 and the third place in Emerging 500 published by Financial Times ; the second place in Global 2000 published by Forbes ; and the 38th place in Fortune Global 500 published by Fortune . In addition, the Group won numerous awards from major domestic and foreign media for its achievements in fields including corporate governance, corporate social responsibilities, risk management, corporate credit, retail business, investment custodial business, underwriting of debt securities, credit card, housing finance and information 
The year of 2014 witnessed the historical moment of the 60th anniversary of China Construction Bank. For the past 60 years, focusing on serving national economic development, with development as the keynote and reform as the momentum, we were bold enough to take the initiative and make continuous innovation to constantly improve market competitiveness and financial service quality. Since the founding in 1954, capitalising on infrastructure construction as our expertise, we made historical contribution to the nation s infrastructure construction and the foundation-laying for modern industrialisation.
We actively explored new areas of commercial banking including infrastructure construction financing, deposit business, international business, credit card, housing finance and other businesses since the reform and opening up in 1979. In 1994, through commercialisation, concentrated operation and comprehensive development, we became the pacesetter in reform and innovation for domestic banks. In 2003, after restructuring and reform, we set up modern financial enterprise system and became the first joint-stock bank and was the first to be listed both domestically and abroad among the four state-owned banks, achieving a qualitative leap in market competitiveness, capital strength, profitability, operating and management mechanisms and internal risk control, and becoming a large global joint-stock bank. In recent years, we rapidly developed emerging businesses of strategic importance such as investment banking, private banking, electronic banking, small and micro enterprises and consumer finance, and strove to build a comprehensive platform for services in insurance, fund, trust, leasing, investment banking and futures, so as to continuously enhance the level of integration, multifunction, and intensiveness of operation and management.
Looking ahead, we will proactively adapt to the new normal, comprehensively promote the implementation of transformation and development plan, and continuously deepen the reform, to constantly improve the integrated operation and multi- functional service ability. We are striving to reward the shareholders, customers and the community for their trust and support with good business performance.

