CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
in 2011, facing the complex and fast-changing economic environment, the Group stringently complied with the government s macroeconomic control measures and regulatory requirements by continuing to promote structural adjustments and business transformation. risk management and internal control were strengthened, and various businesses maintained a stable and rapid growth. Business results were excellent. With stable performance in the capital market, our comprehensive competitiveness and brand value rose substantially.
in 2011, the Group s total assets exceeded rMB12 trillion, while net profit for the year rose to rMB169,439 million, up 25.48% year-on-year.
the return on average assets and the return on average equity were 1.47% and 22.51% respectively. the net interest margin was 2.70% while the cost-to-income ratio was 36.19%. our key financial indicators continued to lead the market. the Board has recommended a final cash dividend of rMB0.2365 per share.
We continued to improve credit structure with more stable credit grants. in 2011, facing the complex and fast-changing external operating environment, the Group maintained its proactive and prudent operational philosophy, imposed reasonable controls over credit amount, and further improved its credit structure. at the end of 2011, loans and advances to customers increased by rMB827,283 million over 2010 to rMB6,496,411 million. the total increase in loans, pace of lending and lending direction were in compliance with regulatory requirements.
We continued to consolidate our traditional competitive advantages. infrastructure loans were mainly granted to support ongoing or continued projects, and increased by rMB194,362 million, accounting for 41.42% of the increase in corporate loans. We continued to maintain the leading position in terms of loan balance and increase of residential mortgage loans, with best asset quality in the market. loan grants to key livelihood sectors such as small and micro enterprises, agriculture-related and indemnificatory housing construction, increased rapidly. in areas including government financing vehicles, real estate and industries with excess capacity, loan balances continued to either decrease or maintain a slower 
We continued to improve our income structure, with rapid development of strategic emerging businesses. net fee and commission income for the year rose to rMB86,994 million, an increase of 31.55% over 2010. net fee and commission income accounted for 21.78% of total operating income, representing an increase of 1.48 percentage points over the previous year. the cumulative number of our credit cards issued was 32.25 million, and we outperformed our peers in terms of multiple core business indicators, including the number of customers, credit card spending amount, and asset quality. the scale of our investment banking services continued to expand, with the underwriting of short-term commercial papers, private placement bonds and other businesses achieving first position in the market. in addition, we led the market in terms of wealth management income and profit margin. the wealth management and private banking business developed rapidly. lastly, our electronic banking business achieved extraordinary expansion, with a number of indicators leading in the market, such as the total number of customers of online banking, mobile phone banking and sMs banking and the usage of products. the ratio of the number of transactions through electronic banking to that through front desk was 206.72%, up 65 percentage points over 2010.
We maintained steady progress in integrated operations, working toward the direction of becoming a multi-functional bank. in 2011, the total assets of our overseas entities reached rMB443,188 million, with decreases in both npl and npl ratio. our taipei and Moscow representative offices were opened in succession, while the work related to applications to open a branch in toronto and subsidiary banks in Dubai and Brazil, and to upgrade Moscow and taipei representative offices, progressed smoothly. CCB life was also officially set up, becoming the pilot foray of domestic banks entering the insurance industry. our subsidiaries, including investment bank, fund, trust, financial leasing and housing savings, all maintained stable growth, further reinforcing the Group s capability to provide comprehensive financial solutions to our customers.
We continued to tighten our risk controls and asset quality remained good. in 2011, the Group comprehensively promoted implementation of the new Basel accord, and deepened the practical application of the related work results. it strengthened comprehensive risk management, including risk management of off-balance sheet items, overseas business, wealth management business and consolidation. at the end of 2011, the npl ratio was 1.09%, a decrease of 0.05 percentage points from the previous year. the ratio of allowances for impairment losses to non- performing loans and that of allowances for impairment losses to gross loans were 241.44% and 2.64% respectively, higher than regulatory 
the Group continued to promote public welfare, and proactively fulfil its corporate social responsibilities. in 2011, the Group continued to promote long-term public welfare projects such as programme for impoverished high school students , sponsorship programme for impoverished Mothers of heroes & exemplary Workers , CCB scholarships and Grants for College students from ethnic Minorities and CCB hope primary schools. in addition, we proactively explored innovative online channels to promote public welfare projects, and actively supported projects such as education, medical and health care, policy research, disaster relief work and environmental protection. in 2011, the Group won numerous honours for its social responsibility efforts including Best Corporate social responsibility institution award from China Banking association, Most responsible Corporate Citizen award from China newsweek , the people s social responsibility award from people.com.cn, and Best Corporate social responsibility award from the Chinese Banker magazine. in addition, in the China Corporate social responsibility ranking published by Fortune China , the Bank ranked first in the banking sector.
in 2011, the Group delivered a satisfactory report card to our investors with outstanding results and stable capital market performance, and won wide recognition from the market and community. We received accolades from over 50 domestic and foreign professional bodies, enhancing our international image and brand value. all these hard-earned achievements are attributable to the support of our customers, shareholders and the wide business community, and the concerted hard work of all our staff. to these people, i would like to express my sincere gratitude.
looking ahead, the domestic and international economic and financial situation seems more complex with growing uncertainty in 2012, and market competition tends to be more intensive. the Group will adhere to our customer-focused and market-oriented policies, and proactively expand our customer base. We will focus on large industries, large systems, large cities and high net worth customers, while trying to attract more small and medium enterprises and ordinary customers. While we will continue to leverage on our traditional advantages in infrastructure finance, cost advisory services and residential mortgage finance, we will also proactively develop our emerging businesses such as retail business, small and micro enterprise business, electronic banking, consumer finance and pension business. Further efforts will be made in strengthening our infrastructure such as distribution channels, marketing and it. Bearing in mind the requirements for a comprehensive and multi- functional bank that develops in an intensive manner, we will work hard towards the goal of becoming a modern bank that is best domestically, and excellent internationally , and owns global influence and competitiveness.

