Chairman s Statement 
First of all, on behalf of the board of directors, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders, customers, business partners and the community for their continuous 
I am pleased to announce that Brightoil delivered excellent annual results for the year of 2010. The Group s total revenue soared 150% year-on-year to HK$13.63 billion for the year ended 30 June 2010. Profit attributable to shareholders surged 334% to HK$1.14 billion. Basic earnings per share hiked 265% to HK19 cents, while diluted earnings per share increased from HK5.2 cents recorded during the same period last year to HK15.6 cents. A final dividend of HK3 cents per share was 
Over the past year, under the joint efforts of our management team and all staff, Brightoil has made significant achievements in expanding four core businesses, including marine bunkering, oil storage and terminal facilities, marine transportation, oil and gas exploration and production. We actively expanded our marine bunkering service network from China to the whole world, with our service network covering Shenzhen, Shanghai, Ningbo, Zhoushan, Hong Kong, Singapore and Antwerp- Rotterdam-Amsterdam (ARA region) in Europe, in order to drive the rapid growth of business and deliver significant returns for our shareholders. We have rapidly evolved as one of the largest marine bunkering operators in China and are striving to become one of the largest global marine bunkering operators.
We commenced the construction of large scale oil storage base in Zhoushan and Dalian. These two projects are expected to come on stream in phases and commence operation in the next two to three years and will by then become one of the largest oil storage bases in the world. This will not only enable us to extend our geographical distribution and business coverage along the coastal areas in China, thus providing strong logistics support to our marine bunkering operation, but will also generate steady and considerable revenue of oil storage to us and create greater synergies of our operations.
During the year, the Group expanded its vessel fleet by taking advantage of the substantial downturn of oil tankers prices, whereby cost efficiency of oil procurement was further enhanced and the supply chain of our marine bunkering operation was further improved. We took delivery of two 100,000 DWT ocean-going oil tankers in January and April this year respectively. In this August, we also announced our plan to acquire two other 100,000 DWT ocean-going oil tankers as well as to build five VLCCs each weighted 318,000 DWT. Once such oil tankers are delivered, we will possess 9 large ocean-going oil tankers with a total oil products carrying capacity of over 2 million tonnes and become one of the largest professional oil marine transportation companies in China. The vessel fleet will not only support our rapid growth in the global marine bunkering business and expand our oil marine transportation operation but will also enable us, as a Chinese enterprise, to contribute to the strategy of Self-Transportation of National Oil .

At the same time, we stepped up our efforts in venturing into upstream business. The natural gas project jointly developed by us and China National Petroleum Corporation ( CNPC ) had also achieved impressing progress. The Overall Development Plan for the project is expected to be completed by the end of this year, while the production of natural gas is expected to start in the second half of next year. Given the fact that China is actively implementing the reform of natural gas pricing mechanism, it is believed that there is still great room for the domestic natural gas price to increase, and it is expected that such development will help drive our profit growth in the future.
Looking forward, the Group will put more efforts in developing the existing four core business segments. According to the New 36 Guidelines on Encouraging and Guiding the Healthy Development of Private Investment promulgated by the State Council of the PRC in May this year, private enterprises were encouraged to participate in oil and natural gas sectors and this bring opportunities to the energy industry which has huge development potential. Brightoil will actively pursue these business opportunities, so as to differentiate us among the global oil and energy conglomerates in the near future by expanding our upstream and downstream business and further integrating the energy business chain. We will continue to dedicate our efforts in this aspect and create greater values and better returns for our shareholders and investors.
Finally, I, on behalf of the Board, hereby express my cordial gratitude to the management and all staff of the Group, and to all parties in the community including our shareholders, investors, customers and business partners for their concerns, trust and support given to Brightoil.
Sit Kwong Lam 
28 September 2010 
