Chairman s Statement 
Sit Kwong Lam 
In the past year, the global economic recovery remained subdued in the aftermath of global financial crisis. The world s economies faced different challenges and China s economy gradually slowed down after years of high growth. Brightoil continued to adhere to our firm belief despite such complex economic environment both domestically and internationally.
Even though our financial performance was severely impacted in the first half of the 2013 financial year, we adjusted our business strategies and risk control measures according to different markets and business environments and managed to achieve significant improvement in operating results in the 
Our Dina 1 Gas Field in Xinjiang has been generating remarkable cash inflow to the Group, while our Tuzi Gas Field (also located in Xinjiang) Overall Development Plan (ODP) has been approved by National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) and is expected to be officially commissioned shortly. The development of the two gas fields will create economies of scale and synergies and is expected to bring a considerable amount of revenue. We will continue to further develop oil and gas fields to deploy our strategy with a focus on upstream business.
Our international trading business has established intensive and stable supply and distribution channels in the international market. The Group has started to trade physical crude oil to contribute further revenue thus extended our trading product array to crude oil, fuel oil, gas oil, middle distillates such as diesel oil, as well as petrochemicals. In terms of trading volume, 
our business has achieved market leading position. On bunkering business, we have been the top three suppliers measured by volume in China and Singapore for several consecutive years.
During the financial year of 2013, the Group has signed a contract of affreightment with China International United Petroleum & Chemicals Co., Ltd., (UNIPEC), a wholly owned subsidiary of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation (Sinopec), to transport crude oil to China from regions including Middle East and West Africa in the coming decade. The contract is expected to bring stable income to the Group in the long run.
Meanwhile, the first phase of our oil storage facilities in Zhoushan, Zhejiang Province, with a storage capacity of approximately 1.94 million m 3 , is under construction and is expected to be in commercial operations in early 2015. We anticipate our oil storage facilities in Zhoushan and Dalian to gradually come into operation in the next two to three years to provide oil storage and terminal services to a variety of customers and for the Group s own use, driving the growth of the Group s business and bringing stable 
Looking ahead, a new version of China economy will bring momentum to the global economy despite the uncertainties elsewhere.
We look forward to the rebound of the world economy. We firmly believe that China will continue its market-oriented reform and maintain a long-term healthy development of its economy, while its urbanization development approach will provide significant potential for long-term growth of its domestic consumers and industrial demand, creating substantial possibility for higher energy demand thus brighter prospects for Brightoil s business development. We have every confidence that the scalable and global development of our core businesses, the upstream business in particular, will lay a solid foundation for Brightoil to become a renowned international energy conglomerate.
Finally, on behalf of the board of directors, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders and business partners for their trust and support over the past year. We will continue to create greater value and higher returns to our shareholders and investors.
Sit Kwong Lam 
30 September 2013 
