CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
In 2012, facing the complex economic situation at home and abroad and the fierce market competition, the Group earnestly followed the government s macroeconomic control measures and regulatory requirements by supporting the development of the real economy vigorously and promoting strategic transformation continuously. With deepened internal reform, and strengthened risk management and internal control, various businesses maintained a stable and rapid growth.
In 2012, the Group s total assets reached nearly RMB14 trillion, while net profit for the year reached RMB193,602 million, up 14.26% year-on-year. The return on average assets and the return on average equity were 1.47% and 21.98% respectively. Our key financial indicators continued to lead the market. The Board has recommended a final cash dividend of RMB0.268 per share.
We vigorously supported the real economy, and our credit structure continued to improve. In 2012, the Group timely adjusted business policies, allocated credit resources appropriately, and enhanced credit management to support the key national projects, the livelihood sector and the weak links in the economic and social development. The increase of loans to infrastructure sectors accounted for 27.04% of the increase in corporate loans, while loans to small and micro businesses increased by 17.97%, and agriculture-related loans increased by 21.43%. We maintained the leading position in terms of the increases in personal residential loans and credit card loans. The Group performed proactive credit management by actively controlling loans to industries with excess capacity, local government financing vehicles, and real estate industry.
We maintained steady progress in integrated operations, with rapid development of overseas business. The Group has initially established the integrated operation platform, leading the industry in terms of the variety of non-bank financial licences. At the end of 2012, the total assets of all the subsidiaries reached RMB260,839 million, and made a net profit of RMB2,139 million. The Group deployed the operating strategy of closely following the customers and accelerating localisation for its overseas business, and expanded its network through both self-establishment and mergers and acquisitions (M&A). At the end of 2012, the total assets of overseas entities exceeded US$80 billion.
CCB London successfully issued the first London offshore RMB bond of RMB1 billion. Melbourne branch opened successfully and the preparations were accelerated for the opening of subsidiary banks in Dubai and Russia, or branches in Toronto, Taipei, San Francisco, Osaka and 
We fully promoted the building of a multi-functional bank, with rapid progress in strategic emerging businesses. The Group strengthened policy guidance and increased resources to strategic businesses, leading to the sound and rapid development of electronic banking, pension, private banking and other businesses. In 2012, the number of customers of personal online banking increased by 41.07%, and that of mobile phone banking by 78.68%; the ratio of the number of transactions through electronic banking to that through the front desk was 270.30%, up 63.58 percentage points over 2011. The e.ccb.com platform was successfully launched, with accumulated trading volume of RMB3.5 billion in the corporate mall and financing volume to the merchants of nearly RMB1 billion. The pension business ranked first among peers in terms of the increase in assets under custody. The Group issued a series of innovative products for private banking customers, with an increase of 30.19% in their financial assets.
We optimised the building of channels and mechanism, and promoted intensive operation. In 2012, the Group made efforts to improve its network distribution. The number of domestic operating entities increased by 540 to 14,121, and the number of ATMs increased by 11,323, both ranking first among its peers in terms of the increase. The Group accelerated the building of comprehensive operating entities, by focusing on the full functions of the outlets, frontline staff and marketing teams, to further improve the efficiency of using network resources. The Group deepened the separation between front desk and back offices, simplified business processes, and improved efficiency, with greatly shortened average time for instant customer service. The Group also accelerated the integration of business functions and service channels for telephone banking, to improve customer experience and reduce operating costs.
We continued to refine risk management and internal controls, and the asset quality remained stable. In 2012, the Group strengthened the enterprise-wide risk control, and further specified and standardised the framework and content of comprehensive risk management. It enhanced risk management over key areas such as industries with excess capability, government financing vehicles and real estate sector, and further improved the risk management standard for wealth management business, off-balance sheet activities, and overseas and country-specific risks. The Group strengthened the building of its internal control system, by establishing a new department to assume the internal control and compliance responsibilities, and optimising the internal control system, methods and processes. At the end of 2012, the non-performing loan ratio was 0.99%, a decrease of 0.10 percentage points from the previous year.
We promoted the implementation of capital management measures, and the capital base was further consolidated. In 2012, the Group improved the rules related to the capital management measures, to ensure its smooth implementation and a stable transition. The Group proactively carried out research on innovative capital instruments, and successfully issued subordinated bonds of RMB40 billion. The Group seized the opportunity of implementing the new capital management measures to enhance its business transformation and structural adjustments, accelerate the transformation towards more intensive use of capital, and improve the efficiency of capital utilisation. At the end of 2012, the capital adequacy ratio and core capital adequacy ratio increased to 14.32% and 11.32% respectively.
We proactively fulfilled our corporate social responsibilities, and promoted social welfare projects. The Group continued to consider social responsibilities in the process of business development, and guided the credit resources towards areas including low carbon economy, circular economy and green economy. During the year, the Group implemented ten important social welfare projects, with an investment of RMB23 million, and continued to promote long-term social welfare projects such as Programme for Impoverished High School Students , Sponsorship Programme for Impoverished Mothers of Heroes & Exemplary Workers , CCB Scholarships and Grants for College Students from Ethnic Minorities as well as the scholarships and grants of Passion for Tibet . The Group s social responsibility efforts were highly recognised by the wide community, as evidenced by China Corporate Social Responsibility 100 by Fortune China , and Financial Institutions with Best Social Responsibility Award from China Banking Association.
In 2012, the Group s outstanding results and good performance won wide recognition from the market and community. We received over 90 accolades at home and abroad, including the first place in the Chinese banking sector in the Top 500 World Banking Brands jointly published by The Banker and Brand Finance , and Best China Brands 2012 by Interbrand ; and the 77th place in Fortune Global 500 published by Fortune, advancing by 31 places over the previous year. In addition, the Group won numerous awards from domestic and foreign major organisations for its achievements in areas including corporate governance, SME service, private banking, cash management, custody, investment banking, investor relations and corporate social responsibilities. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the support of our staff, customers, shareholders and the wide business community.
The year 2013 is a pivotal year in the implementation of the Twelfth Five-year Plan, and is also the occasion for CCB to seize the strategic opportunity and pursue strategic transformation. The Group will adhere to the regulatory requirements, reinforce innovation and transformation, and try to make new progress at the new starting point.

