chairman and executive director 
In 2015, the global economy experienced a difficult year of recovery with growing divergences, and China faced the growing pressure of economic downturn. In the face of such an extraordinarily complex operating environment and fierce market competitions, the Group accelerated transformation towards a bank featuring integration, multifunctional service, intensive development, innovation and smartness, arduously served the real economy, and strengthened comprehensive risk management. A solid growth has been achieved with a good balance of scale, quality and profitability, with the core indicators and market capitalisation of the Group maintaining a leading position among peers.
At the end of 2015, the Group s total assets reached RMB18.35 trillion. Net profit amounted to RMB228,900 million. The return on average assets and the return on average equity were 1.30% and 17.27% respectively. Total capital ratio and common equity tier one ratio of the Group were 15.39% and 13.13% respectively, with earnings per share at RMB0.91. On account of the good operating results, the Board of the Bank proposed a final cash dividend of RMB0.274 per share (including tax).
We accelerated our strategic transformation. The Group actively adapted to the new normal of economic development with a changing mindset, and pre-emptively accelerated transformation and development. We made efforts to build a group-wide management model that covers asset and liability in a wider sense, i.e. on and off-balance sheet items, RMB and foreign currency portfolios, domestic and overseas institutions, and parent company and subsidiaries. While consolidating our traditionally advantageous businesses in housing finance and cost advisory service among other things, we actively expanded our presence in strategic emerging businesses, including assets management, private banking, investment custodial service, credit cards and precious metals.
Aiming at more intensive management of the head office and branches, we pushed forward centralised operations of the assets management and financial market business, initiated corporatisation of the pension business and cost advisory service, and further promoted the separation between the front, middle and back offices. Based on updated studies in emerging markets, emerging forms of business and emerging enterprises in the Internet era and changes in customers needs, we accelerated innovations in process management, system and mechanism, product and business models. With the help of our New Generation Core Banking System , we improved our ability to collect, manage and use big data, accelerated the building and promotion of smart outlets, and vigorously developed internet-based financial services.
We vigorously boosted the development of real economy. The Group proactively responded to the state s structural reform on the supply side, and aptly reacted to the development strategies including One Belt and One Road , free trade zones, coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and the Yangtze River Economic Belt. We provided support to the national key construction projects, new-type urbanisation, new countryside construction and strategic emerging industries.
In 2015, we leveraged on our traditional advantages to expand the infrastructure loans to RMB2.71 trillion. Retail loans rose rapidly, with the increase accounting for 58% of the total new loans. The Group further consolidated its leading position in housing finance with residential mortgages of RMB2.77 trillion, remaining first among peers in terms of both the balance and the increase. Loans to small and micro enterprises, agriculture, farmers and rural areas as well as internet banking maintained a relatively fast pace of growth. Meanwhile, we maintained strict control over loans to industries with excess capacity, resulting in a continuously improved structure of customer base.
We strengthened our ability to control risks. In 2015, the Bank was listed as one of the global systematically important banks, and the regulatory requirements in respect of capital, liquidity and risk management were further enhanced. The Group proactively dealt with the situation by initiating the preparation of the recovery and resolution plan and establishing the crisis response mechanism, and promoted the innovation of capital instruments by successfully issuing preference shares and Tier 2 capital bonds, and further consolidating capital base. The Group continued to improve comprehensive risk management, and optimised credit customer selection, customer credit evaluation and credit financing options. With concern for possible systemic risk in the face of economic downturn pressure and structural adjustments, we intensified studies and quantitative analysis on risks in key areas, industries and products, which improved our ability to identify risks and raise alert at an earlier stage. We increased efforts to dispose of high-risk projects and non-performing loans ( NPLs ) and made prudent and full provisions for loan impairment losses, thus maintaining an adequate reserve against risks. At the end of 2015, the Group s NPL ratio was 1.58%, the ratio of allowances to NPLs was 150.99%, and the ratio of allowances to total loans was 2.39%.
We enhanced our ability for sustainable development. In 2015, we constantly improved our customer base. We had 5.71 million corporate RMB settlement accounts, an increase of 0.85 million, maintaining the leading position among peers in terms of both account increase and growth rate. We had 1.29 million active treasury management customers, an increase of 0.34 million. The number of private banking customers with financial assets above RMB10 million grew by 23.08%, and the total amount of customers financial assets increased by 32.94%. With respect to channel building, we established integrated marketing teams at 98% of integrated outlets, with significantly improved comprehensive service capability. The construction of smart outlets, flagship outlets, comprehensive outlets and nimble outlets was pushed forward in an orderly fashion. The function of electronic banking as the main channel of the Bank was further highlighted, with the number of bank account transactions through non-counter channels accounting for 95.58% of the total. The number of personal online banking, mobile banking and WeChat banking customers ranked first among peers. In terms of IT infrastructure, breakthrough was achieved in building the New Generation Core Banking System, with the second phase project coming to operation smoothly.
Corporate businesses were comprehensively migrated to the New Generation Core Banking System platform, achieving business process reengineering and innovation in operation and 
We made notable improvement in our comprehensive operations. In November 2015, CCB Pension Management Co., Ltd. was established, representing a new milestone in the development of our comprehensive operation platform.
Currently, the Group s business covers multiple industries and sectors, including fund, leasing, trust, insurance, investment banking, futures, pension management and specialised banking. At the end of 2015, total assets of the Group s integrated operation subsidiaries reached RMB266.6 billion, an increase of 40.65% over last year, with a net profit of RMB3.9 billion, an increase of 59.01%.
We achieved rapid growth in international business. In May 2015, Chile Branch became the first RMB clearing bank in South America. In June 2015, Paris Branch, Amsterdam Branch, Barcelona Branch and Milan Branch under CCB Europe were successively opened. Cape Town Branch (under Johannesburg Branch) commenced business in September.
London Branch commenced business in October. Zurich Branch was established and designated as the RMB clearing bank in November, and Dubai International Financial Centre Branch received its official banking license and commenced business in November. Up to now, the Group has established over 130 entities in 25 countries and regions, basically completing our network deployment in global target markets.
Thanks to the expanded global presence, our cross-border business and local operations at abroad fully accelerated with improving international competitiveness.
We continued to contribute to society proactively. In 2015, we made social welfare donations of RMB41.21 million to various areas including education, medical and health care and disaster recovery. At the end of 2015, the accumulated donations for CCB Sponsorship Programme for Impoverished High School Students amounted to RMB127 million. The Group continued to donate to Healthy Mother Express , which provided maternal health care and other medical services to local women in less-developed counties and towns in 13 provinces and regions including Xinjiang, Tibet, and Inner Mongolia, with a cumulative amount of donations of RMB29 million. The Group donated RMB5 million to Tibet earthquake stricken area and donated NT$3 million to dust explosion victims in New Taipei City, Taiwan. It continued the programme of Credit Card Points Help Fulfil Dreams, Micro Public Welfare to explore a new innovative way of making charity donations with credit card points, and accumulatively donated nearly 1.2 billion credit card points, which could be converted into charity donations of nearly RMB2.40 million. The Group strengthened the protection of consumer rights and interests with more effective methods for promoting public awareness in consumer rights and interests, and actively promoted inclusive financial service and green credit with continued credit support for environmental protection, energy saving and emission 
In 2015, we received 122 awards from various organisations at home and abroad, including the Best Bank in China from the US magazine Global Finance, Hong Kong magazines The Asset and Corporate Treasurer. The Group ranked second in terms of tier-one capital in The Banker s The World s Top 1000 Banks in 2015, and second in Forbes Global 2000 in 2015.
The year of 2015 witnessed the successive departures of Mr.
Hu Zheyi, Mr. Zhu Hongbo, Mr. Zhang Jianguo, and Ms. Elaine La Roche, due to work rearrangement and term expiration, the joining of Mr. Wang Zuji, Mr. Pang Xiusheng and Mr. Zhang Gengsheng as executive directors, and the joining of Mr. Li Jun and Ms. Hao Aiqun as non-executive directors. At the first extraordinary general meeting of 2015, Mr. Carl Walter and Ms. Anita Fung were also elected as independent non- executive directors. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express sincere gratitude to the resigned directors for their contributions to the Group, and extend our warm welcome to the new members.
The achievements in 2015 were hard-won, and development pressures in 2016 still remain. Looking ahead, the global economy still faces many challenges. At this vital point of the first year of the 13th Five-year Plan , the Group will seize the great opportunity of China s reform and development, vigorously implement its strategic transformation and development with enhanced innovation drive, upgraded system and mechanism and solid market prediction, and strengthen efforts in risk prevention and control, in order to maintain steady development of businesses and bring due reward to our shareholders, customers and the community.

