Chairman s statement 
In 2013, both domestic and global economic and financial situations remained complex and volatile. The growth rate of global economy edged down, developed economies achieved slightly strengthened growth momentum, while emerging economies experienced increasing pressure in economic growth, resulting in significant regional divergence. The Chinese economy in general made progress while ensuring stability. The economic growth slowed down in tandem with accelerated structural adjustments, the market-oriented reforms were rapidly promoted, competition from inside and outside the financial sector became increasingly intense, financial reforms were continuously deepened and regulatory policies were further tightened. All these were testing the Group s adaptability to changes, adjustment ability and promoting capability for management reforms, and driving the Group to steadily move forward, actively develop transformation and get a head start among peers.
Adhering to the strategy featuring integration, multifunction and intensiveness and scrupulously abiding by the general keynote of steady development, the Group persisted in supporting the real economy and accelerated strategic transformation.
It maintained a stable operation as a whole during the process of upgrading and transforming traditional businesses and accelerating the development of emerging businesses, realised progress in strategic focuses and key areas, and achieved new growth while maintaining stability in operating results and market performances. All these produced generous returns to shareholders, customers and the society. At the end of 2013, the Group s total assets exceeded RMB15 trillion. The return on average assets and the return on average equity were 1.47% and 21.23%, respectively. Total capital ratio was 13.34%. Our key financial indicators continued to lead the market. On account of the favourable operating results, the Board of the Bank has recommended a final cash dividend of RMB0.30 per share.
We further consolidated traditional businesses advantages with rapid development in emerging businesses . The Group persisted in supporting the real economy, and reasonably allocated resources to promote economic development and industrial upgrading. The increase of loans to infrastructure sectors accounted for 43.89% of the increase in corporate loans, and the loans were primarily granted to support key areas and major projects in the national economic development. The balance of residential mortgages ranked first among peers, which were mainly granted to support customers to buy ordinary apartments for residential purpose. To vigorously support the development of small and micro businesses, the Group granted a total of RMB909,722 million credit funds to 155,600 small and micro businesses, and provided settlement services for more than two million small and micro businesses. Financial services to agriculture, farmers and rural areas were significantly improved, with an increase of 27.38% in agriculture-related loans. The Group continued to support affordable housing projects, with an increase of 37.71% in development loans for indemnificatory housing projects. Due to the rapid development in various emerging businesses, the accumulative number of credit cards issued reached 52.01 million, with the increase leading the market and the loan balance rose by 50.99%. The underwriting volume of debt securities recorded RMB342,486 million, ranking first among peers in terms of underwriting volume for three years in a row. The number of contracted corporate customers for pension business exceeded 20,000 with multiple indicators including increase in pension assets under trusteeship and growth amount in account management leading the market. The number of cross-border RMB settlement customers exceeded 10,000 with settlement volume exceeding RMB900 billion, up 54.04%. The ratio of the accounting transactions volume through electronic banking and self-service channels to the total accounting transactions volume through various channels rose to 85.40%. The number of personal online banking customers and mobile phone banking customers reached 150 million and 117 million, respectively.
We gained breakthroughs in key areas of strategic transformation . The Group made significant progress in integrated transformation, and completed the acquisition agreement with Shanghai Liangmao Futures, leading the market in terms of non-banking financial licenses. The Group s subsidiaries maintained good development momentum with continuously improved rankings among peers. Key business indicators of affiliated life insurance and trust companies ranked first among peers of large banks. The overseas network expanded rapidly. Six branches or subsidiaries in Russia, Dubai, Taipei, Osaka, Luxembourg, etc. opened in succession. The Group concluded merger & acquisition (M&A) agreement with Banco Industrial e Comercial S.A. of Brazil, and effectively integrated institutions and resources in Hong Kong. As a result, total assets of overseas entities increased by over 40%. The Group further deepened the multifunctional transformation by integrating its resources, improving its product supply ability, service customisation ability and asset allocation ability, bringing about constantly expanded coverage of customers and products. Intensive transformation progressed orderly, and efforts for centralised operation were intensified. It succeeded in completing the separation between the bank counters and back offices for 28 categories of counter businesses in 14,000 operating entities. With continuous advancement in the three integrations of outlets, customers can enjoy convenience and comfort brought by our one-stop comprehensive services.
We made steady progress in risk management and control . The Group smoothly completed the reform and adjustments in risk management, credit mechanisms and procedures, implemented risk management covering all employees, strengthened the responsibilities undertaken by the management at all levels, and reinforced Group-level risk management and whole-process management and control. All these promoted professionalism and concentration on credit management, and raised efficiency of credit services. Faced with the complicated and changing market environment, the Group kept its composure to strengthen its own liquidity management, conscientiously maintained order in the financial market, and played a market stabiliser role against fluctuations. Under the circumstances of economic downturn and structural adjustments, the Group enhanced risk warning and prevention in key regions, industries and products, and reinforced the disposal of non-performing loans. As a result, the asset quality maintained at a stable level. At the end of 2013, the Group s non-performing loan ratio was 0.99%, remaining unchanged over last year. The allowances for impairment losses were sufficient and the ratio of allowances for impairment losses to non-performing loans stood at 268.22%.
We proactively fulfilled the corporate social responsibilities . The Group donated a total of RMB49 million for the year. In this amount, RMB15 million went to earthquake-stricken areas in Ya an, Sichuan Province. We continued to promote long-term social welfare projects such as Sponsorship Programme for Health Express for Mothers , Programme for Impoverished High School Students , and Sponsorship Programme for Impoverished Mothers of Heroes & Exemplary Workers . We, together with China Youth Development Foundation and other public welfare organisations, initiated activities themed as Credit Card Points Help Fulfill Dreams, Micro Public Welfare . At the end of 2013, the total donated points amounted to nearly 500 million. During the year, the Group built the management mechanism for the protection of consumer rights and interests further improved the multi-channel complaint management system, and opened complaint supervision hotlines to deal with customers appeals arising from unsatisfied complaint handlings. The Group vigorously promoted inclusive finance and green finance, and increased credit allocations to green and environmental protection, energy-saving and emission reduction fields.
In 2013, the Group became a candidate representative of the Business Advisory Council of Asia-Pacific Economy Cooperation (APEC) and a member unit of APEC China Business Advisory Council. The Group fostered extensive exchanges and communication with business representatives from various economies of APEC, demonstrated a good corporate image of the Group and the Chinese business community, and made active efforts in building a free and convenient trade and investment environment regionally and globally.
In 2013, the Group s outstanding results and good performance won wide recognition from the market and community. We received 102 accolades at home and abroad, and a number of comprehensive rankings were further advanced, including the fifth place in the Top 1000 World Banks published by The Banker , advancing by two places over last year; and the second place in Global 2000 published by Forbes , advancing by 13 places over last year. In addition, the Group won numerous awards from major domestic and foreign organisations for its achievements in fields including corporate governance, small and medium-sized enterprise (SME) service, private banking, cash management, custody, investment banking, pension, international business, e-commerce, and corporate social responsibilities.
In 2013, the Group experienced significant adjustments and changes to the composition of the Board members. Mr. Yam Chi Kwong, Joseph, Rt Hon Dame Jenny Shipley, Mr. Wong Kai-Man, Mr. Wang Yong, Mr. Zhu Zhenmin and Ms. Li Xiaoling ceased to serve in their positions; Mr. Zhu Hongbo and Mr. Hu Zheyi commenced their positions as executive directors of the Bank; Mr. Zhang Long, Mr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson, Mr. Wim Kok, Mr. Murry Horn and Ms. Margaret Leung Ko May Yee commenced their positions as independent non-executive directors of the Bank; Mr. Qi Shouyin, Ms. Zhang Yanling, Mr. Xu Tie and Mr. Guo Yanpeng commenced their positions as non-executive directors of the Bank. I would like to take this opportunity to extend my sincere thanks to the resigned directors for their contributions to the Group and deliver warm welcome to all new directors.
The year of 2014 will witness the 60th anniversary of China Construction Bank. An Excellence-pursuer, A Partner Forever , our continuous and sound development benefits from the support and assistance of shareholders, customers and all sectors of society over the years, and from the efforts and contributions made by generations of predecessors, old colleagues, as well as all employees working with us. On the occasion of the 60th anniversary celebration, I, on behalf of the Group, would like to express my sincere gratitude to our staff, shareholders, customers and the wide business community for their trust and tremendous support for years. By actively seizing the opportunities brought about by China s comprehensively deepening reform, we will reform and optimise our own systems and mechanisms, vigorously advance strategic transformation, strengthen driving forces of innovation and continue to optimise financial services. We are endeavouring to build an innovative bank, being domestically best and globally first-class , and are striving to inherit the Group s outstanding achievements for 60 years with best results.

