Chairman s Statement 
The Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) achieved a profit of approximately HK$63,276,000 for the year under review after chargingcrediting the following: decrease in fair value of investment properties of approximately HK$1,369,000 (2007: increase in fair value 
a reversal of tax provision of approximately HK$17,614,000 (2007: Nil) previously recognised by the Group in respect of its liquidated subsidiaries Excluding the above, the profit attributable to the operations of the Group s was approximately HK$47,031,000.

The overall performance of the garment operation had apparently improved during the year. It is the third season for our original equipment manufacturer ( OEM ) business. The Group s reputation on quality and design, competitive prices and guaranteed delivery had gradually built up. We had an established reputation in the OEM and original design manufacturer ( ODM ) nylon T-shirt industry. Although the turnover had decreased by 17.6%, the result of garment operation had significantly improved from a loss of approximately HK$3,537,000 in 2007 to a gain of approximately HK$907,000 in 2008. Since the Group has focused its efforts on the OEMODM market, the Group has re-structured its organisation and minimised the operating costs. The Group is of the view that the garment operation has been moving on the right track and there would be contribution to the Group in the foreseeable future. In the medium to long run, the garment operation will have positive contribution to the Group.

The Group maintained its conservative strategy in managing the surplus cash. With the downward trend in the interest market and the volatility of the debt securities market, the Group attempted to generate stable interest income during the year.
The profit of approximately HK$44 million had mainly resulted from the disposal of available-for-sale investments in listed equity securities which had been held for over six years with nil carrying value.
At the end of the financial year, the Group had unwound its investment portfolio and has maintained full cash position since then. Faced with the recent volatility in the financial market, the Group will continue to exercise prudence when making investment decision and continue to assess the available investment opportunities and overall market environment with an aim of enhancing shareholders value.

During the year ended 30th June, 2008, the Group generated rental income of approximately HK$402,000.
Attributable to the newly acquired investment properties located in Singapore in mid- June, the Group is expected to receive more rental income in the coming financial years.

MARINE BUNKERING BUSINESS The Group has observed a strong start of its marine bunkering business. Since mid-July, the Group has begun marketing and selling its marine bunkering services, being provided in Shenzhen, the People s Republic of China (the PRC ). A solid bunkering volume of approximately 333,000 tonnes of fuel oil was achieved in the first quarter of the financial year ending 30th June, 2009 reflecting the promising prospect of the business.
To grow along with the PRC arm of the marine bunkering business, the Group had announced to acquire an oil tanker on 16th July, 2008 as part of the long term strategy to support the delivery function of the marine bunkering operation in Hong Kong for launching the Hong Kong operation.
With the delivery of the tanker by November 2008, the marine bunkering business is expected to contribute an increasingly significant portion of the turnover of the Group in the years to come. In the financial year ending 30th June, 2009, the Group plans to expand the coverage of its marine bunkering business to other ports in the Yangtze River Delta region and to be followed by those in the northern part of the PRC as a strategic approach to further develop the business. With its marine bunkering services gaining reputation among existing and potential customers, and a clear focus of the future developments, the Group is confident that the business will deliver promising returns to the shareholders of the Company (the Shareholders ) in the future.

12 new directors of the Company (the Directors ) were appointed in June 2008 and six directors of the Company resigned in July 2008 following the close of the mandatory offer for all issued shares of the Company not already owned or acquired by Canada Foundation Limited ( Canada Foundation ) and parties acting in concert 
The change of the name of the Company in August 2008 reflects its determination in pursuing petroleum-related businesses. In light of increasing energy demand, the management of the Company is optimistic about the prospect of the Group s marine bunkering services. Riding on the abundant experience and extensive business network of the new management, working team of professionals and experienced sales force of the Company and the solid support of the Shareholders, the Group will continue to identify business opportunities, in particular, those related to natural resources, oil and natural gas businesses, so as to create greater Shareholders value.
Besides focusing on the new marine bunkering business, the Group will take appropriate measures to further improve the garment operation and is optimistic that it will improve in the medium to long term.
The Group will continue to exercise prudence in making new investment and management of its surplus fund with the primary objective of generating sufficient cash flow for the operations.
On behalf of the board of directors of the Company, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all business partners, staff and Shareholders for their continuous support.
SIT KWONG LAM 
Hong Kong, 8th October, 2008 