Chairman s Statement 
During the fiscal year from 1 July 2014 to 30 June 2015 (the Fiscal Year ), oil enterprises all over the globe experienced drastic changes while the Group has achieved rapid development and 
Since the second half of 2014, crude oil prices plunged sharply from approximately US$110 per barrel to approximately US$40 per barrel, and the average profit of global oil enterprises decreased by 30% to 50%. Nevertheless, through its visionary business layout and sound risk management, the Group achieved net profit of HK$1.39 billion, representing an increase of 131.4% over the last fiscal year, which can be considered as a leapfrog growth. Not only did the Group take advantage of the synergy from its industrial chain to realise profit growth, but also it further improved its major layout of the industrial chain in a long run, which laid a solid foundation for the long-term and sustainable development of the Group.
The leapfrog development of the Group is attributable firstly to the Group s attaching great importance to development opportunities in the clean energy industry. After the completion of the overall development plan of the Tuzi Gas Field in 2009, the Group acquired the Dina 1 Gas Field in 2012 and put it into operation in the same year. As of the end of June 2015, the accumulated investment of the Group amounted to approximately RMB1.6 billion, while completed exploration of 12 wells and commenced production with a success rate of 100%, which was a year ahead of schedule. In FY2015, the annual production of natural gas was 886 million cubic meters, representing an increase of 68.8% as compared to the last fiscal year. The Group realised a net profit of HK$640 million in these two gas fields, which increased by 1.39 times as compared to the last fiscal year.
The Group achieved breakthroughs in offshore oil exploration and production, and further improved its strategic layout in the full industrial chain. On 8 August 2014, the Group successfully acquired the participating interest of Caofeidian 0436 and 0536 blocks in Bohai Bay from Anadarko Petroleum Corporation of United States, and established partnership with China National Offshore Oil Corporation ( CNOOC ). The gross daily production of the two blocks is 40,000 barrels. The annual production of crude oil of the Group is 3.70 million barrels, making the Group become an operator of medium sized oil fields.

Dr. Sit Kwong Lam 
Meanwhile, facing a drastic decrease in oil prices, the Group, under the leadership of CNOOC and in cooperation with all parties, successfully lowered operating costs by nearly 40%. Currently the overall cost is lowered to approximately US$30 per barrel. From the project, the Group realised net profit of HK$105 million in the fiscal year. The Group realised net profit of HK$745 million from oil and gas businesses, which accounted for almost half of the total net profit of the Group.
The leapfrog development of the Group is also attributable to the Group s consistently adhering to the policy of twin-wheel-driven full industrial chain. As the falling oil prices stimulated consumer demand, the Group, leveraging favorable timing and capitalising on its advantages of the integrated full industrial chain operation, boosted the development of midstream and downstream 
Annual sales contributed by the international trading and bunkering business reached 17.27 million metric tonnes, representing an increase of 14% as compared to the last fiscal year. Crude oil sales reached 11.94 million metric tonnes, representing an increase of 55% as compared to the last fiscal year. Net profit from the international trading and bunkering business of the Group amounted to HK$706 million in the fiscal year.
The operation rate of the Group vessels maintained at over 95% and earnings from the sector increased by approximately 28% as compared to the last fiscal year. Net profit reached HK$223 million. The success made it a new contributor to the Group s profit 
The impressive development of the Group has been well recognized and widely supported. In May 2015, the Group successfully issued 590 million new shares, and attracted a number of influential enterprises. The Group raised HK$1.298 billion, which provided strong support for the Group s development.
Looking forward, we are confident with our plans and schedules to face challenges.

The Group will continue to adhere to the business philosophy that organically combines risk control and profit maximization , and further capitalise on the advantage of integrated full industrial chain operation. On such basis, the Group will highlight its working emphasis to achieve greater results. Three major highlights of the Group s future business development are expected: Firstly, the upstream oil and gas business is expected to achieve a significant breakthrough. The Group will increase investment in production and exploration of natural gas. Tuzi 102 platform is estimated to be put into operation early next year, with a possible increase in designed production capacity of approximately 300 million cubic meters per annum. The constructions of Dina 1-3 well and Tuzi 103 platform are on schedule and are estimated to be put into operation in 2017, enabling the Group s production reach up to 1.8 billion cubic meters.
Since the deep drilling work of Tuzi 4 Well commenced in December 2014, the project has been progressing smoothly and significant breakthrough had been found. During the drilling process, promising gas reserves were discovered at the Jurassic Kizilnur Formation at a depth of about 3,210 meters and at the Yangxia Formation at a depth of 3,700 meters. The well is designed to reach the Jurassic Ahe Formation at a depth of 4,270 meters. Currently, the drilling work is close to the target layer. Relevant research is being conducted while the Group is declaring the ongoing work to relevant authorities for approval. The covering mud pressure on top of the Kizilnur Formation reaches 66 MPa and the daily gas production is estimated to reach 80,000 cubic meters per well. The covering mud pressure on top of the Yangxia Formation reaches 81 MPa and the daily gas production is estimated to reach 150,000 cubic meters per well. If the drilling task of Tuzi 4 Well is successfully completed and approved by relevant authorities for operation, the Group s natural gas reserve is expected to multiply, which will contribute to leapfrog development of its upstream business.
Meanwhile, the offshore oil block project of the Group will implement a new development plan, which can reduce costs and improve benefits, hence make offshore blocks a new contributor to the Group s profit growth. Under the leadership of CNOOC and in cooperation with all parties, a development plan has been preliminarily established, which is to be approved by the Joint Management Committee and relevant state authorities. The plan is believed to regain momentum under the low oil price environment, which will make this offshore project a contributor to the Group s profit growth.
Secondly, with the Group s oil storage and terminal facilities project in Zhoushan in operation, it is expected to yield considerable and stable return for the Group. The total capacities of the two large-scale oil storage and terminal facilities projects in Zhoushan and Dalian are nearly 10.35 million cubic meters. Low oil prices prompt the Chinese government to speed up national oil reserve buildup and to ensure energy security. Therefore, the demands for oil storage facilities from not only China but also domestic and overseas oil enterprises have significantly increased. Based on forecasts from different institutions together, national demands of oil and storage capacities will reach 600 million metric tonnes and 75 million cubic meters, respectively. However, capacities of oil storages under operation and construction are currently less than 50 million cubic meters, which a gap exists between the supply and demand. As oil storage facilities accommodated with deep-water coastlines and large terminals are scarce in China, the Group, having captured such opportunities, dedicates itself to undertaking large oil storage and terminal facilities projects in the two deep-water ports in Zhoushan and Dalian, which are two commodities trading hubs strategically positioned. Currently, the Zhoushan project is under intensive construction and is estimated to be completed and operational in 2016. The Group s storage facilities are believed to be fully utilised after completing construction. Meanwhile, being an important part of the Group s full industrial chain, storage facilities are expected to synergise with the Group s offshore bunkering business as well as the forthcoming E-commerce platform, and potentially reward the Group with considerable and stable income.

Thirdly, through developing E-commerce business, the Group has explored an innovative consumption model in the petroleum and energy sector, so as to serve the public, to promote prosperity of the market economy, and to push forward industry innovation and development. The Chinese government is strongly encouraging and developing the Internet economy. With this opportunity, the Group has established an E-commerce company in Qianhai, Shenzhen. By combining the advantages and resources of the Group from home and aboard, as well as by integrating the online and offline businesses, the relevant internet and financial services are combined to enhance the core competitive edge of the Group in the petroleum and energy sector. The Group innovatively develops and launches the first Petroleum Industrial Chain+Internet comprehensive energy and financial E-commerce platform Brightoil Online, in China.
Apart from targeting corporate customers with the B2B model as well as the O2O model and promoting online and offline interaction, Brightoil Online also plans to innovate and launch a C2B model which is to cater to the need and improve consumer experience of individual customers and to create a new petroleum consumption model. This E-commerce platform is expected to improve the efficiency of the oil distribution industry, optimise the allocation of resources of oil supply, marketing and storage, meet market demands, bring more convenience to consumers, improve efficiency of services and transfer oil into hard currency.
As a result, consumers can enjoy a full range of diversified experience in oil usage and consumption services. Meanwhile, by cooperating with financial institutions, the Group introduced various types of financial services, such as a platform based on transaction data and consumption pattern, a platform on buyer credit or on consumer credit, and financial derivative products. The products are expected to promote innovation and development of the oil distribution industry.
Along with the smooth progress of this business, it is expected that income from the onshore and offshore bunkering business as well as the downstream business will grow substantially and bring considerable return to the Group.
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our investors and all sectors of the society, for your care and support to the Group.
We believe that, through our effort and the measures mentioned above, all business sectors and overall strength of the Group would further grow.
Sit Kwong Lam 
22 September 2015 