Chairman’s StatementBeing at the helm of China Mobile makes
me reflect on my own beliefs in life — in
particular that a true leader is not only
measured by accomplishments he achieved
and the heights he aspires to attain, but also
by his all-embracing magnanimity. Only by
doing this can we broaden our perspective
and sustain our development. This wave of
information technology progress brings ample
opportunities, as well as challenges, for the
industry. It will test our ability to adapt and
generate new momentum, without losing
sight of the unique aspects of China Mobile.
I feel privileged to have the mission of
steering this large ship at this point,
positioning ourselves as the visionary industry
leader and travelling forward to a period of
inclusive growth for the Company.
“Big Connectivity” is our response to this
vision. In 2016, China Mobile set out this
overarching strategy, together with the “four
growth engines”, that will guide us toward
balanced development. This was a result
of a comprehensive process of thorough
research, brainstorming and deliberation.
We have created a development blueprint
for the next five years that commits China
Mobile to expanding our network connectivity,
optimising our services and strengthening
applications within our network to lay the
foundations for the Internet of Everything and
developing innovative digital services.
Looking back at 2016, I am very pleased with
the outstanding results that China Mobile has
achieved in the period. And now turning to the
future, my team and I will continue to work
together, remaining committed to creating
a brighter future for China Mobile and more
value for our investors.
Dear Shareholders,
China Mobile achieved outstanding results on all fronts
in 2016, maintaining our market leading profitability
among all global telecommunications operators and
laying a solid foundation for future growth. These hardearned
results were particularly encouraging against
a backdrop of rapidly advancing information network
and technology, an evolving business landscape and
accelerating convergence in the information and
communications technology industry, coupled with everchanging
external and internal operating environments.
The results demonstrated our ability to harness new
trends as well as our focus on innovation and delivering
ever-greater value. The timely implementation of the “Big
Connectivity” strategy helped us to not only speed up
our business transformation but also to consolidate our
position as the market leader.
2016 PERFORMANCE
China Mobile’s operating revenue reached RMB708.4
billion in 2016, representing an increase of 6.0% from
the previous year. The growth rate of revenue from
telecommunications services stood at 6.7%, achieving
a five-year high and ranking the first in the industry.
Our revenue structure improved further with wireless
data traffic revenue increasing by 43.5% from the
previous year, accounting for 46.2% of revenue from
telecommunications services. Wireless data traffic
became the biggest revenue source in 2016 for the first
time in the Company’s history, surpassing the combined
revenue of voice, SMS (Short Message Service) and
MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service).
Profit attributable to equity shareholders reached
RMB108.7 billion in 2016, or basic earnings per share
of RMB5.31. Excluding the one-off gain in 2015 on the
transfer of Tower Assets, profit attributable to equity
shareholders increased by 10.5% in 2016.
Exceeding investors’ expectations is our overriding
priority. We hope to create better returns for our
shareholders and share with them the fruits of
our success, while also securing the Company’s
development and maintaining shareholder value in the
longer term.
To this end, the Board recommends the dividend
payout ratio of 46% for the full financial year of 2016.
The Board recommends payment of a final dividend of
HK$1.243 per share, together with the interim dividend
of HK$1.489 per share paid earlier, this amounts to an
aggregate dividend payment of HK$2.732 per share
for the full 2016 financial year. Taking into account the
Company’s financial position, its ability to generate cash
flow and its capital demands for future development,
the Company will maintain a stable dividend payout
ratio for the full financial year of 2017, striving to attain
a stable-to-rising dividend payout ratio to create higher
shareholder value.
For a more detailed analysis of operating and financial
performance in 2016, please refer to the “Business
Review” and “Financial Review” sections.
OUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENTS IN
BUSINESS TRANSFORMATION
Harnessing the rapid developments in technology and
business trends and aligning with our goal for inclusive
development, our initiatives in accelerating business
transformation driven by the “four growth engines”
have yielded encouraging results in 2016.
We maintained our market leading position in terms of
the overall development of 4G business, particularly in
the areas of coverage and network quality. In 2016, we
had a net addition of 223 million 4G customers, bringing
the total number of 4G customers to 535 million. The
4G penetration rate of our mobile customers reached
63.0% and we have acquired the largest customer base.
We have the world’s largest 4G network and added a
further 0.4 million 4G base stations to our network in
2016, increasing the total number of stations to 1.51
million and covering a population of more than 1.3 billion.
Our average download speed on urban roads reached
40Mbps. We launched high quality commercial VoLTE
(Voice over LTE) services in more than 300 cities. These
were all part of our continued efforts to enhance our
industry-leading 4G customer experience and business
application. The TD-LTE key technology and application
for 4G, which China Mobile took pride in and contributed
significantly to developing, won the Outstanding Prize
in the 2016 National Science and Technology Progress
Awards. The broader application of the TD-LTE standard
around the world is a breakthrough for the industry.
China Mobile adopted a high-end approach to the
development of the flourishing household market. In
2016, we had a net addition of 22.59 million wireline
broadband customers, driving the total number of
customers for this service up to 77.62 million, 76.9%
of which subscribed to services with a bandwidth of
20Mbps or above. The number of customers of our
home digital product “Mobaihe”, the set-top box that
provides high-definition video-on-demand service,
has exceeded 22.80 million. Customer value for our
broadband service has also increased steadily.
Our corporate customer market has also been
expanding. We have focused our resources on
developing corporate services in key industry sectors
such as public administration, finance, transportation,
education, healthcare and energy, while at the same time
broadening our product portfolio of dedicated lines, IDC
(Internet Data Centres) and converged communications
such as IMS (IP Multimedia Subsystem). In 2016, we
served 5.45 million corporate customers and generated
an increased proportion of product-related revenue.
Our corporate telecommunications and informatisation
services revenue continued to grow and accounted for
approximately one-third of the total market.
We continued to grow our digital services in 2016
and built the world’s largest dedicated core network
for the Internet of Things, with the total number of
connections exceeding 100 million. We enhanced the
user experience for our Internet service customers
by further increasing the website access success rate
and shortening front-page loading latency for the top
100 most-visited websites. We applied the innovative
distributed caching technology in our video services,
increasing the download speed by 3 times. Our mobile
payment service “and-Wallet” enjoyed stable growth
and recorded a total transaction amount exceeding
RMB1 trillion.
To provide impetus to collaboration with external parties,
we introduced a number of new service systems in
2016 including launching external services for OneNET
platform and the smart home gateway platform, as
well as further developing the telecommunications
capability open platform and the unified authentication
platform. We are progressing the application of big data
technology to support our precision marketing. Our
data analytics are now augmented with external service
capabilities such as improved public security and credit
scoring, further unleashing creativity within our services.
REGULATION AND COMPETITION
It has been the management’s resolute belief that China
Mobile needs to be proactive in adapting to regulatory
changes in order to capture opportunities amid intense
competition. Such an approach would maintain the
initiative of increasing the company’s value, as well as
meeting shareholders’ expectations in a responsible way.
The focus for regulators in 2016 continued to be
“speed upgrade and tariff reduction”. We were fully
dedicated to complying with regulatory requirements
by lowering the service cost and increasing efficiency,
so that our customers can continue to benefit from
our business success. In 2016, data traffic tariff was
lowered by 36% compared with the previous year.
At the same time, based on our strategic visioning on
the regulatory direction, we have taken an orderly and
balanced approach to mitigate the risks associated with
the cancellation of domestic long-distance and roaming
tariffs by proactively removing standalone non-flat rate
domestic long-distance and roaming packages from our
current product portfolio and focusing our promotional
efforts on the sales of flat-rate packages. The results of
this initiative have so far been satisfactory.
The State has announced that a new round of “speed
upgrade and tariff reduction” policies will be launched
this year in order to promote the development of
“Internet+” and growth of the digital economy. The
policies will require operators to further enhance
network infrastructure and increase Internet bandwidth
while cancelling handset domestic long-distance and
roaming tariffs from October 2017. In addition, the
policies also require operators to reduce substantially
the dedicated Internet access tariffs for small and
medium enterprises (SMEs) and lower international longdistance
call tariffs in the year. We expect that the new
policies will have certain impact on our 2017 operating
results1. However, we believe these initiatives will, in
the long run, accelerate our transformation towards
predominantly data traffic and digital services. We will
maintain close communication with regulators to make
the best operating decisions and find the sweet spot
between “speed upgrade and tariff reduction” and the
need for our stable and long-term development.
The focus of industry competition has been shifting from
network, products and services to a new and higher
plane that is more concerned with the platform and the
ecosystem.
On the one hand, cross-disciplinary convergence has
intensified competition in the industry. Telecommunications
operators, Internet companies as well as device and
terminal manufacturers have all been strengthening their
digital capabilities, in order to occupy a position further
up the value chain and extend their core competence.
On the other hand, a new competition landscape in basic
telecommunications services has emerged, whereby
our competitors are seeking multi-layered cooperation
to provide 4G business. Our competitors have been
granted permission to refarm a valuable spectrum to
develop the 4G network, offering them complementary
advantages when they cooperate with Internet
companies to grow their data traffic operations.
Against this backdrop, we see a clear need to
establish our own competitive advantages and, in the
meantime, take bold and innovative steps to provide
new momentum for growth by entering new business
areas such as the broader digital services industry.
This emerging competitive landscape will challenge
us to consolidate around our core strengths while also
deepening our relationships with other participants on
the open platform, as we work to create a harmonious
ecosystem.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
We have always upheld the principles of integrity,
transparency, openness and efficiency to ensure good
corporate governance and strict compliance with the
rules and regulations on listed companies. With an
emphasis on risk management, we continue to enhance
our risk and internal control mechanisms to ensure
effective risk detection and management, strengthen
our supervision of key issues, prevent business risk in
critical areas, and finally to close any gaps in business
management process to ensure sound and quality
operations.
For a more detailed analysis of our corporate
governance, please refer to the “Corporate Governance
Report”.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND
ACCOLADES
We wish to excel as a corporate citizen and become
a leading industry player in fulfilling our social
responsibilities.
We have endeavoured to narrow the digital divide and
continuously improve mobile communications and
broadband Internet services in villages and remote
areas of China. As of the end of 2016, we have, by
fulfilling universal service obligations, introduced wireline
broadband access to 4,909 administrative villages
cumulatively, and our wireline broadband services have
achieved an increasing rural coverage ratio. We have
also launched innovative applications in areas such as
rural healthcare and smart grazing to offer more inclusive
information services.
We have invested dedicated resources to protect our
customers’ interests by ensuring privacy and information
security, with the help of cutting-edge technology and
effective management. In 2016, we suspended and
blacklisted 1.96 million nuisance call numbers and
intercepted more than 100 million fraudulent calls from
overseas.
China Mobile has been taking proactive actions to
alleviate its impact on climate change. We have
implemented a “Green Action Plan” over the last 10
years, with the aim of reducing energy consumption
and carbon emissions in the course of corporate
development. In 2016, overall energy consumption per
unit of information flow decreased by 36% from the
previous year.
Through our China Mobile Charity Foundation, we have
sponsored professional training for more than 90,000
primary and secondary school principals in villages in
Central and Western China cumulatively. We have also
funded surgeries for 3,633 children with congenital heart
disease cumulatively.
Our continued efforts in governance and corporate social
responsibility have gained us widespread recognition in
the community. In 2016, China Mobile received the “Best
Managed Large Cap in China” award from financial
magazine Asiamoney and “The Asset Platinum Award”
from The Asset. Most recently, Corporate Governance
Asia presented the Company with the “Asia’s
Outstanding Company on Corporate Governance” award
and the “Asian Corporate Director Recognition Award”.
We have been included in the Dow Jones Sustainability
Indices for the ninth year in a row. In addition, China
Mobile was the first and only company from Mainland
China to be awarded a position on CDP’s 2016 Climate
A List.
In 2016, Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s continued to
maintain our corporate credit ratings at the same level as
that awarded to China’s sovereign ratings.
FUTURE OUTLOOK
Looking ahead, China’s ambition to become a
“Cyberpower” and the implementation of the
“Internet+” initiative will boost data usage and create
new growth opportunities for the information and
telecommunications industry. As well as being a driving
force for infrastructure and strategic progress, this
initiative will also raise the bar for industry players when
it comes to innovation and quality. We will proactively
align our business objectives with these developments,
seizing opportunities as they emerge, rising to new
challenges and making headway alongside our “Big
Connectivity” strategy.
First, we will take a more macro and comprehensive
view of the entire market. We will explore business
opportunities, attract new customers, broaden our
revenue base, optimise our business structure and
continue to innovate. We will establish operations
that capitalise on the potential of fast-growing areas
to facilitate our business transformation from mobile
communications between people to a business model
that is driven by the “four growth engines”. Such 
a model will extend all of our connections to join
people and things, and also connect things with each
other. This will lead our evolution from a domestic
telecommunications operator to a global service provider
with a strong international network.
Second, we will build a strong foundation that will
enable the growth of our comprehensive network.
We will leverage our advantages in 4G to reinforce our
transmission network and upgrade it in a coordinated
manner that supports our business transformation.
While we accelerate the transition to a cloud-based NFV/
SDN network, we will step up our efforts to conduct
research and tests on 5G technology. We will also
construct our application infrastructure to encompass
areas such as cloud computing, big data, the Internet of
Things, industrial Internet and content delivery networks.
Third, we will strengthen our capability. We will
expedite the top-down design and secure resources
to strengthen our own core competence for business
expansion in IT, big data and universal platforms. We
will continue to innovate within our digital services
product range, develop specialised competencies
along the vertical value chain, bolster our research and
development capability to support the growth of a worldclass
innovative company while establishing an open,
integrated platform and service system.
Finally, we will create a mechanism that will generate
greater synergies. Through this mechanism, our
operating procedures will become flatter and more
customer-oriented. By looking for more effective ways
of cooperating externally, we hope to pursue a more
balanced approach to development and increasing
synergies on the open platform.
2017 is the year of China deepening supply-side
structural reform, and is also a milestone year for the
implementation of our “Big Connectivity” strategy.
We will spare no effort, maintain the high standards
investors expect of us and deliver more favourable
results and returns to our shareholders. In the event
that the policy environment matches our expectations,
in 2017 China Mobile will strive to maintain revenue
growth from telecommunications services above the
industry average, while also delivering industry-leading
profitability.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT ON THE 20TH
ANNIVERSARY OF LISTING
This year marks the 20th anniversary of China
Mobile’s public listing. From the 1987 launch of the
first generation analogue mobile network in Mainland
China, to the extensive use of the 4G network and our
pioneering research and planning for 5G technology
today, China Mobile has always been able to anticipate
and capture developing industry trends, address
customer needs and forge ahead on this miraculous
journey. In just two decades, our revenue has grown by
68 times, profit increased by 24 times and our market
capitalization expanded by 13.5 times. As I write to you
now, China Mobile boasts the world’s largest network
and customer base, industry-leading profitability and
market capitalization. I am proud to say that all of these
factors combine to make China Mobile a world-class
telecommunications operator.
I would like to take this opportunity to express my
heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders for their continued
endorsement and loyalty, to our customers for their
unwavering support and trust, to our staff for their
relentless efforts and selfless dedication, to the wider
community for their support and to our various partners
for their valuable collaboration. Without our strong
relationships with all of these groups, it would not
have been possible for China Mobile to scale the everextending
heights on this wonderful journey.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would also like to
extend my most sincere gratitude to Mr. Xue Taohai,
who has retired from his positions as Executive Director,
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company. Mr. Xue has served important roles in China
Mobile and made a tremendous contribution to the
development of our Company over the years.
As we develop, China Mobile remains committed to
realising our vision of becoming the global leader in
digital innovation and successfully implementing our “Big
Connectivity” strategy. All of us here at China Mobile
will continue to strive for a better digital future and, in
doing so, look forward to delivering greater value and
returns for our shareholders, customers, staff and other
stakeholders.
Shang Bing
Chairman
23 March 2017, Hong Kong