Chairman s Statement The Group continued to accumulate infrastructure resources while improving fundamental network abilities to provide solid support for the transition from mobile communications operations to innovative full service operations. We further improved our cable transmission capacity, accessibility of corporate customer IP-VPN lines, as well as the ability to introduce Internet content and adjust internet traffic. By the end of 2013, the Internet traffic on-net rate reached 91%. With fixed-line business licensing authorized in December 2013, the Group has become a full-service operator. By adhering to our principles of high standards, product differentiation, and with a focus on investment returns, we are devoted to developing our transmission network, public Internet and broadband network. We will leverage the advantage of our 4G network and develop wireless broadband access to speed up the formation of second-mover advantage in the full-service.
Reform and Innovation We pushed forward reform and innovation by building our organization structure, management model and supporting mechanism in line with our strategy of productivity development. To support our strategic transformation, we actively explored best practices in centralized management, operational specialization, market-oriented mechanisms, the building of a flat organization and the standardization of processes.
The Group gradually built up its professional operations capacity in devices sales, international business, corporate customer business and Internet of Things (IOT). We improved our network capability in our international business, and launched international voice roaming and data products with a clearer and simpler tariff structure in order to lower customer s costs, further improving customer perception. We further promoted the corporate customer business. Revenues from IDC and corporate customer IP-VPN lines grew dramatically. We also accelerated the construction of an IOT platform, released Vehicle Guard proprietary devices and various communication modules, and concluded the development of the first IOT special 
The Group further deepened centralized management to take full advantage of its scale. We steadily promoted the construction of centralized infrastructure for our data centers, call centers and R&D centers. The Group also started building a procurement sharing service center, and established a unified electronic system for procurement to promote transparency in the procurement bidding and tendering process. Our International Information Harbor and five major logistic centers have been put into operation while our Southern Base expanded its function.
We continued to improve our ability to manage the Group in a more scientific and refined manner in order to reduce cost and enhance efficiency. We vigorously promoted scientific innovation and optimized our research process to enhance organic growth and core competitive advantages. We led the industry in terms of standardization and patent products. The Group actively explored a quantified performance-based compensation system and human resource management to stimulate organizational vitality.

Abiding by corporate governance principles of integrity, transparency, openness and efficiency, the Company ensured best corporate governance practices by strictly following the listing rules and requirements. We continued to improve our legal risk management system, and thereby strengthened the legal support for our innovative developments and organizational reform. We further improved our internal audit and control by monitoring key operational hotspots and continuing to strengthen supervision of key areas and segments such as tenders, procurement and the cooperation business to establish and improve our risk control system. Meanwhile, the Group also focused on development quality and efficiency by actively seeking to increase income and reduce expenditure, to ensure the healthy operation of the business.

Looking ahead to 2014, the Chinese government has set the general direction for steady domestic economic growth, and encourages the development of strategic emerging industry sectors, information consumption, and the integration of industrialization and informatization. These will provide us with a favorable environment. The information industry is in a period of continuous technological innovation, with the emergence of new businesses, the formation of new industry landscapes and the accelerated popularization of smart devices. The large scale commercialization of 4G has officially ushered in the mobile Internet age, which is characterized by smart devices, wireless broadband and cloud computation. The communications operators have entered into a period of data traffic operations, where the increase in data traffic will become the most important driver of growth. This has provided us with greater opportunities and broader room for development, and enables us to remain optimistic in the mid-to-long term development prospects. We face challenges brought about by an accelerated substitution effect in the traditional communications business by Internet services, fiercer competition among traditional operators, and increasing integration of the upstream and downstream business along the industry chain, all of which has put considerable pressure on the Group s value growth. The government is adopting policy adjustments in relation to inter-connection settlement, mobile business resale and expansion of the mobile number portability trial, which will also affect the development of the Group.
Facing such opportunities and challenges, we will actively explore the industry landscape by following trends in the mobile Internet age and confidently focusing on our strategic vision of Mobile Changes Life . We will accelerate our transformation by deepening the development of Four-Network Coordination, actively expanding mobile Internet and innovatively promoting full-service operations. We will strengthen our reform efforts and reinforce our organizational structure, incentive mechanism, management model and supporting system. We will achieve this by improving top-level design, promoting process optimization and implementing a project management model, to form the momentum needed for strategic transformation. We will vigorously push forward the development of 4G service. We will provide a high quality network with wide coverage to ensure high-speed Internet connection for customers regardless of their location. We will lower 4G user threshold by achieving global compatibility, economy of scale production and lower cost of devices. We will build new business access in the mobile Internet era through a unified communications service with the features of New Call, New Messaging, New Contacts. We will push forward with the transition of business development from voice to data, maintaining and creating competitive advantages, to pursue the healthy development of the Group in the 4G era.
We will look for appropriate external investment opportunities in an active but cautious manner, and strive to broaden our presence in the market to support the transformation and development of the Group.
We will persevere as always and strive to create value for investors.

