and augment the role of the independent non-executive directors and, following the establishment of the audit committee and remuneration committee, further established the nomination committee. The Company also strengthened its internal controls and internal audit function. All these measures were implemented with the aim of protecting the Company s assets and ensuring the accuracy and reliability of information regarding the Company s financial position.
Furthermore, the Company has significantly enhanced transparency and, in particular, has introduced the practice of releasing certain key operating statistics on a quarterly basis and periodically updating the Frequently Asked Questions forum on its Internet web-site. The Company is at the forefront in this regard among blue chip companies in Hong Kong.
In June 2001, the Group issued RMB5 billion of corporate bonds in Mainland China. The bond offering not only marked the Company s successful entry into Mainland China s capital markets, but also broadened the Company s financing channels and investors base, thereby enhancing the Company s capital structure and lowering financing costs. The bond offering has also provided valuable experience, which will benefit the Company, should it conduct even larger capital markets transactions in Mainland China 
The outstanding performance of the Company won popular recognition and acclaim from various sectors. In 2001, the Company received the Best Managed Company, China award from FinanceAsia, ranked first in Business Week s list of Largest Emerging-Markets Companies , and for the second time ranked first in the professional financial journal, CFO Asia s The Performance 100 Awards , and received the Top Value Creator in Asia award from CFO Asia. In 2002, the Company ranked third in terms of revenue in FORTUNE s list of The China 100 , was selected as Best in Corporate Governance, China by The Asset, and ranked first in the Best Financial Management in the China division by FinanceAsia.
The Company has always focused on investing in Mainland Chinese 
opportunities that offer high growth, such as the current acquisition of mobile telecommunications assets, in order to create shareholder value.
As a result, although the Company has a substantial cash balance as well as strong and sustained cash flow, the Board does not recommend the payment of a dividend for the 2001 financial year. The Board will review its dividend policy upon the conclusion of the current acquisition project. The Board intends to commence paying appropriate dividends in subsequent financial years on the condition, however, that the Company s business operations, financial and cash flow position, capital expenditures and other related considerations are appropriate. In particular, the Company must be assured that financial resources available at that time will be sufficient to achieve sustained and favourable long-term growth and complete investment or acquisition projects that will create 
Looking over the past year, I am pleased with the results but, at the same time, I am compelled by a sense of mission and purpose.
Looking ahead, our goal is to further extend our reach to generate even greater returns for our shareholders.
With the global economic slowdown, the development of the 
worldwide has also moderated significantly over the past two years.
However, Mainland China is still one of the most active countries in terms of global economic development.
The relevant government authority has estimated that Mainland China s economy will maintain an annual growth rate of approximately 7 per cent. over the next few years, and that the telecommunications industry in Mainland China will also maintain a relatively rapid growth rate. When compared with more advanced nations and regions of the world, the mobile telecommunications penetration rate in Mainland China is still very low.
This implies that the Group still has vast potential for development. In addition, the introduction of CDMA and Xiaolingtong services has perceptibly influenced the competitive environment of the Mainland Chinese telecommunications market. In response to these changes, we intend to implement a number of measures, taking into account the current level of tariff charges, to respond to the needs of the market and to improve operational efficiency. Targeting the specific needs of customers, these measures, including further market segmentation, brand name re- positioning and the maintenance and consolidation of market share in the high-value customer segment, and the active cultivation of the latent potential high-value subscriber market, are aimed at bolstering the Company s sustained rapid growth.
Utilising the Group s advanced mobile networks, its broad and solid customer base and its quality brand name, as well as through the Group s ever improving and expanding service offerings, we firmly believe that the Group will continue to maintain a relatively high growth rate and its position as the market 
Following Mainland China s entry into the World Trade Organisation (WTO), the telecommunications industry regulatory environment in Mainland China will become more orderly and transparent. The proposed division and reorganisation of China Telecom has also been confirmed. These changes will enable the Group to become more pro-active in its business operations and to better realise operational flexibility, as well as improvements to its cost controls and operational efficiency. The Company will, on a consistent basis, persist in pursuing business development strategies that will combine organic and external growth.
In relation to organic growth, the Company will continue to strengthen its internal management, realise operating synergies, continue research and development and develop new businesses. As for external growth, we will continue to focus on our long-standing strategies of actively identifying acquisition opportunities of quality mobile telecommunications assets in Mainland China. With the vast development potential of the Mainland China mobile telecommunications market, and with the support of our shareholders, I am confident and optimistic about the Company s prospects. On the premise of emphasising customer value, we will strive to maximise our enterprise value and generate greater returns for our shareholders.
I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere thanks to all shareholders and members of various sectors who have expressed their care and support for the Company.
To Mr. Antony Leung Kam Chung, who resigned from his post as a director of the Company last year, I wish to express my gratitude. I would also like to express my warmest welcome to Sir Chris Gent and Dr. Lo Ka Shui as new members of the Board. Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my deep and sincere thanks to all employees for their hard work over the past year.

