CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
In 2014, the transformation from business tax to value- added tax and the adjustments of interconnection settlement standards had significant impact on our financial results, and the Group s operating revenue was RMB641.4 billion, up by 1.8% compared to the previous year, of which, revenue from telecommunications services was RMB581.8 billion, down by 1.5% compared to the previous year. Data business showed a positive growth momentum with revenue of RMB253.1 billion, up by 22.3% compared to the previous year and as a percentage of revenue from telecommunications services increased to 43.5%, of which, revenue from wireless data traffic reached RMB153.9 billion, up by 42.2% compared to the previous year. Data traffic business became the primary driver of revenue growth, leading to a further optimized revenue structure. The Group proactively optimized its resources allocation, directing resources to key areas affecting its core competitiveness including accelerating 4G development, enhancing network capabilities and improving customer services quality. Profit attributable to equity shareholders decreased by 10.2% compared to the previous year to RMB109.3 billion, and the margin of profit attributable to equity shareholders was 17.0%. EBITDA was RMB235.3 billion, down by 2.1% compared to the previous year, and EBITDA margin was 36.7%. EBITDA was 40.4% of revenue from telecommunications services. The Group continued to maintain favorable profitability.
RAPID 4G DEVELOPMENTS By firmly seizing the arising opportunities, the Group spared no effort to promote 4G business and accomplished transcending 4G developments.
Leveraging on our first-mover advantages in 4G, we swiftly established our 4G network capabilities. We started up 720,000 4G base stations and established the world s largest quality 4G network covering a population of more than one billion people, realizing nationwide continuous coverage in almost all cities and counties as well as data hotspot coverage in developed rural towns and villages. Through expanding coverage and improving reliability of our network quality, we improved customer experience and laid the foundation for our first-mover advantages in 4G network capability.
We proactively guided the development of the device supply chain to launch 4G devices of more diversified models at more affordable prices. We accelerated our customer migration to 4G network by offering new integrated tariff plans and providing more convenient and quicker upgrade services, and the number of our 4G customers demonstrated an accelerating growth momentum. As at the end of December 2014, our 4G customer base exceeded 90 million and 4G customers DOU reached 780MB. Meanwhile, we have launched 4G international roaming services in 71 countries and regions, and accelerated the global development of TD- LTE through the efforts of GTI (Global TD-LTE Initiative).
The transcending 4G developments established our leading position in the market and laid a solid foundation for the sustainable and healthy development of the 
REFORM AND INNOVATION The Group strengthened its efforts in reform and endeavored to promote entrepreneurship and innovation. Adhering to the principles of centralized management, operational specialization, market-oriented mechanisms, the building of a flat organization and the standardization of processes, the Group constructed new infrastructure and developed products and services for specialized operations and further enhanced its capabilities to achieve sustainable growth in future.
We made notable new achievements in specialized operations. With respect to devices, we significantly reduced the costs of distribution channels and increasingly diversified device models. Smart phones under our own brand priced at around RMB1,000 have been exported to and sold in European and Asian markets. With respect to corporate customer operations, we launched Mobile Cloud, 4G multi- function automobile devices and On-Board Diagnostics Box devices and steadily improved our network- wide service capabilities. With respect to international business, we endeavored to lower international roaming settlement costs, launched the innovative international fixed data packages and unlimited daily data plans, and vigorously developed 4G international roaming services to persistently improve customer perception.
Further, we successfully acquired equity interests in True Corporation, a telecommunications operator in Thailand, and commenced operations of our Global Network Center in Hong Kong, significantly enhancing our capabilities and ability to provide international network services. We have established China Mobile Online Services Company Limited focusing on centralized services and channel-based operations as well as MIGU Company Limited focusing on mobile Internet digital content services. We are now under way to jointly set up an internet of vehicles company, namely, Virtue Intelligent Network Company Limited, with Deutsche 
We strengthened centralized management. With extensive promotion of our electronic procurement and tendering system, our centralized procurement was continuously improved. We established the centralized platform for data security to focus on handling indecent information. We also further strengthened centralized management of sales outlets and promoted the reform of centralized network operations and maintenance system. Moreover, there was steady progress in the construction of modern infrastructure such as centralized data centers and call centers. We also commenced construction of research centers in Suzhou 
The Group achieved new progress in its innovative development. We published the integrated communications white paper on New Communications, New Messages, New Contacts and developed the initial capabilities for pre-commercial operations. Through optimizing the consolidation and operations of digital contents products, subscription increased continuously.
In addition, we promoted the transformation of marketing system, optimizing our tariff structure and marketing model, invigorated customer-oriented product innovation and promoted the transformation of operations model encompassing various aspects including networks, marketing, services, channels and 
Looking ahead, as China s economic development enters a new phase with new norms, the Chinese government will endeavor to maintain stable economic growth, implement key projects including information networks and integrated circuits, formulate the Internet+ Plan and promote the combination of mobile Internet, Internet of Things, cloud computing, mega data, etc. with modern manufacturing industries, thereby creating a favorable macro-environment for the development of the information and communications industry. In the meantime, in light of the accelerated innovation of information technology, the accelerated development of smart devices and the complete opening up of the 4G era, social dependence on digital lifestyles has become more entrenched. The demand for digital services such as mobile healthcare, mobile education and mobile finance continues to increase, and will form a new round of consumer demand. All of these will open up a broad market for the sustainable development of the industry.
Nonetheless, we are facing severe challenges from intensified competition from two aspects. With respect to competition in Internet, cross-generation innovation and cross-sector competition are endlessly emerging while the substitution effect of OTT business has become more intensified and is branching into competition for customers, network bypass and re- shaping of the industry landscape. With respect to competition within the industry, the competition among traditional operators focusing on existing customers and business and data traffic will be further intensified, with a more diverse range of competitors in a more complex competitive landscape. In addition, adjustments of the relevant government policies will also lead to considerable impacts on the Company s development.
Looking ahead, the Group will focus on the strategic vision of Mobile Changes Life , firmly seize the favorable opportunities arising during the golden period of data traffic operation and for developing digital services, accurately embrace the development trends of the three growth curves in voice, data traffic and digital services, continue to adhere to quality and efficiency, promote business redeployment, innovation and strategic transformation to strive for breakthrough. We will persistently bolster our leading advantages in 4G business, foster digital services and further reform in our system and mechanism to cultivate new prospects for sustainable and healthy developments amid the mobile 
We will look for appropriate external investment opportunities in an active but cautious manner, and strive to broaden our presence in the market to support our transformation and development.
We will preserve as always and strive to create value for 
