Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board (the Board ) of Directors (the Directors ) of Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am very pleased to present our first annual results after the successful listing of our shares (the shares ) on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 12 December 2013. The listing has marked the beginning of a new chapter for the Company and opened up brand-new opportunities for the Group s future growth.
During the year under review, the Group s performance was satisfactory and achieved impressive profit growth. As compared with 2012, revenue of the Group rose by about 28.3% to approximately HK$1,967.5 million in 2013. Our net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by about 153.5% to approximately HK$303.8 million in 2013. Basic earnings per Share was 7.33 HK cents, as compared with 3.43 HK cents last year. A final dividend of 1.8 HK cents per Share is proposed, subject to the approval by the shareholders (the Shareholders ) of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the Annual General Meeting ).
I present below an overview of the business of the Group during 2013 and key development highlights for the coming year.
RECOVERY IN SOLAR INDUSTRY AND NEW CAPACITY TO MEET DEMAND With the recovery of the solar industry in 2013, the Group recorded satisfactory revenue growth in both domestic and export sales. During the year, the demand for solar modules and hence solar glass products in the PRC, United States, Japan and other Asian countries increased significantly. To meet the growth in the market demand, the Group re-commenced the commercial production of a production line in Wuhu in March 2013 following completion of equipment modification and upgrade. As a result, the aggregate daily production capacity of the ultra-clear photovoltaic raw glass (the Raw Glass ) of the Group had increased from 1,500 tonnes at the end of 2012 to 2,000 tonnes in March 2013. The average selling prices of the solar glass products, after experiencing significant price pressures in the past two years, remained stable in the first half of 2013 and increased gradually in the second half of the year.
The Group will continue to expand its production capacity so as to capture the new business opportunities arising from the favourable policies and stimulation measures that have been rolled out in China as well as other countries to promote the use and development of solar energy. In view of the better-than-expected growth in the solar industry, the Group has accelerated the installation of two new ultra-clear photovoltaic raw glass production lines, each with a daily production capacity of 900 tonnes, in Wuhu. Subject to market conditions and the progress of construction, these two production lines are expected to commence commercial production in the third quarter and fourth quarter of 2014, respectively.
FLEXIBLE AND PROACTIVE MARKETING STRATEGIES TO ENHANCE AND DIVERSIFY CUSTOMER 
The Group has built a strong customer base that includes leading solar module manufacturers and glass processing companies in China and overseas. With increased production capacity, the Group will be able to satisfy different requirements of its customers for solar glass products in different thicknesses, sizes and functionality. China is the most important market of the Group and accounted for about 85% of the Group s revenue in 2013. Because of the shift in the global demand for solar products to the PRC, Japan and North American markets, the percentage of the Group s revenue derived from the European Union market has been decreasing in recent years. Direct export of the ultra-clear photovoltaic processed glass (the Processed Glass ) to the European Union market accounted for less than one per cent. of the Group s total revenue in 2013. Therefore, the Directors believe that the imposition of provisional anti-dumping duty by the European Commission on ultra-clear photovoltaic processed glass imported from the PRC would have no material adverse impact on the Group s business. The Group will continue to adopt flexible and proactive marketing strategies to enhance and diversify its customer base in the PRC and overseas markets.

As a leading solar glass manufacturer, the Group continues to collaborate with its customers to improve the solar transmittance level and reduce the defect rates of its solar glass products in light of the latest development trends. An example of these improvements is the application of anti-reflective coating on the surface of Processed Glass. This coating can reduce the light reflection of the glass surface and thus improve the solar transmittance rate, thereby increasing the energy conversion efficiency and power output of the solar modules. To ensure its product quality, the Group also established and maintained stringent quality control and assurance standards and inspection procedures at each critical step of its production process.
HIGHER PRODUCTION AND COST EFFICIENCY The Group strived to enhance its competitiveness by seeking continuous improvement in its production process and producing solar glass products in a more cost-effective manner.
In 2013, economies of scale arising from the increase in melting volume allowed the Group to reduce its fuel and raw material consumption as well as other fixed costs. Automation and more streamlined production process were also introduced to save labour costs. These measures, together with better management of raw materials and the increasing use of electricity generated from residual heat generation system and roof-top solar panels, enabled the Group to have a better control on the overall production cost and mitigated the impact of rising price pressure of natural gas and certain raw materials.
As of 31 December 2013, the Group installed 35MW roof-top solar panel power system at its Wuhu production complex.
STRATEGIC EXPANSION INTO SOLAR FARM BUSINESS In light of the favourable government policies for solar energy industry in the Mainland China, the Group is looking for opportunities to expand its business downstream. Leveraging its experience in constructing the roof-top solar panel power system at its production plant, the Group plans to invest in solar farm and related facilities in selected provinces of the Mainland China for the purpose of enhancing these business activities and investment to become one of the important source of revenue of the Group. Currently, the Group plans to construct 250MW solar farm power generation system in Anhui province in the PRC. In addition, the Group will proactively consider and explore other investment opportunities in both solar farm and solar power distribution program in addition to the production and sales of solar glass products.
The Directors anticipate that the solar farm business would generate a stable investment return for the Group. It is also complementary to the Group s solar glass business with new customers and new product development and new product applications, all of these are expected to increase the sales of the Group s solar glass products.

In the previous decade, solar energy market has been one of the fastest growing renewable energy sector. Nevertheless, solar power only accounts for a small percentage of the global power generation market, which means that there will be huge development potential for the use of solar power in the future.

As solar power is one of the cleanest forms of alternative energy, many countries have provided strong support to the use of solar technology through incentive measures and policies, such as formulating on-grid tariffs or policies to encourage the use of roof-top solar technology. Benefiting from supportive government policies and incentive schemes, the demand for solar products in China, the United States and Japan experienced a significant growth in 2013. The Directors expect that these countries will continue to be the major driver for demand growth in the coming year.
China has become the world s largest solar module and solar glass production base. Other than the rapid development of its solar module manufacturing industry, China has substantially increased its construction of solar power generation facilities.
According to the China National Energy Administration, China has recently raised its target of installed photovoltaic capacity for 2014 to 14GW. With increasing environmental awareness and emphasis on renewable energy, it is expected that the capacity of photovoltaic installation will further increase in China and other countries. Leveraging its experience in constructing the 35MW roof-top solar power panels at its production plant, the Group is well positioned to increase its investment in the solar farm 
Our Group has successfully demonstrated our ability to maintain the market leadership and has gained greater market share by seizing the great market opportunities in China and overseas. With an improved market outlook signaled by the rebound in trend indicators since late 2012, we remain optimistic about our future development and look forward to generating further growth and achieving more business breakthroughs not only in our existing solar glass business but also in our solar farm 
We are well positioned to benefit from the increasing market demand and supportive government policies for solar energy, which we believe would pave the way for substantial growth in our Group s future business.
LEE Yin Yee, M.H.

26 February 2014 