Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to present the audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2014. The completion of construction and on-grid connection of our utility-scale ground-mounted solar farms during the year marked an important milestone in the Group s downstream business development. In addition, the Group has significantly increased its ultra-clear photovoltaic ( PV ) raw glass ( PV Raw Glass ) daily melting capacity from 2,000 tonnes at the beginning of 2014 to 3,800 tonnes at the year end. In terms of production capacity, the Group has already largely outperformed its peers in the solar glass industry. Integration of the Group s upstream and downstream businesses not only provides complementary advantages in expanding the Group s businesses and promoting new products, but also helps to maintain and strengthen the Group s industry leading position.
During the year under review, the Group s solar glass business recorded satisfactory results and the Group s solar farm business also started to have contribution. As compared with 2013, revenue of the Group rose by 22.5% to HK$2,410.0 million and profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by 62.3% to HK$493.0 million in 2014. Basic earnings per Share was 8.42 HK cents, as compared with 7.33 HK cents last year. A final dividend of 2.40 HK cents per Share is proposed, subject to the approval by the shareholders (the Shareholders ) of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the Annual General Meeting ).
CONTINUED AND ROBUST DEMAND GROWTH WITH NEW MOMENTUM FROM ASIA Because of project delay and difficulties encountered in implementing distributed solar farm projects, China s PV demand was slower than the generally expected levels during the first three quarters of 2014. The year-end surge of PV installation, however, drove up the demand in the fourth quarter of 2014. According to the National Energy Administration ( NEA ) in the PRC, new PV capacity of 10.6 gigawatt ( GW ) was commissioned in 2014. The target of 14 GW could not be achieved. Nonetheless, PV installation remained strong and was very close to the record-high level of 11.3 GW in 2013. This, together with the high demands from North America, Japan and other Asian countries, primarily drove the growth in the global PV demand during the year. The demand from the European countries, even though it was improved during the second half of 2014, remained relatively weak amid declining government support and incentive programmes. In 2014, the Group s sales to the European countries represented less than 1% of the Group s total revenue. Rapid development of PV installations in Asian countries has occurred and is expected to continue in the coming years as the use of solar energy (as an alternative energy) is generally at a low level in the region. The Board expects that the growth in the developing PV markets will outpace the slowdown in the well- established markets and is optimistic about the outlook and the prospects of the global PV market.
CAPACITY EXPANSION AND EFFICIENCY IMPROVEMENT To achieve a more sustainable global environment, the increasing use of renewable energy is irreversible. Because of efficiency improvement, unit cost for PV systems continues to decrease. The global PV demand, particularly in Asia, is poised to grow strongly in the coming years, even though challenges may be encountered in some countries.
To meet the rapidly increasing demand, the Group has expanded its production capacity by installing two new PV Raw Glass production lines (with a daily melting capacity of 900-tonne each) in Wuhu, Anhui province, the PRC during the year. Production of these two new production lines started in the third and fourth quarters of 2014, respectively, thereby increasing the Group s daily melting capacity to 3,800 tonnes by the end of 2014.

The benefit from the economies of scale will keep the Group to stay ahead of its competitors, operate in a more cost- efficient manner, mitigate the impact of increasing prices of natural gas and other production costs and increase its overall 
PRODUCT ENHANCEMENT AND PRODUCT MIX OPTIMISATION The Group has also continued its efforts in improving the quality of its existing products, which include enhancing the transmittance rate and lowering the defect rate of its solar glass products. In addition, the Group also collaborated with its customers on product innovation and new product development and applications. An example of this is the double glass module. By using thinner solar PV glass as the front cover and semi-tempered glass as the back cover, the overall transmittance efficiency and durability of solar module can be improved.
As part of its overall marketing and product development strategy, the Group has extended its focus on the sales of ultra clear PV processed glass ( PV Processed Glass ). This trend is expected to continue in 2015. As such, the Group has upgraded the processing facilities of its tempering and anti-reflective coating processes during the year. Given the higher selling price and better margin of PV Processed Glass over PV Raw Glass, the Board expects that a higher percentage of sales will be generated from the sales of PV Processed Glass. This would improve the overall profit performance of the Group.
DIVERSIFIED PRODUCTION BASES FOR FUTURE EXPANSION As a strategic step to diversify its production base and strengthen its overseas sales, the Group has started its expansion plan of constructing a solar glass production plant in Malaysia, which includes one PV Raw Glass production line (with a daily melting capacity of 900-tonne) and corresponding downstream processing facilities. These developments would promote the sales of the Group s solar glass products to Malaysia and other Southeast Asian countries.
DOWNSTREAM SOLAR FARM BUSINESS NEW EARNINGS DRIVER Leveraging the experience in constructing distributed roof-top PV electricity generation systems for its own use, the Group has launched several utility-scale ground-mounted solar farm projects in 2014 and will continue to proactively explore the investment opportunities related to ground-mounted solar farm and distributed PV generation system.
The Group s downstream solar farm business started revenue contribution in the fourth quarter of 2014. During the year of 2014, construction and on-grid connection of two ground-mounted solar farms with an aggregate capacity of 250 megawatt ( MW ) were completed. Other than these, solar farm projects with an aggregate capacity of 100 MW are under construction and expected to be completed in the first half of 2015. These projects include a 30MW facility in Nanping, Fujian Province, a 50MW facility in Huanggang, Hubei Province and a 20MW facility in Bozhou, Anhui Province.
For the distributed PV generation projects, the Group completed the installation of 13.1MW and 25MW roof-top solar panel system at its Wuhu and Tianjin production plants, respectively, in 2014. The electricity generated from these systems is for self- consumption by the Group.
As an initial move to expand its solar farm engineering, procurement and construction ( EPC ) business, the Group entered into an EPC contract of RMB750 million in January 2015 for the installation of distributed solar farms (mostly individual household systems) in Anhui Province, the PRC. To the Group, this contract has not only tapped a new revenue stream, but also serves as a model that the Group may apply to its EPC business in future.

As affected by project delay and lower-than-expected installation for distributed generation system, the target of PV installation of 14GW in 2014 in China was not reached. This represents a natural cooling down after the explosive growth in 2013. Given the growing concerns about the environmental and social benefits of using green energy as well as the increasing competiveness of PV power as compared to other source of energy, the Board expects that robust development in China s PV market will continue in the coming years.
Other emerging PV markets such as Africa, the Middle East and Latin America, are also on the brink of starting their development. With the PV potential progressively unleashed in these countries, the global PV market growth is expected to be impressive in the coming years.
The Group always looks for ways that it can enhance its product quality and operational efficiency. With the production know- how and technical experience learned from the newly installed 900-tonne PV Raw Glass production lines, the Group is now pursuing some modifications and upgrades of its 500-tonne PV Raw Glass production lines. The upgrading work commenced in the middle of February 2015 for one of these production lines in Wuhu. This upgraded production line is expected to resume production in the middle of 2015. Later and if appropriate, the Group may consider performing similar modifications and upgrades on its other 500-tonne PV Raw Glass production lines.
Recognising that the increasing use of dual glass modules is a future trend, the Group will strengthen its marketing efforts in this direction for the year ahead. In addition, the Group will adjust its production facilities so as to increase the supply of back glass (which is used as the back sheet to support the solar module) and reduce the thickness of the solar glass it produces accordingly.
In January 2015, NEA issued a consultation paper regarding the 2015 PV installation target in China. The proposed target is 15GW for the year, with distributed and ground-mounted PV power plants of 7GW and 8GW respectively. Given the favourable government policies and for the purpose of achieving a more balanced and stable revenue stream, the Group has set its sights on further expansion of its downstream solar farm business. The Group has already witnessed a success in its on-grid connection of 250MW ground-mounted solar farms and 38.1MW distributed roof-top projects during 2014. Looking ahead, the Group will seek other similar investment opportunities to expand its downstream business in the value chain.

Over the years, the Group has successfully demonstrated its ability to maintain the market leadership and has gained greater market share by seizing market opportunities in China and overseas. By moving to the downstream solar farm business, the Group has advanced to another stage of growth. Parallel progress in both the solar glass and solar farm businesses will continue.
Moving forward, the Group will focus on implementing cost saving and efficiency improvement measures, product innovation and market development as well as strengthening its financial position to pave the way for sustainable growth in its solar glass and solar farm businesses.
LEE Yin Yee, M.H.

1 March 2015 