Chairman’s Statement
On behalf of the Board (the “Board”) of Directors (the “Directors”) of Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (the “Company”), I am
pleased to announce the audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) for the year
ended 31 December 2016.
The Group recorded encouraging results in both solar glass and solar farm businesses for the year ended 31 December 2016. As
compared with 2015, revenue of the Group rose by 26.5% to HK$6,007.1 million and profit attributable to equity holders of the
Company increased by 64.7% to HK$1,985.6 million in 2016. Basic earnings per share were 29.42 HK cents, as compared with
18.53 HK cents for 2015. A final dividend of 6.0 HK cents per share is proposed, subject to the approval by the shareholders (the
“Shareholders”) of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the “Annual General Meeting”).
GROWTH MOMENTUM SHIFTED TO ASIA AND INCREASING OPPORTUNITIES IN EMERGING
MARKETS
The continuous decreases in the costs of solar power systems, together with the government policy in different countries seeking
change in their energy mix to meet climate change control and development goals, have resulted in the robust growth of global
PV installation in 2016, with China, the US, Japan and India as the top four major markets.
In 2016, China out-performed all other countries and recorded an unprecedented level of solar power installation. PV
deployment in the US was still trending on an accelerated track amid the extension of solar investment tax credits. However,
solar installation in Japan was beginning to falter as a result of repeated tariff cuts and the difficulty in securing land after several
years of rapid growth. India was making concerted plans and substantial progress in solar development in 2016. Actually, India is
an ideal market for solar power given its high solar irradiation, low electrification levels, relatively high energy costs and growing
concerns about greenhouse gas emissions. It is likely to emerge as an important growth driver for the global solar market over
the next few years. Asia was the fastest growing region in 2016. Other than China, Japan and India, PV installation also rapidly
took off in Thailand, Korea, Vietnam and Taiwan.
EXPLOSIVE GROWTH AND A ROLLER-COASTER RIDE OF CHINA’S PV MARKET
Despite the slowdown of economic growth, China continued to lead the world in new PV capacity installation and achieved
record-breaking additions in 2016. According to the NEA, new PV capacity of 34.54 gigawatt (“GW”) was commissioned in
2016, a 128% increase compared to the installation of 15.13 GW of capacity in 2015. This stunning 34.54GW figure included
certain portions of the PV actually installed in 2015 but only connected to the grid in 2016. The cut off impact and aggressive
yearly targets for 2015 (17.8GW plus an additional 5.3GW announced in March and September 2015, respectively) and 2016
(18.1GW announced in June 2016), combined with the installation rush ahead of the next round of tariff cuts, led to the
explosive growth and a roller-coaster ride for China’s PV market in 2016.
The year of 2016 was full of opportunities and challenges for the solar industry in China. In response to the rapidly changing
market environments and increased competition in the solar glass market, the Group has adopted a proactive and flexible
marketing strategy to boost sales, explore new market opportunities and expand its customer bases.
CAPACITY EXPANSION FOR FUTURE GROWTH
Timely expansion of capacity has enabled the Group to capture the growth trend in the global PV market and boost its market
share. During the PV installation rush in the first half of 2016, the demand for solar glass largely outstripped the supply.
Although the resumption of a ultra-clear PV raw glass production line in October 2015 — with a daily melting capacity of 500
tonnes upgraded to 600 tonnes — has helped increase the supply of the Group, the rise in market demand has far exceeded
expectations and caused the Group’s inventory to drop to a very low level in June 2016. To sustain further growth, it is
important for the Group to expand its solar glass production capacity.
In 2016, the Group increased its aggregate daily melting capacity from 3,900 tonnes to 5,800 tonnes, further strengthening
its position as the world’s largest solar glass manufacturer. Two new ultra-clear PV raw glass production lines were installed in
November 2016 in Malaysia and Wuhu, Anhui province, the PRC, with melting capacity of 900 tonnes/day and 1,000 tonnes/
day, respectively. In February 2017, the Group added another new ultra-clear PV raw glass production line with melting capacity
of 1,000 tones/day at Wuhu, Anhui province, the PRC, further boosting its daily melting capacity to 6,800 tonnes.
Increased production capacity can further enhance economies of scale and synergies to achieve overall cost reductions. The
establishment of a production site in Malaysia can help the Group better serve its customers in Southeast Asia, explore other
overseas markets, enjoy preferential import duties and reduce shipment time and costs.
COST AND PRODUCTION EFFICIENCY IMPROVEMENT
The encouraging performance of the Group’s solar glass business owed much to the cost savings resulting from the
technological breakthrough of using glass melting furnaces with a melting capacity of 900 tonnes/day and improved overall
efficiency promoted throughout the year. The Group is committed to enhance its production and operational efficiency on
an ongoing basis in order to become more cost effective and price competitive. Related measures include streamlined and
automated production processes, continuous technological advance and strengthened operational management as well as
reduction and re-use of packaging materials.
MORE COMPETITIVE BUSINESS LANDSCAPE
The business landscape of solar farm development in China has undergone vast changes in 2016, shaped by the FiT cuts,
competitive bidding for quota allocation and continuous improvement and declining cost of solar technologies.
In January 2016, the NEA released a draft guideline to optimise the solar project quota allocation process by requesting the
provinces to introduce a competitive bidding mechanism for solar project quota awards. Selection criteria should include tariff
pricing, technology, investment capability, progress of preliminary preparation work for the project, overall site usage and
application, contribution to and impact on local economies, creditworthiness of the bidders, etc.
To encourage cost reduction through greater innovation and higher efficiency, the NDRC has been periodically adjusting the FiT
rate. It announced the reduction of FiT for Zone 3 by 2% to RMB0.98/kWh in late 2015 and by a further 13% to RMB0.85/kWh
in late 2016.
The FiT cuts and introduction of competitive bidding for quota allocation have raised concerns about the level of investment
return on solar farm projects. However, given the substantial and continuous decline in solar installation costs and thanks to its
strong development and execution capability, the Group has recorded satisfactory results from the solar farm and solar power
generation business in 2016 and remains optimistic about the growth of this business segment in the future.
INCREASED CONTRIBUTION FROM SOLAR FARM PROJECTS
Since the completion of the Group’s first utility-scale ground mounted solar farm in late 2014, its accumulated approved
grid-connected capacity increased continuously and substantially from 250MW as of 31 December 2014 to 610MW as of 31
December 2015, and further rose to 1,464MW as of 31 December 2016, not including the joint venture solar farm projects and
distributed generation projects. With the higher grid-connected capacity, the solar farm and solar power generation business
notably boosted its revenue and profit contribution, accounting for 17.5% and 28.3% of the Group’s total revenue and gross
profit for the year ended 31 December 2016.
Grid curtailment and delay in subsidy payments remain the two major challenges to PV development in China. As all solar farm
projects of the Group are located in regions with high electricity demand, such as Anhui, Hubei, Henan, Fujian and Tianjin, the
Group has not experienced any grid-curtailment issues. Although there is no immediate solution to the subsidy delay problem,
the Group believes that the higher renewable energy surcharges and the lower FiT could relieve the financial pressure of the
Renewable Energy Development Fund and speed up the solar subsidy payments. Since January 2016, the NDRC has increased
renewable surcharge by 27% from RMB0.015/kWh to RMB0.019/kWh. In August 2016, two solar farm projects of the Group
with aggregate capacity of 250MW were enlisted on the government’s 6th batch of renewable energy subsidy catalogue and a
backdated subsidy payment of HK$68.9 million was received in the last quarter of 2016.
CONTINUOUS INNOVATION TO ENHANCE DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITIES
The Group’s strengths in solar farm development rest on its competitive development costs, experiences in the solar value chain
and the continuous technological innovation. Double-glass modules are widely used in its new solar farm projects to reduce the
degradation and enhance the durability of solar modules. Continuous cost-benefits analyses are conducted to examine the use
of the latest solar technologies such as mono crystal silicon solar cells, bifacial solar panels, solar tracking systems and rotating
platforms in the Group’s solar farm projects.
Utility-scale ground mounted solar farm projects require large piece of land areas to operate. Therefore, different mounting
technologies such as elevated mounting on cultivated agricultural land and water surface mounting on fish ponds are used by
the Group for sites with different topographical conditions to ensure efficient land use. Given the limitation on land resources,
these can enhance the development opportunities of the Group. In March 2016, the Group completed the installation of a
20MW floating solar power farm in Huainan, Anhui Province. By using abandoned coal mining subsidence areas, this solar farm
can be installed on a large scale without taking up precious land. Solar modules installed closer to the water surface can help
to provide a better cooling effect and hence improve the efficiency of power generation. In October 2016, the Group secured a
tender for a 150MW project of similar kind in Anhui — solid testimony of its advanced technology and innovation capability.
EPC SERVICE — TO EXPLORE THE POTENTIAL OF THE DISTRIBUTED GENERATION MARKET
The Chinese government has increasingly focused on developing the country’s PV distributed generation market. China’s 13th
Five-year Plan indicates that by 2020, national distributed power generation is expected to reach 60 GW. In addition to the
self-developed ground-mounted solar farm projects, the Group also engaged in several residential and commercial distributed
generation EPC projects in 2016. EPC services, though not a key profit contributor to the Group, can help exploit potential of
the distributed generation market and broaden its presence in the PV downstream market.
In April 2016, the Group acquired 60% equity interest in Polaron Solartech Corporation (“Polaron Solartech”) for a
consideration of Canadian Dollars 1.50 million (equivalent to HK$8.96 million). Polaron Solartech is a company specialising in
residential and commercial distributed generation projects and has completed approximately 300 residential projects in Ontario,
Canada in 2016. The Ontario Sustainable Energy Association has honoured Polaron Solartech with the 2017 Powering Prosperity
Award: The Most Innovative Business Model, in recognition for its significant contribution to the advancement of Ontario
residential solar sector. Through the investment in Polaron Solartech, the Group aims to gain more PV development experience
in different distributed generation markets.
BUSINESS OUTLOOK
With socio-political volatility in different parts of the world and the uncertain global economic outlook, the Directors expect
both the PRC and the international business environments continue to be volatile and challenging in 2017. After the massive
PV installation in the past few years, tempered growth is expected for the two largest PV markets, China and the US. Emerging
markets in Asia will continue to drive the global PV growth in 2017.
Technological advancement and efficiency improvement, helped by the increased scale of deployment and rising competitive
pressures, will further drive down installation costs and continue the solar revolution, enticing different countries to implement
PV technology to boost green energy and adjust their energy mix.
In order to tackle air pollution problem, China has shown no sign to indicate that its support for renewable energy will waive.
NEA announced in June 2016 the implementation plan to add 18.1GW PV capacity over the 2016 to 2017 period. This, together
with the additional quota released in late 2016 and early 2017 to eight provinces with capacity of more than 5.3GW and the
5.16GW for the PV poverty alleviation project, bring China’s installation target close to 30GW before taking into account the
distributed generation capacity. The rush to meet quota deadlines in the first half of 2017 can breed additional downstream
demand and help sustain the growth momentum of the solar glass market. The newly added solar glass production capacity —
three ultra-clear raw glass production lines with aggregate daily melting capacity of 2,900 tonnes/day — can help the Group to
grasp the growth opportunity and increase its market share. Through capacity growth and efficiency improvements, the Group
aims to enhance its overall competitiveness and reduce the adverse impact of market volatility on its business.
For the development of the Group’s solar farm, the original installation target of 1.7GW cumulative capacity by end of 2016
was missed because of the delay in the granting of quota. As at 31 December 2016, the Group had grid-connected solar farm
projects with a capacity of 1,647MW, which included 510MW from wholly-owned projects, 954MW from projects held by
75%-owned subsidiaries, 100MW from a project held by a joint venture and 83MW distributed generation projects. In light
of the declining installation costs and lower-than-expected FiT cut in China, the Group will continue to boost its investment in
utility-scale ground mounted solar farm projects and aims to achieve an installation target of 600 to 800MW in capacity for
2017.
Since listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in December 2013, the Group has achieved significant
business growth in its solar glass business, while expanding its business footprint in the downstream development of solar farm
projects. Revenue and profit contribution from solar power generation has continuously and substantially increased since the
completion of the Group’s first utility-scale solar farm project in 2014. In light of this, the Group has started the preparation for
the proposed spin-off of the business of the solar farm projects operated and managed by the Group.
CONCLUSION
Continuous efficiency improvement and innovation have helped the Group rise above the volatile and challenging market
conditions and reinforce its leading position in the solar industry. Leveraging on its solid foundation and competitive advantages,
the Group will continue the concurrent development of its solar glass and solar farm business. Given solar farm business is a
long-term and capital-intensive investment, the Group will strive to explore different financing alternatives and optimise its
capital structure to strengthen its financial capability and reduce its overall finance costs.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank our fellow Board members, shareholders, customers, suppliers, business partners
for their continuing support to the Group, and to all the employees for their valuable contribution during the year.
Datuk LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.
Chairman
Hong Kong, 28 February 2017