Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board (the Board ) of Directors (the Directors ) of Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to announce the audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2015.
Although the global macro-economic conditions fell short of expectations and performed badly in the last quarter of 2015, the Group achieved satisfactory results in 2015 by capitalising the benefits from the economies of scale, improved cost control and greater production efficiencies. Solar glass shipment volume increased to a new record level, whilst the solar farm installations also rapidly increased, further strengthening the Group s leading position in the industry.
With timely expansion of the solar glass production capacity adding two 900-tonnesday ultra-clear PV raw glass production lines in the second half of 2014 and an upgrade of a 500-tonnesday PV raw glass production line to 600-tonnesday in 2015, the Group managed to capture the continuous growth in the global PV market and increase its market share in the solar glass 
As compared with 2014, revenue of the Group rose by 97.1% to HK$4,750.4 million and profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by 144.6% to HK$1,205.6 million in 2015. Basic earnings per Share was 18.53 HK cents, as compared with 8.42 HK cents for 2014. A final dividend of 4.50 HK cents per Share is proposed, subject to the approval by the shareholders (the Shareholders ) of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the Annual General 
RISING DEMAND IN MAJOR PV MARKETS Diversifying the energy mix with a higher percentage of solar energy remained the driving force for the growth of the global PV market. In 2015, the leading drivers of growth continued to be China, Japan and the United States ( US ), which are the same as in 2014. Nevertheless, other countries and some emerging markets also showed significant increase in the installation levels.
The global macro-economic conditions changed dramatically in the last quarter of 2015. Those changes, however, did not have any material adverse impact on the solar market. China still has a strong installation trend in the second half of the year 2015. Favourable feed-in tariff policies, albeit that they were less favourable than before, sustained the upward trend of the PV investment in Japan. The PV addition levels in the US stood high amid the extension of 30% solar investment tax credit to the end of 2019. With continued expansion of the downstream application market, the upstream solar glass market is expected to expand as well.
STRONG CONTINUED GROWTH IN CHINA PV MARKET The PV installation in China remained strong and set a new record in 2015. According to the National Energy Administration ( NEA ), the new PV capacity of 15.13 gigawatt ( GW ) was commissioned in 2015, which accounted for more than a quarter of the total global newly installed capacity in 2015.
China is committed to the increasing use of renewable energy as a way of tackling its air pollution issues. In the past few years, its PV development has been supported by a favourable feed-in tariff program and aggressive annual installation targets.

Delay in the subsidy payments and grid curtailment in some provinces were two major challenges to China s PV development in 2015. To encourage innovative development and shift towards the intelligent production, the China National Development and Reform Commission ( NDRC ) announced in late 2015 a solar feed-in-tariff cut by RMB0.1kWh for zone 1, RMB0.07kWh for zone 2 and RMB0.02kWh for zone 3 from 1 January 2016 for newly approved projects. The cuts in feed-in tariff also raised market concerns. However, with the declining component costs through technology advancement and efficiency improvement, the attractiveness of solar farm projects and the growth momentum of the PV market remained strong.
CAPACITY EXPANSION, QUALITY ENHANCEMENT AND EFFICIENCY IMPROVEMENT As a leading manufacturer in the global solar glass market, the Group is committed to enhance its product quality and competitiveness on an ongoing basis. During the year, the Group upgraded a 500-tonnesday PV Raw Glass production line, which has resumed operation in October 2015 with a daily melting capacity increased to 600 tonnesday. To further improve its operational efficiency and competitive edge, the Group has implemented different measures by improving the manufacturing technologies and the production process, streamlining the operational procedures and refining and strengthening the procurement and logistics functions so as to increase the productivity and the production yields.
Leveraging the cost savings resulting from the technological breakthrough of using glass melting furnaces with a 900-tonnes day capacity, the Group plans to reinforce its leading position by expanding the production capacity at different strategic locations. Currently, the Group s expansion plan includes: (i) a 900-tonnesday solar glass production line in Malaysia and (ii) two 1,000-tonnesday solar glass production lines in Anhui province, the PRC. The Group is in a position to continue to take advantage of the economies of scale to reduce the manufacturing costs of its glass products and achieve efficiency growth rates which are generally higher than the market average.
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AND CHANGE IN PRODUCT MIX The Group is ahead of its competitors in promoting the use of back glass as the back sheet of solar modules. The design of double glass module offers not only much higher reliability and longer life, but also cost savings by eliminating the aluminum frame used in the conventional modules. Sales of back glass, though not a significant amount compared to the Group s total sales of solar glass, showed a significant growth in 2015. The Group will continue to explore business opportunities arising from the increasing use of back glass.
Given the higher average selling prices and the higher profit margin of the ultra-clear PV Processed Glass over the PV Raw Glass, the Group continues to adjust its marketing strategy, and focus on the PV Processed Glass. In 2015, the sales of the PV Processed Glass contributed 94.4% of the total amount of the revenue of the Group s solar glass business compared with 90.0% in 2014.

ACCELERATING SOLAR FARM DEVELOPMENT A KEY GROWTH DRIVER In 2015, the Group has substantially increased its investment in solar farms at different locations in China. This provides not only a sustainable investment return in the long run, but also offers complementary advantages in promoting the sales of the Group s solar glass products. The Group has connected solar farms of 360 MW to the grid in 2015 and 250 MW in 2014, raising its total grid-connected capacity to 610MW. Because of certain delays in grid connection, the solar farm projects of 150MW and a jointly-owned 100MW solar farm (owned as to 50% by the Group) commenced operation in January 2016 and another 174 MW are still under development and expected to commence operation in March 2016.
The Group has always upheld the principle of persistent innovation to enhance the efficiency of electricity generation and the economic benefits of its solar farms. A double glass module with higher durability and lower efficiency loss has been used by the Group in its newly built solar farms. In addition, the Group has continued its efforts in exploring various technologies and designs, such as solar-powered greenhouses, rotating platforms and solar tracking systems for solar panels and floating PV systems on water surface so as to strengthen its long-term development capability.
Given the increasing support for distributed generation ( DG ) from the PRC government and its improving economics, DG may experience a high penetration growth over the years to come. During 2015, the Group provided engineering, procurement and construction ( EPC ) services to its customers in several commercial and residential DG projects. The main purpose for implementing these EPC projects was to gain further understanding on the market potential and readiness, instead of developing it as a core business of the Group. The Group plans to participate in additional number of EPC projects, particularly poverty alleviation programs. However, the development priority for the coming years will continue to focus on the utility scale ground-mounted solar projects.
ALTERNATIVE EQUITY FINANCING CHANNEL AND UNLOCKING THE VALUE OF SOLAR FARMS Since the listing on the Main Board in December 2013, the Group has been primarily relying on two financing sources to develop the solar farm business, namely (i) bank borrowings and (ii) new issue of shares by the Company. However, additional bank borrowings will be limited by the Group s capacity to incur additional indebtedness and new issue of shares may dilute the shareholding of the Company s existing shareholders. The establishment of the Xinyi Energy Group can provide an alternative equity-financing channel that would not result in a continuous or immediate dilution to shareholding percentages of the existing shareholders of the Company. Through the disposal of some of its equity interest in the solar farm projects, the Group can unlock the value of the solar farms and increase its equity base.

Given the economic setbacks, falling oil and commodity prices and financial volatility, both the PRC and international business environments remain uncertain and the economic development will continue to face many difficulties and challenges in the forseeable future. However, due to the decreases in the cost of solar equipment and the installation costs, as well as favourable policies by different governments, the global PV market is expected to continue to grow in the years to come, helping to drive the demand for solar glass products.

The Group believes that its expertise and technical know-how in manufacturing solar glass, as well as its strong customer base, continues to differentiate the Group as a leading supplier of different types of high-quality solar glass products, enabling the Group to be well positioned to take advantage of the growth opportunities. Thus the Group will continue to expand its solar glass production capacity. The economies of scale enable the Group to stay ahead of its competitors and operate more cost effectively. Currently, there are three new solar glass production lines under construction. A 900-tonnesday solar glass production line in Malaysia and a 1,000-tonnesday solar glass production line in Anhui province, the PRC are expected to commence operation in the fourth quarter of 2016. Another 1,000-tonnesday solar glass production line in Anhui province, the PRC is expected to commence its commercial operation in the first quarter of 2017.
China is undergoing energy reform with an aim to reduce its dependence on coal and fossil fuels. In 2015, it added 15.13GW of new PV installations, representing more than 40% growth over 2014. According to the consultation paper Solar Power Development in the 13th Five-Year Plan (2016 to 2020) released by NEA in late December 2015, the installation target as at end-2020 will be 150GW. Meeting the target would require an average annual new installation of about 21GW over the next five years, implying a high growth potential for the solar sector.
The cuts in solar feed-in-tariff for the newly approved projects in 2016 announced by NDRC in late 2015 would force the enterprises to reduce the cost through greater innovation and efficiency. This will result in consolidation in the value chain, following which the leading companies with strong innovation capabilities and higher efficiency would continue to expand and the less efficient companies would be phased out.
As a result of its constant efforts over the past few years, the Group has made substantial progress and laid a solid foundation for its long-term development in the downstream solar farm business, paving the way for its sustainable growth in the highly competitive fast-changing operating environment. By the end of the first quarter of 2016, the Group is expected to have an installed solar farm capacity of 934MW and a 100MW joint venture project owned as to 50% by the Group generating electricity and connected to the grid driving its long-term performance. On top of this the Group currently targets to install solar farm capacity about 700MW in 2016. The Group plans to continue to leverage its superior project execution capabilities and diversify funding channels to enhance the return on its solar farm projects and to improve its overall competitiveness.
Notwithstanding the global economic uncertainties and different challenges faced by the solar industry, the Group will continue to drive the parallel development of its solar glass and solar farm businesses. Looking ahead, the Group will step up its effort to further strengthen cost controls and improve efficiencies, invest in product innovation and development, exploit new market opportunities and enhance its financial position to seize the vast opportunities in the upcoming surge of PV deployment.

Over the years, the Group has successfully demonstrated its ability to maintain the market leadership and exploit market opportunities in China and overseas. It will continue to seek parallel advancements in both the solar glass and solar farm businesses and adhere to business strategies that have proven to be highly successful. Looking forward, Xinyi Solar will strive to strengthen its cost control and risk management, focus on new product and market development as well as production and operation efficiency improvement, and enhance its financial position to pave the way for sustainable growth in its solar glass and solar farm businesses.
I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciations to fellow Board members, shareholders, customers, suppliers, business partners and all the employees for their continuous supports and contributions to the Group during the year.
Datuk LEE Yin Yee, B.S.S.

15 March 2016 