Chairman s Statement 
v This year marks a key milestone for L Occitane International S.A. (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (together, the Group ) with net sales surpassing the billion euro mark.
v During the year ended 31 March 2013 ( FY2013 ), taking advantage of its consistent financial performance, the Group continued investing for its future growth whilst maintaining sustainable business performance: " Strong double-digit top-line growth; with 14% growth in 
" Russia and China continued to be our fastest growing 
" E-commerce remains a key growth driver 
Our global retail expansion strategy remains on track and we continue to open in new locations and to embark on important renovations in various markets globally.
For FY2013, the Company s net sales crossed the billion euro mark and marked a key milestone with the total number of our own retail stores increasing to 1,198 and net own store openings of 135 during FY2013, excluding the acquisition of our distributor in Ireland.
The Company remains committed to building a brand portfolio consisting of high quality brands that are rich in natural and organic ingredients of traceable origins and respect for the environment. Over time we have expanded our portfolio and we now have five brands (L Occitane en Provence, L Occitane au Brsil, Melvita, Le Couvent des Minimes and Erborian).
The Company will continue to invest and build the core L Occitane en Provence brand s premium position and at the same time increase research and development, product and marketing efforts to broaden the depth and accessibility of each brand in our brand portfolio. This is to ensure that we are keeping up with evolving consumer expectations and remain relevant in the cosmetics 
In terms of brand portfolio updates, L Occitane au Brsil, a brand extension of the core L Occitane brand, was launched on 15 May 2013. It is sold in the existing L Occitane en Provence stores exclusively in Brazil.
The customer feedback has been good and we expect to launch its independent retail concept store in Brazil once we have developed its full range of products.
With Melvita, the new management for the brand has created a strong team. With the continued commitment and well executed strategies that are being tailored to develop the brand, we are seeing progress and these initiatives have enhanced consumer acceptance and the new products being launched have been well received.
We expect to amplify product development efforts for Melvita and extend the range for categories with higher margins, such as skin care, body oils and floral waters.
Furthermore, Le Couvent des Minimes has begun developing wholesale activities internationally starting with the United States and Japan.
Erborian, the new brand addition, has been developed with a French marketing approach based on Korean herbal ingredients. Our current objective is to expand its current network channels and diversify its product 
Overall, we believe the L Occitane en Provence brand will continue to grow for years to come and at the same time we are confident that the investments in the small and new brands will yield potential returns which will help drive strong performance for the Group in the long run.
As we strive to build a strong brand portfolio, we continue to aim for operational excellence to enhance our business platform. In terms of our retail investment, we accelerated investment and remained on track with our global retail network expansion strategy. The store renovation program accelerated with 74 renovations and relocations during FY2013.
As the Company prepares for further growth ahead, we have restructured and expanded our warehousing and logistics capacity with the addition of 18,000 sqm international warehouse in Manosque and increased our logistics capacity in Europe and Hong Kong. The new factory in Lagorce has improved our manufacturing capacity and the re-building of the main Manosque factory is on track and the first production batches were issued in April 2013.
During the year, SAP was implemented in Hong Kong and several European countries and the Group s new Point of Sales system was implemented and expanded to further countries in Asia, Europe and America.
Our continued investments in digital media continue to yield strong results and the E-commerce channel remains the fastest growing channel for us during FY2013. We continue to take the opportunity to develop traffic, recruitment and purchase frequency, thanks to our accelerated investments in the new web platform and the development of our customer relationship management (CRM) system.
Looking ahead, the Company remains committed to its overall corporate strategy and expects to accelerate its retail investment with new stores and continue the upgrade of our retail network. At the same time, we will enhance our research and development efforts to strengthen our innovation, engage customers through our digital initiatives, achieve operational efficiency and combine organic and external growth.

As we continue to extend the Company s topline growth platform, we will further expand our retail stores network notably in markets such as Russia and China and in other developed countries. In Japan, the Group will expand its presence with two new large format stores which will bring the opportunity for more business and an enhanced shopping experience for our customers there.
Overall, we will accelerate our store renovation program on a global basis and implement further digital initiatives to drive brand awareness and image to boost sales on the web and across the channels.
Building on our investments to increase research and development, the innovation focus will be to create new textures, sensoriality, active ingredients and processes.
At the same time, the team will maintain its investments to strengthen the respective brands product portfolios.
We expect the expanded Manosque facility to be operational in November and it will benefit from the implementation of SAP. The United States and Japan, will implement SAP this year, and the team will prepare for further roll-outs in more countries. In view of optimizing the return on our investments in systems and key human resources, we will launch a global assessment of the Company s back-office and indirect 
We believe that in general, demand for natural ingredients-based cosmetics will continue to grow significantly and the combined results of our operational, sales and marketing initiatives will drive growth and deliver strong sustainable results for our shareholders.

17 June 2013 