Chairman s Statement 
We are pleased to report our strong financial results for the year ended 31 March 2012 ( FY2012 ). FY2012 marks a year of important achievements for the Group.
Against the backdrop of a challenging global economy, we continued to invest significantly for our Group s future growth and at the same time, delivered excellent business and financial results.
The Group achieved revenue growth of 18.3% for FY2012 and the gross profit margin rose from 82.5% to 82.7%, reflecting the strength of the Group s core brand, L Occitane. We grew our profit for the year by 20.9% and earnings per share increased by 20.2% from 0.068 to 0.082. With a strong cash position, the Board proposed to raise our dividend payout ratio from 20% to 30%, raising our dividend per share by 83.0% from 0.0135 to 
The Group remained focused on driving our growth in FY2012 through the expansion of our stores network and sustained strong same store sales growth figures in most of our markets, our continued commitment in the emerging countries and success with our sell-in and B-to-B businesses. We are pleased to share that our global same store sales ratio increased to 6.7% in FY2012, an increase from 5.3% last year.

In this context, we witnessed strong performances in several key countries, like China (+52% in local currency), Brazil (+35% in local currency) and Russia (+31% in local currency) and had an exceptional year for Hong Kong (+34% in local currency). China experienced the fastest growth amongst our key countries, largely due to the increased store openings during the last two years and an improved product mix at the retail store level as we were able to increase the importation of new products introduced to the Chinese market, which had significantly improved the inventory situation at the retail 
Maintaining our strategy of investing in our own retail network for future growth opportunities as demonstrated in FY2011, FY2012 was highlighted as the year with the highest number of store openings in our Group s history and the ongoing store renovation program, which is critical to our Group s efforts to upgrade and maintain the optimal retail shopping experience for our customers globally.
Our total stores network reached 2,082 points of sales as at FY2012, an increase of 14% over the same period in FY2011. Our own store network reached 1,053 doors, with 159 net store openings versus 131 in FY2011.
We opened 62 stores in the BRIC countries and in China alone, we opened a net 22 stores. In Russia and Brazil, we opened net 19 and 17 stores, respectively. In addition, we acquired our distributor in Malaysia, where we added 16 stores to our own retail network.
We are pleased to report that our ambitious store renovation program in the USA has shown positive results and we expect to continue the store renovation program this year. The USA confirmed its business turnaround with a 13% growth in local currency and double digit same store sales growth of 10.7%. The US market also had three net openings, including two large format stores in New York, which have renewed and enhanced the core L Occitane s brand s premium positioning in the USA.

During the year, we continued to invest in new projects, digital marketing and resources in product development and operational marketing. We remain confident that our continued investments in our research and development, together with our marketing efforts will help drive the development of our Group s future endeavours with further product innovations and exciting new product offerings.
As we continue to upgrade our existing supply chain, we are pleased to report that our integration of both factories in Manosque and Lagorce has been successful and that our new central warehouse is operational. After the successful implementation of our new enterprise resource system, SAP, which went live during May 2011 in our central distribution entities in France, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, we continued to roll out the system to Germany, Belgium and Hong Kong, smoothly.
We remain confident of our solid business foundation and committed to growing our stores network, promoting innovation within our Group and boosting our supply chain capabilities. We feel that these actions are instrumental in driving our future growth and to achieve synergies and improve operational efficiency.
In terms of future outlook, we will continue to pursue our strategy to develop our brands in strategic channels.
We will further expand our stores network, notably in the emerging markets such as China, Russia and Brazil as well as Japan and other countries in Asia.
In developed countries such as the USA, Germany and the United Kingdom, we will take advantage of the momentum and increase our store base in these markets. Going forward, we expect to continue our strong renovation program in the USA and other countries. We believe that these investments will support our growth and deliver benefits to the Group in the long run.
Following the experience we have gained from the opening of the two large format stores in the USA, with positive feedback and strong sales performance, 
we expect to expand our presence with similar large format retail store concepts in some select trend-setting cities. We believe that this new enhanced retail store experience will create a more heightened shopping experience for existing customers and attract more new customers to our brand. This ultimately helps reinforce our brand image and awareness, which we hope to translate into future increased sales.
Apart from developing our brand through stores expansion, we expect to focus on the digital arena such as internet and e-commerce to drive future sales growth.
The Group expects to devote more resources to digital marketing and potentially increase the contribution from the e-commerce and retail channels. In addition, the travel retail channel is also expected to continue its 
The Group is confident that despite the current challenging economic environment, we should continue to see further progress and developments for the year ended 31 March 2013, as we expect the demand for natural cosmetics to remain resilient, particularly in the emerging markets, such as Brazil, Russia and China.
Once again, we would like to take this opportunity to thank our staff and management team for providing this solid business platform for us to deliver these strong financial results. We will strive to maintain our efforts to build and take our company to the next level. Whilst the Board recognizes that current investment activity is likely to impact returns in the short term, it remains confident that the Group is being positioned to deliver longer term earnings growth and increasing shareholder returns on a 
18 June 2012 