Chairman s Statement 
Our investments in the business platform and efforts to improve operational efficiency had resulted in strong financial and operating performance for FY2015.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 1 June 2015 
In FY2015, we continued to build a stronger company, to deliver sustainable growth for the long term. As we focused our investments in strategic initiatives to address the growing demand for our portfolio of brands, we continue to develop our emerging brands. Our balanced approach to promote revenue growth and selective investments for the emerging brand remains intact and sets our foundation for future growth maintaining a premium positioning, delivering lasting growth and leading as a key player in the global beauty and personal 
This report represents our efforts and success that we have produced during this financial year with highlights that include the following: " All key markets delivered growth in local currency - China, Hong Kong, Brazil and Russia were the best performers, growing at 20.1%, 13.1%, 10.6% and 
" The continued investments in product innovation, merchandising, digital and customer relationship management ( CRM ) initiatives, marketing as well as sales distribution channels enabling us to strengthen our business platform. We have adopted a selective multi-channel approach to boost sales, especially in the fast-growing digital and travel retail channels.
" As part of the multi-channel strategy, we expanded with new openings and key retail upgrades projects globally. The focus to integrate our physical and digital platforms to create a unique customer centric brand experience across all touch points continues to support our fastest growing, E-commerce, which accounts for more than 8.7% of our retail sales. With the launch of L Occitane 
on Tmall, the year saw the partnership with one of China s most efficient platforms and our ambition for digital to become a key channel through both our own and third parties digital platforms.
" The positive turnaround in Japan market reflected our endeavor in executing a consistent strategy over the last few years and highlights our premium positioning. Being our largest market, Melvita s remarkable performance in Japan presents us with an excellent opportunity to build the brand and unlock its potential for further growth.
" The successful implementation of SAP in our factories and key markets marks our major progress in pursuing operational excellence. Other key developments in FY2015 included efforts to develop the supply chain infrastructure, technology and process investments. We continued to invest in technology to support the Group s digital and growth ambition. At the same time, we continued our global assessment project to optimize and drive infrastructure efficiency, with clear objectives to track the performance of cost-saving projects that have been undertaken.
" For FY2015, the Group posted strong financial results with a balanced development focus on revenue growth and further investments. It continues to hold a net cash position and its cash balance unchanged while funding the investing activities. In view of the business performance and financial position, the Board maintained its 35% dividend payout ratio and recommended a special divided to show the Group s ongoing focus on creating shareholder value.
The Group will continue to pursue its corporate strategy of achieving sustainable growth with greater efficiency.
Our evolving culture and innovative capability equips to remain adaptive and attractive in the ever-changing global consumer market.

We will continue our ambition to develop natural brands using high quality natural ingredients with their respective heritages. In particular, we will develop and expand our product portfolio of premium products, such as skincare and fragrance, supported by our vertical integrated 
Consistent with our multi-brand strategy, we will strengthen our portfolio of brands, especially for the emerging brands: Melvita, L Occitane au Brsil and Erborian, with additional marketing campaigns. The Group will continue to transform the Melvita brand and launch the Erborian brand in more markets.
In FY2016, we expect to implement a new marketing program to strengthen the L Occitane brand s position in key global markets. Whilst we make preparations to implement a range of initiatives that are focused on digital marketing, marketing communication and product sampling, we will seek investment in attractive flagship stores with optimised footfall and sales conversion. More details and progress will be reported on a regular basis.
Looking ahead, we will continue creating our portfolio of beautiful natural beauty and personal care products for our consumers globally. Our persistence to develop great products, to create a lasting customer centric brand experience with an upgraded retail network and digital platform, combined with the growth opportunities present in our emerging brands will certainly take us to many places and we look to the future with great pride 
