CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
In FY2017, we continued to lay the foundation for longterm
growth, particularly in the areas of marketing,
brand awareness, product development and operational
efficiency. Despite a slower-than-expected start to the
year, during which felt the impact of unseasonable weather,
terrorism attacks and economic and political uncertainties,
we succeed in capping off the year with a resilient sales
performance and highest ever profit since our listing.
This result demonstrates that our omni-channel sales
strategy and brand building efforts have really come to the
fore, particularly when looking at the many bright spots in
our business, namely the rapid growth we are seeing in
emerging markets, particularly China and Brazil, as well as
the growing contribution from all of our emerging brands
– Melvita, L’Occitane au Brésil and Erborian. Whether it is
online or in our retail stores, it is heartening to see growing
demand for L’Occitane’s products made with high-quality,
natural and sustainable ingredients, particularly among
socially conscious millennials.
Our pleasurable challenge now is to find new ways to
engage both regular and new customers and increase our
visibility vis-à-vis the competition - and to this end, we have
many innovative, breakthrough products in the pipeline,
especially in the areas of face care and fragrances, and in
the near future, colour cosmetics. The level of innovation
that we are aiming for is exemplified in the two new
products that we launched in FY2017 –‘Divine Harmony’,
our inspiring range of premium face care products, and 
Commitments are at the
heart of the Group. We are
committed to generous,
caring and eco-friendly
approaches that unlock
the secret of beauty from
natural ingredients sourced
ethically and sustainably.
This spirit is also reflected
in our devotion to charity
works, especially the
“Union for Vision” program
to fight against avoidable
blindness around the world.
‘Terre de Lumière’, our first multifaceted fragrance. Both of
these have been very well received, with the latter boosting
brand awareness in many countries and being named by
The Independent in the United Kingdom as the best buy of
the 12 ‘Best New Fragrances for Spring’ in February 2017.
These two product lines are just the vanguard of what is
to come. In particular, I am very excited about our recent
US$128.0 million investment in U.S.-based LimeLight by
Alcone (‘LimeLight’), an initiative that we hope will speed
up our expansion into the colour cosmetics sector and add
value to our omni-channel sales strategy through its unique
distribution and online sales business model.
Our plans for this investment are ambitious; within the
next two years or so, we plan to expand the business
to several key markets outside of the United States.
LimeLight’s peer-to-peer marketing model will allow
us to do this with minimal investment, to the extent
that we expect LimeLight to quickly grow to be much
larger than our other emerging brands combined.
This goal may seem optimistic, but we truly could
not have found a better partner than LimeLight: a
company that is already profitable after just two years
of operation with no debt or significant obligations. It
offers an impressive combination of great products;
extensive digital, social media and word-of-mouth
presence; and direct out-of-store and relationshipbased
marketing structure – making us extremely
confident about its short-term and long-term growth
potential.
At the right time, we hope to make more highpotential
investments provided that they align
with our corporate ethos of using the best natural
ingredients and respecting the environment. Another
initiative that I am thrilled to share is our plan to
introduce new ‘Sunshine concept’ flagship stores,
which are expected to create more buzz after our
recently renovated Les Halles store in Paris, Flatiron
flagship store in New York City and Shinjuku flagship
store in Tokyo, all of which feature modern design
and memorable state-of-the-art digital technology
experiences that share the true and unique stories
of the L’Occitane en Provence brand. We very much
look forward to opening more of these landmark
stores in key markets in the coming years, including
a new flagship store in Paris as well as another in
London.
The performance of our online channels was
another highlight of FY2017 where it is clear that our
investments are also paying off. Our welcoming and
increasingly personalised self-owned E-commerce
websites, mobile sites, third-party marketplaces and
social media presences have continued to attract
solid traffic and higher conversion rates, so much so
that we are achieving higher proportional revenue
compared to many of our peers in the affordable
premium segment.
Apart from launching new products and exciting
stores, there were many other notable achievements.
For example, our digital marketing and brand
awareness efforts, such as our recent hugely
successful brand ambassador campaign in China
and TV advertisement campaign in Japan, were
also instrumental in driving traffic to our physical
storefronts and E-commerce business.
I am also pleased to report that for the second
consecutive year, we picked up three awards at the
HKIRA 3rd Investor Relations Awards 2017 as we
continue to be recognised for our efforts to engage
with investors and other important stakeholders.
Looking forward to the coming financial year, many
of our priorities will be internally-focused. Further
improving operational efficiency will be essential for
protecting our margins and profitability. At the same
time, the new pricing and merchandising strategies
being implemented by our new Chief Growth Officer
will see a greater emphasis being placed on our
existing and future hero products – our most wellknown
and bestselling skincare product lines that
have proven most effective in introducing new
customers to our high-quality, unique and natural
offerings. Under this strategy, we also plan to testrun
further streamlined and customer-centric store
layouts to provide our customers with an easier, more
navigable and more enjoyable shopping experience,
driving sales growth.
At a more external level, we will continue to
intelligently and efficiently optimise our omni-channel
sales and expansion strategy to enhance 360-degree
consumer experiences, while adding more innovative
and enchanting products and boosting our digital
marketing and brand awareness to better engage
with our customers and indulge their senses. This
will bring us closer to achieving our goal to be
the number one natural brand in the affordable
premium segment and create lasting value for our
shareholders. We thank you for your support.
