Chairman s Statement 
The management team continued its program of investing in digital, retail and R&D with a focus on executing its corporate strategy whilst achieving encouraging growth against a background of difficult foreign exchange and economic environment in many countries.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
With its portfolio of natural brands, the Group operates in a beauty marketplace that has become increasingly competitive and marks as well a period of evolving changes for the consumer sphere. This includes the rise of the digital world as the prized channel for our fast-growing online retail sales and as a means to engage with our younger consumers who are most active in this digital world. Management s actions have been effective and they will continue their plan in responding to this changing environment which is a real revolution.
This report sets out the achievements and progress that we have attained during the year with highlights that include the 
" All key markets delivered growth in local currency. Brazil, China and Russia were the best performing markets growing at 20.8%, 19.9% and 17.4%, respectively at constant exchange rates. The United States market continued to contribute and posted strong sales growth of 11.2% at constant exchange rates.
" The management team has stepped up digital marketing investments to promote greater brand awareness in the digital space and support the higher margin E-commerce retail business which is our fastest growing channel and accounts for about 7% of the Group s retail sales.
These corporate actions are combined with an on-going active customer relationship management program to encourage greater customer engagement and retail sales conversion, both in-store and online.
" As part of our on-going retail development, we increased the total number of own retail stores to 1,295 (FY2013: 1,198). During the same period, the Group renovated and relocated 121 stores (FY2013: 74).

" To ensure that the Group secures a steady pipeline of innovative new products, higher R&D efforts were dedicated to our portfolio of brands for strategic product developments and regulatory issues. These additional investments to increase human and facilities resources for R&D have been executed not only for the original L Occitane brand but also for L Occitane au Brsil, Melvita, Erborian and Le Couvent des Minimes.
" Apart from developing an exciting product portfolio, we continued to create the conditions for the future development of our new brands: including human resources, organisations and distribution. The first L Occitane au Brsil stores were successfully launched and we commenced preparations for the future franchise network in Brazil. At the same time, we further developed the retail concept for Erborian and rationalised Melvita s 
" We have also strengthened the management teams of the smaller brands in order to better position them to maximise their growth potential.
These corporative initiatives executed with the support of a committed management team will transform the Group in its role as the leader in the natural beauty and personal care business in the context of rising competition As we executed our strategy to drive infrastructure efficiency, the Group achieved further progress and successfully completed further roll-outs of SAP in our factories, China and Switzerland during this financial year.
With the support of the new expanded factories and central warehouse, we increased production capacity and implemented further initiatives to deliver greater operational efficiencies, improvement and savings in our logistics and productions costs.
For FY2014, we achieved a balanced development focus on revenue growth and further investments. The Group maintained its net cash position with its cash balance unchanged after funding these investing activities. During FY2014, management continued its global assessment project to optimize and drive 
Lastly, this has been a very challenging year for us and I would like to take the opportunity to recognise the hard work and commitment of our global team and to thank them for their efforts during the year. Our success has only been possible because of the entire team s co-operation and commitment to make the Company a success in the present and for the future.
Looking ahead, we continue to pursue our corporate strategy to build a larger, stronger and more efficient company. The global macro-economic outlook may remain challenged but we remain committed to our vision to invest for the future of our Group s 
