Chairman s Statement 
We are happy to present our strong results for the year ended 31 March 2011.
Despite the slow recovery of the global economy and persisting financial difficulties, we grew our revenues by 26.1% to 772.3 million with the positive contribution of each of our countries and brands. Evidently, our constantly renewed and enhanced natural products and our shop experience particularly appeal to our customers in this context.
The key drivers of our growth in FY2011 were the expansion of the stores network and the clear recovery in same store sales growth, our fast development in the emerging countries and our success with our distributors and travel retail customers. We believe that this is particularly illustrative of the validity of our global, multi-brands and multi- channels strategy, and confirms our outstanding potential for future growth in the years 
We were particularly pleased with our performances in Russia (+40% in local currency) and China where we grew our revenues by 46% despite some regulatory issues, and in more traditional countries like Hong Kong, Korea, the UK and other European countries.
We are also very proud of our achievements in Japan, with a 29% top-line growth (11% in local currency) considering the deflationary environment and the 11 March 2011 disasters. Our team in Japan demonstrated the highest degree of courage and commitment, and managed to almost immediately restore full sales capacity and 
Following on from a more conservative FY2010, FY2011 was marked by major 
Our stores network expanded rapidly, with 131 net store openings versus 77 in FY2010.
In China alone, we opened a net 24 stores. As a result, we operated 71 stores in China as at 31 March 2011, only surpassed by the USA and Japan. We also launched an 
ambitious store renovation program with a strong focus on the USA, where we renovated 34 stores in the first step of this program.
During the year, we put more emphasis on our marketing tools and invested significantly in advertising and direct marketing in several key countries. We also continued strengthening our R&D and marketing teams to support the future development of our brands with further innovative and fresh product offers.
As planned, we implemented the first stages of our two major organizational initiatives.
Our supply chain is being reorganized, and the factories re-modeling and central warehouse projects are on track. Several key modules of our new enterprise resource system, SAP, were developed during the year and went live in May 2011.
We strongly believe that our efforts in developing our stores network and our innovation and supply chain capabilities are decisive to drive our future growth and take advantage of our great potential.
Our profitability remained very solid. Our profit for the year increased by 21.5%, to 102.7 million. As a consequence and in conformity with the indications provided prior 
to our initial public offering, the Board recommended the payment of a dividend for a total amount of 19.9 million, or 1.35 cent per share.
From this very solid platform, we intend to further execute our strategy in the coming years.
Our investments will be primarily directed towards opening new stores in emerging and fast growing countries, further increasing the R&D capacity and developing the awareness of our brands. To this end, we plan to leverage our experience in digital media to launch 
It is also vital in a fast growing business that particular attention is paid to the back office facilities and their ability to support the growth. Our supply chain management will implement new state-of-the-art processes and systems, whilst SAP, in which we see the source of major efficiency gains in the future, will be rolled-out in several countries.
In the emerging markets, Brazil, China and Russia, we now have strong and well staffed subsidiaries. We therefore can and will take advantage of their growth and accelerate their development.
Respect is one of our key guidelines since the foundation of the company, respect especially for people and the environment. Since the beginning, our staff have participated in many humanitarian actions and as a company we have always been socially responsible. With the L Occitane Foundation we work on many projects which make a real contribution to humanity.
The development of our company has been an adventure.
Our continued hard work and striving for clear targets will make us an even stronger company in the future and should bring great rewards also to our shareholders.

27 June 2011 