Chairman s Statement 
Over the past ten years we have succeeded in developing a strong global company. This success has been built on the demand for natural ingredient-based cosmetics which has been and is growing constantly.
Furthermore, we put in place a strong management team and performed a good deal of hard work.
On 7 May 2010 our company was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. This marks for us the beginning of a new era. We view the IPO as a catalyst for growth, allowing us to expand even more quickly than in the past.
2009 has been a year of both ups and downs for the world economy.
Despite this we achieved good results; revenue grew by 13.9% to 612.2 million and profit attributable to equity holders by 39.8% to 81.6 million. Because of these good results during this difficult period, we decided that there was no need for us to delay our IPO project any further. The fact that we were very heavily oversubscribed demonstrates the extent to which investors have confidence in our company.
Continuing to focus on our retail expertise, we opened a net 270 stores and personalized corners this year, reaching a total of 1,541 stores of which 764 are operated by us.
Through the contribution of our sales staff around the world, most regions experienced positive growth with Asia continuing to lead the path.
Thanks to our R&D, marketing and supply chain efforts we launched a very successful global high-end anti- aging product, the new L Occitane Divine Immortelle Cream. This new product was very recently awarded the Innovation award by the French Avantages women s magazine, which 
DURING THE YEAR WE ALSO CONTINUED STRENGTHENING OUR MELVITA AND COUVENT DES MINIMES PROPOSITIONS AND BOTH BRANDS EXPERIENCED POSITIVE GROWTH.

is the number two monthly women s magazine in France.
During the year we also continued strengthening our Melvita and Couvent des Minimes propositions and both brands experienced positive growth.
We are now entering the implementation phases of two key organization projects; namely, the enhancement of our supply chain capabilities and the implementation of SAP as our new enterprise resource planning solution.
These projects will enable us to maximize our ability to grow profitably in the long term.
We have all the tools in our hands to be even more successful in the future. Today there is no other natural cosmetic company with a worldwide distribution like 
ours. No competitor commands the same presence as us throughout the developed countries as well as in all the emerging countries. Therefore, we have secured a strategic advantage and we will do everything possible not only to maintain it but also to increase it.
In summary, we have great potential to continuously grow our company worldwide.

We are far from having reached maturity in these markets, where we will significantly increase the number of stores and further develop other distribution channels; in particular travel retail and e-commerce.

Today we have a strong presence in Brazil, Russia and China and we opened our first store in India last December. It was hard work to get organized and to commence operations in all those markets but today we have effective management teams in place which can and will accelerate our business development.
We are also a socially responsible company. This is not because today it has become a trendy fashion, but rather because with regard to working with natural ingredients, having respect for nature, people and traditions, most of our staff were involved from the beginning in actions to preserve nature and to help disadvantaged people.
With all the employees we form a big team, living an adventure and participating in building what will hopefully become a world leader in our special area. You shareholders have now become a part of this team. We are very proud that you have supported us and we will continue working very hard in order not to disappoint you.

24 June 2010 