LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Shareholders,
We are pleased to announce that SMIC recorded historical highs in all key profitability indices including gross
profit margin, operating profit and net profit for 2015. Notwithstanding the uncertainty in the industry and
a slowdown of demand growth in the smartphone market last year, we achieved great results including profit
growth for four consecutive quarters and an overall utilization rate of over 100% for three consecutive
quarters. It is expected that revenues for the first quarter of this year will also continue to grow. In 2015,
we recorded a historical high in annual revenues of US$2.24 billion, representing an increase of 13.5% YOY,
and continued to achieve full year profitability. Net profit attributable to owners of the Company exceeded
US$250 million, an increase of 65.7% YOY. As of the end of the fourth quarter of last year, we achieved
our fifteenth consecutive profitable quarter. We recorded an annual gross profit margin of 30.5% and an
EBITDA margin around 35%. As of the end of last year, our total debt to total equity ratio was 33.8% and
our net debt to total equity ratio was 3.0%. The Company has maintained a healthy capital structure. SMIC
has secured investment grade credit ratings from both Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s and an AAA rating,
the highest credit rating in China, from CCX, reflecting the Company’s strong business fundamentals for the
past two years and the increasing support and recognition from domestic and international credit rating
agencies and investors. Looking forward, sustainable profitability continues to be our primary objective.
In 2015, contrary to the industry trend, SMIC’s substantial growth reflected the success of our positioning
in China and the successful execution of our differentiation strategy to diversify products and customers. In
2015, revenues from PRC-based customers achieved an annual growth of over 25%. Annual revenues from
our Eurasia region also recorded a growth of over 50%. Last year, revenues from 0.11µm to 0.35µm
technology increased by 4.7% YOY, of which the annual growth rate for sensor-related technology was over
30%. With the launch of new technology and the expansion of capacity, it is expected that our differentiated
processes will generate increasing revenues. In addition, customers’ orders for advanced node processes have
been robust. The capacity utilization in our 12-inch fab recovered rapidly. Despite the inventory correction in
the industry, we maintained significant growth in our revenues from 40/45nm process last year, recording
63% year-on-year growth. We commenced mass production of our 28nm process and began to generate
revenues during the third quarter of last year. During the second half of last year, our 8-inch fab in Shenzhen
and our new 12-inch fab in Beijing commenced production and have installed 13,000 and 6,000 wafers per
month capacity, respectively. In order to capture the market opportunities and strengthen our competitive
edge in differentiated technology, we plan to continue to expand the capacity of these two fabs in order to
meet the growing customer demand this year.
Last year, we incorporated SMIC Holdings Corporation (“SMIC Holdings”), which will assume the role of
regional headquarters, overseeing management functions in the China region. SMIC Holdings was established
as part of SMIC’s integrated strategy to lay the foundation for its long term development. SMIC Holdings
will use the regional headquarters to improve the sharing of company resources and workflow, which will
enhance efficiency in the company’s decision making, increase management capabilities, and reduce
operational costs.
In November last year, we donated a total of RMB300,000 to the Tianjin Charity Association for setting up
the Rehabilitation Fund for Firemen, which will provide rehabilitation services to the firemen injured in the
explosion in Tianjin on 12 August. This is the first fund that SMIC has set up for special rescue service
personnel. We hope to make a contribution to the rehabilitation of those injured firemen through this fund;
as SMIC has an 8-inch fab in Tianjin, this is in line with SMIC’s unwavering objectives of corporate social
responsibility to “care for people, care for the environment, and care for society”.
We are pleased to welcome Mr. Lu Jun to join the Board as Non-executive Director. We believe that his
extensive experience in the investment industry and deep understanding of industry policies will make
contributions to the long-term development of the Company.
2015 was an incredibly successful year, thanks to our comprehensive preparations made in the prior years
by improving our technology and relationships with customers. As we have reached full utilizations and our
28nm technology has entered into mass production, we will increase capital investment in 2016 to address
the capacity constraints and expand our market share. With the availability of new additional capacity, we
target to achieve above-industry-average revenue growth in 2016. We shall continue to benefit from
opportunities brought by the China market, mobile products, smart consumer products, and internet of things
(“IoT”). We are committed to diligently and carefully execute our business plan for the best interests of our
shareholders. We would like to again express our sincere gratitude to all of our shareholders, customers,
suppliers, and employees for their continued care and support of SMIC’s development.
Zhou Zixue TY Chiu
Chairman of the Board and Executive Director Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
Shanghai, China
March 30, 2016