Chairman s Statement 
SMIC strives to deliver long-term value through focused strategies. One of SMIC s main priorities in 2008 was to capture the growing business opportunities in China where SMIC is strategically located, in order to maintain its leading market position. China is the largest and fastest growing semiconductor markets globally. To this end, we have increased our sales to the domestic IC companies in China by 28% year-on-year in 2008 despite a difficult fourth quarter.
Although the China market has been affected by the global financial turmoil, China is in a stronger position than other regions in weathering the impacts of the crisis due to its relatively stable financial and banking system. In addition, the Chinese government s deployment of the RMB4 trillion (equivalent to approximately US$588 billion) economic stimulus package is one of the largest stimulus packages undertaken by nations around the world. This package aims to support key industries such as semiconductor and to encourage Chinese domestic demand such as consumption of products including mobile phones, TVs, computers, etc.
SMIC is well positioned to capture these opportunities and benefits.
The Board took a major step forward in further strengthening our China business by approving the strategic investment and collaboration with Datang Telecom Technology & Industry Holdings Limited ( Datang ), a leader in China s mobile telecommunication technologies and the developer of China s homegrown third generation ( 3G ) wireless standard called Time Division-Synchronous Code Division Multiple Access ( TD- SCDMA ). This alliance is intended to accelerate SMIC s market penetration into the growing mobile telecommunication market and further solidify SMIC s market leadership in China.
The Board will continue to be alert on opportunities that will generate long-term value to our shareholders.
Aside from the business issues, I am pleased to report the following: " SMIC was awarded the Corporate Social Contribution Award from SEMI, the global industry association serving the manufacturing supply chains for the microelectronic, display and photovoltaic industries.
This award is a strong testament of SMIC s commitment to the community and society where it operates.
The Company will continue to set the standards of being a socially responsible corporation and providing exemplary benefits to the public.
" On behalf of the Board, I would like to welcome Mr. Zhou Jie as a non-executive director and Prof.
Edward Yang as an independent non-executive director. Jie s extensive financial experiences from both investment banking and capital market, as well as Edward s in-depth knowledge and expertise in the semiconductor industry will be valuable to the Board. I am looking forward to working with both of 
Despite the challenging market conditions, SMIC is dedicated to improving its overall execution and financial position. I believe that given SMIC s diverse portfolio of products, strong market leadership in China, advanced technology development, and its strengthened financial resources, SMIC is well-positioned to continue delivering long-term value to its customers, shareholders and employees. Finally, I would like to thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers, partners and employees for the tremendous support and understanding they have extended to us throughout the year.
Yang Yuan Wang Chairman of the Board 
April 17, 2009 