2011 was a challenging year. Externally, we experienced a supply chain disruption from the Japan earthquake, customer inventory issues due to the weak economic situation as well as some customers product transitions to 65nm and 45nm. Internally, SMIC experienced the loss of its Chairman and underwent a management change. But we have pressed forward, and now, we are on track in implementing new initiatives and strategies within the company.
Direction and Strategy Our aim is sustainable profitability as we position to be the preferred and most advanced foundry provider in China and continue partnering with international and domestic customers. In order to achieve this, our long-term strategy is to maintain our technology advancement while pursuing value-added differentiation.
Based on market sizing, growth and margin trends, as well as our potential capability and resources, we have identified niche product lines in which we aim to strengthen our unique value-propositions. In some of these segments, we offer unique solutions, technology and IP in order to enable our customers to excel in these 
Operationally, we continue to emphasize production improvement and customer service. To maintain stable yield and competitive cycle time for the purpose of customer satisfaction, we have instituted comprehensive systems and controls as well as continuous operational improvement activities on a daily basis. As a result, positive customer feedback is a testament to our strengthened team and improved performance and operations. In the fourth quarter of 2011, a leading customer ranked our Shanghai fab the number one 8-inch fab among all of its foundry suppliers. After achieving over 1 billion unit shipments of power management processors with an outstanding delivery record over the past years, another leading customer awarded us for our excellent track record in supporting their power management processor.

Looking into our sales strategies, we continue to work vigorously with our international customers, and continue our service support of the growing Chinese fabless industry. North America continues to contribute more than half of our revenue and our Eurasia sales region contributes more than one-tenth.
Our China fabless wafer revenue grew 16% in 2011 compared to 2010 and accounted for about 30.6% of our total wafer revenue in 2011. The overall demand in China is still relatively strong. Additionally, an increasing number of Chinese customers are taping out 65nm and 55nm with us, in various communications and consumer applications. We believe SMIC is currently well positioned to capture the market opportunity in China with its strategic location and possession of advanced semiconductor manufacturing capability and foreign export licenses.

On our 65nm technology, our Beijing fab s 65nm service continued to improve on both cycle time and defect density. In the fourth quarter of 2011, 65nm contributed 21% of our wafer revenue, and we hope to continue to grow our 65nm business to near 30% at the end of 2012 as the 65nm utilization in our Beijing fab rises due to increasing demand from customers. Total new tape-outs grew 8.7% in 2011 compared to 2010 with the increase mainly coming from 65nm and below with key growth drivers from mobile and tablet applications.
As for technology development, we are very encouraged by our 4540nm progress, with very positive feedback from our customers. Our 4540nm service has become competitive with respect to our peers. We have already begun early risk production, and 4540nm contributed 0.3% of wafer revenue in the fourth quarter of 2011.
We achieved competitive yield in a relatively short period of time and our 4540nm product qualities have met and exceeded our customers expectations. We are also collaborating with our Chinese customers in the mobile and tablet areas using this node. In 2011, we had 9 new tape-outs for 4540nm. With our efforts in IP last year, our 4540nm IP library became increasingly robust, complete, and ready to simultaneously support customer-owned tooling (COT) and non-COT customers in early 2012. This should bring us more new tape- outs for 4540nm and widen our opportunities in advanced technology business. Our 3228nm development is on schedule, and we target to have the process ready in 2013.

In 2012 the first and second quarters look encouraging with positive revenue guidance for the first quarter and indications of an optimistic second quarter. We recognize the possible challenges ahead and will continue working to increase fab loading and speed up technology development and differentiation, aiming for sustainable profitable growth for the long-term. We remain cautious and diligent in executing our business plan for the best interests of all of our shareholders.
We express our sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, vendors, and employees for their continued commitment and support.

Zhang Wenyi TY Chiu Chairman of the Board and Executive Director Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 
March 29, 2012 
