Chairman s Statement 
In 2007, SMIC continued to be successful in executing its business plans and reaching important technological milestones, which have allowed the Company to further reinforce its position as China s leading foundry as well as a top player in the global IC market. Despite facing unprecedented difficulties in DRAM market conditions, SMIC was able to remain fully committed to both its business strategy and roadmap, designed to bring forth long-term growth and profitability.
With DRAM prices declining dramatically, SMIC has retained sufficient flexibility by shifting its production of DRAM to logic products. We have experienced solid growth in our non-DRAM business as indicated by a significant increase of 42% in our logic sales from the 0.13-micron and 90-nanometer technology nodes over 2006, and strong growth is expected to continue in 2008. The Company also plans to begin 65- nanometer logic production at our 12-inch fabrication facilities during the second half of 2008. Switching production capacity from DRAM to logic will remain a key focus of our strategy as we move steadily toward 
As the world s largest and most rapidly expanding market for integrated circuits, China has remained a powerful driver of industry growth; its overall IC consumption level reached more than $75 billion in 2007 with an estimated increase to more than $100 billion by 2010 according to IC Insights and CCID reports.
SMIC rode this wave to a 56% increase in its China sales in 2007, a growth we expect to continue with the anticipated increase in demand for 0.13-micron and 90-nanometer designs in the DTV, baseband, and digital broadcast markets. Building on its strong presence in Mainland China, the Company announced plans to start a new IC production project in Shenzhen with extensive support from the Shenzhen municipal government. The project is expected to break ground in the first half of 2008. With the Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, Chengdu and Wuhan fabs already in place, SMIC now has tremendous geographical advantages with which to capture every growth opportunity on the Mainland.
Global technology advancement is moving at a rapid pace and SMIC has taken the necessary steps to meet the growing demand for cutting-edge technology. By continuing to attract important global business partners such as Synopsys and Spansion, SMIC has been able to accelerate its technology advancement in order to satisfy market demand while enjoying higher gross profit margins. With the licensing agreement signed with IBM in December, the company roadmap is now extended to 45-nanometer technologies, spawning increased customer confidence in seeking our foundry services at multiple offering levels.
Our 2007 milestones in technology advancement and capacity expansion were made possible by the ceaseless efforts of our executive team and world-class experienced staff, whose innovative spirit and creative abilities SMIC continually seeks to nourish. As the Company presses forward into a year of impending challenges and changes, we are mindful of the interests of all of those who contribute to our growth our employees, our business partners and our shareholders. We also remain highly conscious of our responsibility to protect the environment and to promote energy conservation. By uniting our firm business values with our solid business strategy and management team, we are committed to laying the foundation for stable growth and development, and are well-poised to further strengthen our leading position in Mainland China.

Yang Yuan Wang Chairman of the Board Shanghai, the PRC April 24, 2008 