Chairman s Statement 
As time passes another year has arrived, and in this past year the Company has undergone dramatic changes.
In June of 2009, I was honored to be elected the new Chairman of SMIC. Then, in November 2009, our six-year lawsuit with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited finally came to a conclusion and was settled by both parties. Following this event, the Board accepted the resignation of Dr. Richard Chang, and appointed Dr. David NK Wang as the new Executive Director, President and CEO of the Company. Now, with a new team of executive members on board, SMIC is beginning a new chapter in its history. Thanks to the concerted efforts of all our employees, SMIC has grown into the largest and most advanced foundry in Mainland China. I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to Dr. Chang for his great contribution in the past years of founding and growing SMIC.
In 2009, thanks to the gradual recovery of the global economic situation and the dedicated hard work of our fellow employees, the Company continued to make overall progress under the challenging market environment, and in the past few quarters, the Company s revenue showed sustainable and stable growth. At this moment, we see that the toughest part of the global financial crisis is over. Furthermore, the performance of the Chinese economy during the economic downturn greatly impressed the world, and now, opportunities lie ahead of us. According to forecasts by major research organizations, the global semiconductor industry in 2010 will undergo double-digit growth, while China will outpace this growth. Being situated in China, SMIC will take advantage of this opportunity to further develop and strengthen itself.
In this new year, apart from focusing on the Company s strategy development, as the Chairman I will also ensure that the Board will continue to monitor the performance of the senior management and all other employees on upholding and strengthening the Company s governance. I will also ensure that employees adopt the responsibility of focusing on the long-term benefits of shareholders. We are well aware of the challenges in 2010 and beyond, but we will continue to focus on our core manufacturing business, while striving to maintain and strengthen our world-class foundry position. We will strengthen our technology innovation and accumulation and our partnerships with our major customers. 2009 was a year filled with challenges and opportunities, difficulties and hopes. In 2010, we will meet new challenges, stir up zeal and seize opportunities to build our future. This year is a historical turning point for the company. Let us work together for a successful future.
In concluding, I would like to thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers, partners and fellow employees for their continued support of the Company.
Jiang Shang Zhou Chairman of the Board 
April 26, 2010 