LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Shareholders,
In the past year of 2016, SMIC once again achieved remarkable operating results, which were undoubtedly
the most notable since the incorporation of the Company. Following a successful 2015, we reached another
all-time high in almost all key performance indicators, including revenues, operating profit, net profit, EBITDA*
and return on equity. We recorded revenue of US$2.9 billion for 2016, representing an increase of 30.3%
year-on-year, which was almost three times the foundry industry average growth rate. Gross profit amounted
to approximately US$850 million. Net profit margins and profit attributable to SMIC were 10.9% and US$377
million respectively. EBITDA exceeded US$1 billion for the first time and return on equity for the year rose
from 7.6% in 2015 to 9.6% in 2016. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had cash on hand of
approximately US$2.2 billion, representing an increase of 67.5% as compared with that as of December 31,
2015. The cash flow from operations in 2016 was close to US$1 billion, representing an increase of 46.0%
over 2015. In addition, in 2016, SMIC’s operational productivity continued to improve with 8.9% increase in
revenue per employee year-on-year.
In 2016, we saw noteworthy growth in revenues across all sales regions, with an annual revenue growth
rate of 10.7% from North America-region customers and 35.7% from PRC-based customers. Our Eurasia
region also recorded an annual revenue growth of over 50% for the second time in a row, reaching an
annual revenue growth of 54.4%. These figures demonstrated not only the diversification of SMIC’s revenue
growth in 2016, but also represented our eighth consecutive quarter of record high revenue, reflecting the
success of our positioning in China and successful execution of our strategy to differentiate and diversify
products and customers. As of December 31, 2016, the production capacities in our 8-inch fab in Shenzhen
and our joint venture fab in Beijing were expanded to 30,000 and 18,000 wafers per month. We were proud
of our team’s quick ramp up of capacities in both Shenzhen and Beijing joint venture fab while maintaining
a high overall capacity utilization of 97.5% last year. In 2016, we successfully acquired LFoundry S.r.l
(“LFoundry”), a majority-owned subsidiary in Avezzano, Italy that mainly specializes in manufacturing
automotive-related IC’s, demonstrating a significant step into the auto-IC market.
In 2016, we also commenced the construction of new fabs in Shanghai, Tianjin and Shenzhen to prepare
for the next phase of growth. This will bring sufficient flexibility to the Group to meet the possible rapid
growth in demand in the future. The actual expansion of production capacity will be determined and
implemented based on prudent planning and a comprehensive consideration of three aspects, including
customer demand, technology readiness and sustainable profitability.
The Company announced a ten-to-one share consolidation during the second half of 2016 in order to reduce
share price volatility and attract more interest from long-term investors. We believe that in the long run this
will help attract more investors and further amass a broader shareholder base for the Company.
In May 2016, the Company announced that it had again donated RMB2.55 million to the “SMIC Liver Transplant
Program for Children.” Up to this date, a total of RMB10 million has been donated to the project for the young
patients, and 137 children have already received successful medical treatment and a “new life”.
We are pleased to welcome three new Directors to the board: Dr. Shang-yi Chiang, Dr. Tong Guohua and
Dr. Jason Jingsheng Cong. We warmly welcome their addition to the board of SMIC and believe that their
extensive experience in the industry and deep understanding of the future of technology will contribute to
the future growth and development of the Company. During the year, Mr. Sean Maloney and Mr. Li Yonghua
resigned as Director and alternative Director, respectively, due to personal reasons. We would like to take
this opportunity to express our heart-felt gratitude to them for their contributions and devotion to the
Company during their service tenure in the past years.
2016 was another incredibly successful year, thanks to comprehensive preparations made in the prior years
by our team in improving our technology and customer relationships. In 2017, we target to increase revenue
contribution from 28nm products. Additionally, we expect our growth drivers in 2017 will include a diverse
mix of mature process technology. We continue to pursue a target of 20% compounded annual revenue
growth for the period from 2016 to 2019, benefiting from opportunities brought by the China market, mobile
and smart consumer devices, auto electronics, and internet of things. We remain committed to diligently and
carefully execute our business plan for the best interests of our shareholders. We would like to again express
our sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, suppliers, and employees for their continued care and
support of SMIC.
Zhou Zixue Tzu-Yin Chiu
Chairman of the Board and Executive Director Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
Shanghai, China
March 27, 2017