LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS SMIC 2012 Annual Report 
2012 was SMIC s tenth year of production. We are pleased to announce that in this fruitful year we delivered full year profitability. In 2012, the Company achieved historic high annual revenue of US$1.7 billion while turning net income positive; we recorded annual net income attributable to SMIC of $22.8 million, a 7-year high. SMIC s revenue grew 29% in 2012 from the prior year, significantly surpassing the 2012 year-over-year growth rate of global semiconductor sales of -2.9% and the pure-play foundry growth rate of 15%, according to iSuppli estimates.
Beginning in the first quarter of 2012, we consistently beat outside expectations and in the second quarter, we recorded positive quarterly net income. Our improved operations, customer service, and quality increased our profitability. Based on these improvements, SMIC gained significant customer confidence, which contributed to higher fab utilization; after the first quarter of 2012, SMIC maintained utilization above 90%.
According to the latest survey published by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology in November 2012, SMIC is the number one preferred foundry among Chinese fabless companies. About 75% of Chinese fabless companies now choose SMIC as their preferred foundry partner, compared to the 59% who chose us in 2011. This also shows customers recognition of our improved operations and service over the last year.
In the fourth quarter of 2012, the Company s 6555nm revenue contributed one-third of total wafer revenue, compared to one-fifth during the same period in 2011. Also in the fourth quarter of 2012, our 4540nm process began mass production and contributed 2.6% of wafer sales. Our 28nm development is on schedule and progressing steadily.
In 2012, we increased the Company s operational efficiency, expanded output, and used less capital spending to achieve these goals.
We believe the Company will continue to benefit from rapid growth of the mobile device market, as well as the continued growth of our China customer base. Notably, our China sales grew 34.1% in 2012 from the prior year, while employing our full spectrum of technology from 0.35-micron to 40nm.
In 2012, the Company continued to actively commit to social responsibility, in accord with industry and official calls to invest resources for environmental protection, energy conservation, recycling, and community service.
As the leading and most advanced foundry provider in China, we have upgraded our technology portfolio, services, and quality to help all of our customers participate in this rapidly growing market. We are very pleased with SMIC s achievements in 2012, and determined to build on the momentum.

Looking ahead, we remain committed to our long-term strategy, anchored in the best interests of our shareholders. We will leverage our strengths and focus on long-term sustainable profitability, continued growth, and value growth for shareholders. We will strive to implement our business plan and objectives with diligence and precision.
We express our sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, vendors, and employees for their ongoing commitment and support.
Zhang Wenyi TY Chiu Chairman of the Board and Executive Director Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 
March 25, 2013 
