LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 
We are pleased to announce that in 2014 SMIC continued to achieve full year profitability; annual net profit was around US$150 million. In the fourth quarter of 2014, we achieved our eleventh consecutive profitable quarter. Sustainable profitability continues to be our primary target.
2014 was full of changes and opportunities. We made ample progress in the development of technology and capacity in preparation for growth 2015 and beyond; including 28nm process development, differentiated technology expansion, and the formation of new partnerships. These preparations have built the foundation for our future development and growth. We successfully introduced China s first 55nm smart card chip to the market, in addition to receiving recognition for successfully launching 55nm low-leakage embedded-flash into mass production. SMIC s back-side illumination CMOS Image Sensor ( CIS BSI ) technology also successfully entered production, and we anticipate its ramp up in 2015. In 2014, we also announced that our 38nm NAND flash memory process was ready so as to meet the growing demand for high quality low- density specialty NAND flash memory. In terms of capacity, to quickly meet our customers urgent demands for 28nm, we have already prepared 28nm capacity in Shanghai and Beijing, and at the same time, we have begun to expand 8-inch capacity in Shenzhen to address the demand from domestic and international customers for differentiated technology capacity.
Furthermore, in December 2014, we announced, together with Qualcomm Incorporated, the successful fabrication of Qualcomm Snapdragon"!410 processors in our 28nm technology. This milestone further signifies SMIC s capability and commitment to meet customers requirements and provide advanced nodes according to our customers roadmaps. The Company had great results in securing mutually beneficial collaboration within the IC industry chain. The Company established a joint venture with Jiangsu Changjiang Electronics Technology Company Limited ( JCET ) for 12-inch bumping and wafer-level testing, in order to provide the Chinese market s domestic and international fabless companies with high-quality, efficient and convenient one-stop manufacturing service. This project is on schedule, with equipment move-in scheduled in the first half of 2015 and production targeted to begin in the second half of 2015. In December 2014, we announced that we had entered into a co-investment agreement to participate in the acquisition of Stats ChipPAC, together with JCET, and the China Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund Co., Ltd (the China IC Fund ). Under the agreement terms, SMIC will invest around US$100 million and take an equity stake of about 19%. We see this as a way to not only advance the level and competitiveness of China s IC manufacturing ecosystem and coincide with accelerating the development of China s world class domestic semiconductor industry, but should we wish to exit the arrangement, we can also use the investment to attain satisfactory financial returns.
In 2014, the Company successfully raised funds in the capital markets, raising approximately US$900 million.
In these rounds of financing, the market response was enthusiastic and investors were eager to participate, which reflects the market s recognition and confidence in the management, the Company s performance, future growth and direction. In order to promote the development of the IC industry, in 2014 the Chinese central government published the National Semiconductor Development Promotion Outline and established the China IC Fund. In February 2015 the China IC Fund signed an agreement with the Company to purchase SMIC shares to become one of the Company s substantial shareholders. The industry investment fund s collaboration will further strengthen our key role in China and the worldwide semiconductor industry.

Our Board composition underwent some changes; the former Chairman Mr. Wenyi Zhang has decided not to serve as Board member and Chairman due to his advancing age, and has been succeeded by Dr. Zixue Zhou. Mr. Wenyi Zhang will become Honorary Chairman and Advisor, and will continue to advise the Company in its future development. On behalf of all the Board members and employees, we want to express our sincere appreciation to Mr. Zhang for all his hard work and contribution over the past few years. He has successfully brought SMIC to a new stage of development and furthered the enhancement of China s semiconductor industry. In addition, Professor Lawrence Juen-Yee Lau resigned his post as non-executive Director since he no longer held a post within China Investment Corporation, our substantial shareholder.
Professor Lau s Alternate Director Dr. Datong Chen, correspondingly resigned. The Board would like to acknowledge Professor Lau and Dr. Chen for their selfless devotion and whole-hearted dedication during their directorships in SMIC, and welcome Ms. Carmen I-Hua Chang to our Board as an independent non-executive Director. We, as the Chairman and CEO of the Company, recognize the challenges ahead. We will work together with all members of the Board, management team and staff to promote the Company s development and growth, to build value for our shareholders, employees and other stakeholders.
2014 was a year of preparation for the future, and because of the many preparations made in technology and production capacity, we look forward to our prospects in 2015. We continue to have confidence in the opportunities stemming from the China market, mobile products, smart consumer products, and internet of things ( IoT ). We are committed to diligently and carefully execute our business plan for the best interests of our shareholders. We would like to again express our sincere gratitude to all of our shareholders, customers, suppliers, and employees for their continued care and support of SMIC s development.
Zhou Zixue Tzu-Yin Chiu Chairman of the Board and Executive Director Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 
March 30, 2015 