Chairman s Statement 
2010 is the tenth anniversary of SMIC. I am pleased to announce that SMIC has achieved full-year profit in 2010. In 2010 the global semiconductor industry experienced higher-than-average growth above industry expectation. SMIC seized this rare opportunity for rapid growth; sales revenue and capacity utilization both reached a record high level. In 2010 the total annual revenue increased 45%; the company's utilization rate of the fourth quarter of 2010 has climbed to a record high of 96.8%. The gross margin has turned positive since the third quarter of 2009 and sustained a stable and healthy growth. The gross margins was well above 20% in the third and fourth quarter of 2010, thus the full year of 2010 recorded a gross margin of about 20%, which was our best performance achieved since after the year of IPO.
This past year, in order to turn around as quickly as possible, the new management adopted a number of effective measures addressing product mix, narrowing the technology gap, strengthening operational efficiency, increasing R&D investment, and improving leadership capability. As the most advanced semiconductor manufacturer in Mainland China, we continue to improve our product mix to increase our average selling price and profitability. In the fourth quarter of 2010, the revenue contribution of 90-nanometer and below logic process had grown to 24% of wafer revenue, among which 65-nanometer process products had risen to 8.6% of wafer revenue. In the fourth quarter of 2010, revenue from Mainland China contributed 31% of total income, compared to 21% in 2009. We are gradually shortening the technology gap with our competitors in advanced process development, and we have completed our 40-nanometer process development, with qualification ahead of schedule and will enter into mass production by the end of 2011.
We have also accelerated research and development of our 32-nanometer process. In the past year with our internal efforts we reduced costs and improved the operational efficiency across the company and the output increase substantially without much capacity expansion. Furthermore, in the year of 2010, the company continued to commit to social responsibility, investing a number of resources in projects like environmental protection, energy-saving, recycling economy and community service. We have also supported the Shanghai World Expo in different aspects, and continue to contribute to building a harmonious society.
Looking back on 2010, the company has made profit under the leadership of a strong new management team, however, this is only the first step to sustainable profitability. Looking into 2011, the global semiconductor industry continues to grow with a compound annual growth rate higher than the global macro-economic growth. The world-class integrated design manufacturers (IDM) continue to outsource large amounts of advanced process demand, making the growth rate of the foundry industry higher than that of the entire semiconductor industry. 2011 is also the initial year of the twelfth five-year state plan of China; at the beginning of the Year of the Rabbit, the State Council issued a series of policies to further encourage the development of the software and IC industries, respectively, from taxation, investment and financing, research and development, import and export, human resources, and intellectual property rights these seven aspects will be supported by the implementation of specific rules and policies. Such favorable policy incentives and the growing macro-environment may bring a series of good opportunities to SMIC for its future development. We shall seize such opportunities to expand our capacity gradually and continue toward the established goals step by step, adhering to our core values of harmony, science, integrity, innovation, in the best interests of our shareholders, customers, and employees.
Once again, thank you for your continued attention and support given to SMIC during its development.

Chairman of the Board 
