Throughout our history, Lenovo has succeeded by combining a clear focus on meeting our short-term commitments with a clear understanding of the changes and investments needed to ensure our long-term success. No fiscal year better illustrates Lenovo s ability to combine these two qualities than the one we just completed. Once again, Lenovo delivered record performance across all product lines.
At the same time, we took bold action for the future, completing two major acquisitions that further strengthen our company by building new pillars for growth. We are now a stronger and more diversified company that is well positioned to be a global technology leader for years to come.

During the past fiscal year, we again delivered record performance across all our businesses. Our achievements include: " Record shipments and revenue: We again set all-time records for unit shipments and sales, with revenue of $46.3 billion. Lenovo now sells almost 5 devices every second of every day while continuing to improve profitability.
" Completed two historic acquisitions: Lenovo successfully closed deals to acquire both the x86 server business from IBM and Motorola from Google. These deals immediately made Lenovo #3 worldwide in both x86 servers and in smartphones.

CHAIRMAN AND CEO STATEMENT 
8 Lenovo Group Limited 201415 Annual Report 
" Completed 2 straight years as global PC leader: We continued to win in our core PC business, achieving a record market share of almost 20%, and highlights include record share level in all Geos.
" We also set new records in smartphones and tablets: In smartphones, we shipped a record 76 million units and strengthened our position as the world s #3 smartphone company. The addition of Motorola helped us expand to more than 60 markets worldwide, making us a truly global smartphone company.
And now, almost 60% of smartphone volume comes from outside of China, giving us a global footprint that is a true competitive advantage.
We again had record volume in our tablet business, selling almost 12 million units and outperforming the market by 24 points over the year, becoming #3 in the world. Our strong performance was driven by strong growth in EMEA and our innovative new Yoga Tablets in the premium segments.
" We greatly strengthened our Enterprise business through a combination of strong organic growth with the x86 acquisition. Our ThinkServer business grew 50% year-on-year, and System X is well positioned to grow in share and profitability.
" We continued to strengthen our Ecosystem business, with approximately 400 million users and 70 million active monthly users. Two of our star apps SHAREit and SECUREit have become major successes globally.
" We again demonstrated our innovation leadership, with great new products driving our growth across all product lines. This year we won a record 77 awards at the Consumer Electronics Show, the world s largest and most prestigious technology event, and 20 awards at the 2015 Mobile World Congress, the top mobile technology event.
Our record performance is the result of our proven formula for success: " A clear strategy that balances delivering strong short-term results with reaching long-term objectives: We protect our core PC business, increasing profitability even as we continue to see strong opportunities for growth, particularly from the continuing consolidation in the industry. In Enterprise, we protect profit as we push for rapid growth. In Mobile and EcosystemCloud, we are clearly attacking to drive growth and gain share. Our clear strategy continues to drive strong execution worldwide.
" Our commitment to and investment in innovation that differentiates our products: Lenovo s investments in innovations continue to drive growth through differentiation across our entire product portfolio. Lenovo continues to be the clear leader in the PC space, where we defined new multimode PC space with products like Yoga, and we also brought great innovation to markets in smartphones, tablets and servers. In addition, we are recognized for innovative software, such as our SHAREit and SECUREit apps. With our investments in key component technology, materials development, and software, you can expect a new generation of innovative products that are both more exciting and more useful for our customers.

Vibe X2 Pro 
201415 Annual Report Lenovo Group Limited 9 
CHAIRMAN AND CEO STATEMENT 
" Operational excellence: Lenovo never stops improving its unique, efficient business model. This starts in PCs with our dual-business model: serving global, large enterprise customers through our relationship model and small-to-medium businesses and consumers through our transaction model. Yet we also create new business models, such as our new ShenQi business in China, to reach customers online. No matter the route used to reach customers, our hybrid manufacturing model gives us a key competitive advantage by giving us additional flexibility to meet customers needs. Operational excellence continues to be a core Lenovo strength.
And our business transformation project, currently underway, will help us better leverage internet to do business with our customers, and make our business model even more advanced, optimized and efficient.
" A strong, diverse global team that attracts the top talents at both a worldwide level and in key markets. While incredibly diverse, our team is united by the Lenovo Way our commitment, ownership and pioneer culture. This shared set of values helps us operate with even greater speed, creating a clear competitive advantage.

DIVERSIFIED FOR FUTURE GROWTH Today, Lenovo is a bigger and more diverse company than ever thanks not only to strong organic growth, but also due to the successful completion of two historic acquisitions in the last fiscal year. The acquisitions of both the System X server business from IBM and then Motorola from Google immediately made Lenovo a significantly stronger global player in both x86 servers and smartphones. More importantly, Lenovo now has three major growth engines PC, Enterprise and Mobile.
The strengthening of new growth engines makes Lenovo s business significantly more balanced. A year ago, more than 80% of Lenovo s revenue came from PCs; now, even with record PC performance, this segment is only 63% of our new business. Not only is Lenovo less reliant on one particular business, but we are now able to attack growth opportunities across the full spectrum of personal technology products.
Our business today is more diverse not only in terms of products, but also in terms of 
In the 10 years since Lenovo made another historic deal acquiring IBM s PC division we have proven we know how to not only integrate acquisitions, but also how to strengthen and grow these new businesses. Just as we built the PC business from #3 a decade ago to #1 today, our expectation is to grow these new businesses to compete with the world leaders.
We will accomplish in the same way we have built Lenovo in the last six years: by attacking to gain share while building from our foundation of strengths.

Yoga 3 Pro 
10 Lenovo Group Limited 201415 Annual Report 
ORGANIZED TO DRIVE GROWTH Even though Lenovo is far larger and a much more diverse business than even a few years ago, our clear Protect and Attack strategy continues to guide our growth.
To provide better focus and to drive these diverse businesses to meet these objectives, we have reorganized our company by combining our PC and Enterprise business groups into a single strategic business unit. This combined unit enables us to better leverage our comprehensive portfolio for customers and partners, and to drive savings across our supply chain, procurement and R&D. Our Mobile Business Group and Ecosystem & Cloud will continue to focus on driving growth and innovation. This organizational structure increases focus where alignment synergies exist, and aligns our leadership strengths and talent.
Most importantly, our strategy will be driven by a new mission: to transform from a product- centric company to a customer-centric company. To ensure we truly own relationships with the people who use our products every day, we will focus on two transformations. First, from a product perspective, we will do more than simply make the best hardware, but will create a fusion of hardware, software and cloud service platform, what we call 3-in-1 devices. Second, from a business model perspective, we will create multiple touch points to engage the people using our products, treating each essentially as a relationship customer.
Through this combination, we will focus on solving customer pain points and ensuring we deliver the best customer experience.

READY FOR THE FUTURE In the past year, we took bold action to build an even stronger foundation for our future. Now, we are ready to take the next steps. Lenovo will never stand still.
Instead, we will be bold and will lead the next wave of innovations that make our customers lives more productive and more enjoyable. We will continue to balance delivering strong short-term performance with long-term growth, making Lenovo a leader today and well into the future.
I am confident that all the great innovations and results we ve accomplished already will be eclipsed by the even more remarkable achievements in Lenovo s future.

