For most IT businesses in China and throughout the world, 2002 was a year of unease yet memorable. The global IT industry remained mired in stagnant markets. Even in China, while GDP growth reached a phenomenal 8%, the industry suffered a sluggish growth level seldom seen in recent years.

Despite the stalled global situation, I am delighted to report that the Group continued to solidify both of its growth momentum and the leadership position in the market. During the fiscal year, the Group achieved rapid profit growth, which attained all the targets we set at the beginning of the year. Even more encouraging were the Group s technological innovations, evidenced by the Legend World 2002 convention and the roll out of the supercomputer. As Chairman of the Board, I am deeply impressed by the remarkable performance of our young management team, headed by Mr Yang Yuanqing, over the course of the challenging year I believe that the ongoing development of new and cutting-edge technology will continue to play an ever significant role of IT industry in contributing to the social development and economic growth around the world. The global slowdown of the IT industry over the past two years was, I believe, only temporary, and reflected an underlying need of the IT industry for continued transformation and innovation. Though SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome) affected China s information industry for the short-term, it is expected to stimulate and accelerate IT s applications at home as well as in business. The continued growth of China s economy will certainly generate opportunities for its IT industry, and lay a solid foundation for the Group s future business development.

The ultimate goal of the Group is to become a vibrant and long-lasting enterprise. With the energy and devotion of the Group s management, together with their entrepreneurial spirit and innovative business strategies, I am confident that we are well on the journey of creating substantial returns for our shareholders in the long-run.

