at Lenovo. Despite the slowdown of the worldwide PC market, Lenovo has once again recorded strong, balanced growth while achieving a number of major breakthroughs.

Lenovo outgrew the worldwide PC market in unit shipments, and gained market share across all geographies, products and customer segments, making it the world s fastest growing PC company for six consecutive quarters. For the first time, we surpassed 10% market share worldwide, reaching a historical high of 10.2% for the year. It was also the first time for us to become the largest PC maker in emerging markets including China, the world s largest in the education and government notebook PC segment, and the second largest in the worldwide commercial notebook PC segment. Our sales also for the first time exceeded US$21 billion, with both profit before taxation and profit attributable to equity holders doubling year-to-year.

Why caN leNovo deliver such 
Building the leadership team, developing strategies and taking people with you has been the key to our success.
Our core management team, led by our CEO Yang Yuanqing, took their new positions two years ago, and they developed the Protect and Attack strategy. Facing the volatile market and ever-shifting needs of customers, the new management executed the strategy with determination while fine-tuning it continuously. Time and time again, they practiced The Lenovo Way, and brought the We Do What We Say, We Own What We Do culture to life. The concerted efforts of the team have brought fruitful returns to the Group. The resulting balanced and solid foundation has prepared us well for the next phase of development and future market transitions.

6 201011 Annual Report lenovo group limited 
continue to invest in 
and branding to protect our core business and drive 
The PC market is expected to experience more and rapid evolutions in the future. Despite the slow rebound in the consumer market, Mature Markets have already overcome the effects of the financial crisis and seen strong momentum in corporate refreshment demand. The China market is now exhibiting moderate yet still powerful growth, after continuous rapid growth in previous years. Emerging Markets (excluding China) are demonstrating enormous growth potential and have become the world s major focus to drive future growth.
The rise of mobile internet products reflects the strong market demand for the convergence of different personal technology devices such as PCs and smartphones. This, in turn, is bringing structural changes and huge opportunities to the market.
What are the plaNs of leNovo moviNg 
To address the market changes, the Group has established its Mobile Internet and Digital Home Group this year. This business unit aims to extend our business beyond the traditional PC arena and to capture opportunities globally in the rapidly growing areas including mobile internet, smart TV, etc., thus developing Lenovo into a leading personal technology product 
The PC business remains as the Group s core business, and we must accelerate our growth and expand market share by delivering quality products to our customers around the world.
Convergence of technologies will however generate new business opportunities: emergence of innovative products, mobile internet devices and ecosystem created by a wide variety of new applications and services, are drawing a whole new map for future global technological development.

To capture every opportunity in this dynamic environment, we are fully committed and dedicated to winning for the future. To realize this commitment, we will continue to invest in research and innovation, marketing and brand building with an aim to maintain a balanced development across geographies, products and customer segments. While strengthening our core business, we will seek new opportunities to drive business growth where opportunities present themselves.

We recognize that insights about market dynamics, prompt response to market changes and solid execution with a clear vision are crucial to continued growth of a company.
Throughout its history, Lenovo has always been seeking to fulfill our commitments, to strengthen our businesses and to build a bright future through decisive actions and living our corporate culture of We Do What We Say, We Own What We Do.

Under the leadership of our CEO Yang Yuanqing, our core management team draws on their abundant experience, expertise, wisdom, passion and pragmatic spirit to lead each of their teams. Given the fact that they represent all of the functions and business units of the Group and are abreast of comprehensive information with a big picture perspective, they will be able to explore and assess a plan thoroughly before reaching a decision. I have full confidence that they will continue implementing our innovative yet practical vision and strategies to create a promising future grounded on today s solid success, thus bringing Lenovo to a new stage of development and greater heights in the years ahead.

