strategies since we completed the acquisition of IBM s PC Division. By the 200708 fiscal year, Lenovo had achieved all the major targets set before the acquisition. We expanded from a US$3 billion company to a US$17 billion multi-national company. We returned the acquired business to profitability, with overall profit in the 200708 fiscal year triple that prior to the acquisition. We also formed a world- class international management team and saw increasing awareness of the Lenovo brand. As a result of these accomplishments and more it is clear that our acquisition of IBM s PC Division has proved to be a successful transaction. Lenovo s aspirations to expand our base of business through the acquisition, remove the ceiling on our growth, and generate enhanced returns for our shareholders are becoming a reality.

Lenovo will continue our focus on our PC business to achieve profitable growth at higher-than-industry levels as we take up a new position in the global 
Chairman s statement 
Lenovo Group Limited " Annual Report 200708 
Lenovo continued to make a number of accomplishments under our defined strategies in the past fiscal year. On one hand, we successfully strengthened our existing business in China and the relationship business in other geographies. On the other hand, we also achieved breakthroughs in developing our transaction business in various geographies. In the past fiscal year, Lenovo generated higher-than-market growth in both PC shipments and sales, enabling the Group s business outside Greater China returned to profitability with good growth momentum. At the same time, Lenovo s relentless efforts to innovate strengthened the competitiveness of our products, with the launch of cutting-edge and well-received products such as the IdeaPad and ThinkPad X300. The completion of restructuring actions has allowed Lenovo to use our global resources more efficiently, boost the competitiveness of our desktop business and reduce end-to-end supply chain costs. Lenovo s brand-building efforts have also effectively increased the awareness of the Lenovo brand, allowing us to transition our products to the LenovoThink brand ahead of schedule.

Lenovo has embarked on its next stage of profitable growth upon the completion of the integration. Looking forward, we will strive to strengthen our existing core business the China business and relationship business in other geographies while seizing opportunities in the market to generate additional growth. Lenovo will focus its efforts in three areas: developing business in emerging markets; growing the transaction business which includes our consumer business; and expanding in the notebook computer market. In addition, Lenovo will continue to actively develop profitable new businesses, such as the high value-added peripherals, accessories and 
The Board of Directors is satisfied with Lenovo s performance in the past year and is confident in our ability to execute our strategy. Lenovo builds its past and future success on choosing the right strategy and then executing that strategy effectively. Our successes in replicating the transaction model around the world and significantly improving the performance of our desktop business has given us great confidence in management s execution capability. Furthermore, we believe the great emphasis that Lenovo s international management team places on technology and business model innovation and worldsourcing will result in sustained improvement in Lenovo s competitiveness.

My expectation for Lenovo in the next few years is that we will continue our focus on our PC business to achieve profitable growth at higher-than-industry levels as we take up a new position in the global PC market. No matter how the market environment will change, Lenovo endeavors to realize our strategic objectives and to enhance competitiveness to bring sustainable long-term returns to investors. Last but not least, I would like to express my sincere thanks to our shareholders, my fellow board members, customers and employees for their continuous support of Lenovo over the years.

