A year ago, Lenovo s sales and market share dropped significantly. The Group s morale was sinking, and its share price slipped to its lowest in recent years.
It is certain that our shareholders and our staff were dissatisfied with the Group s status. If business had gone down any further, the Group could well have descended into new depths of adverse performance and reached the point of no return.

Since then, Lenovo has undergone fundamental changes. All of our financial indicators have become satisfactory. Quarter after quarter, the management has over-achieved on the commitments they made to the Board, winning the Directors applause. In 
emerging markets and mature markets alike, from Think to Idea products, the Protect-Attack strategy was implemented and executed brilliantly with the right deployment. Thus, the Group has posted record high market share for three consecutive quarters. The toughest times for the Group have passed and the Board of Directors is very satisfied with the results.

Why has such a fundamental change taken place within Lenovo during the past year? First, from a macro environment perspective, the global economy has started to recover and the demand for PC has rebounded. The Chinese economy has resumed rapid growth, which stimulated PC sales in 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
200910 Annual Report Lenovo Group Limited 
More importantly, it is because of the fundamental changes within Lenovo ranging from the top all the way down to the grassroots. All our staff was determined to embrace and steadfastly execute the new strategy.
By leveraging its solid management and professional capability and its leadership position in China s PC market, Lenovo has expanded quickly into emerging markets and its transaction business around the world.
The Group has improved its operational efficiency, and turned the business around in just a short time. The Group has achieved its highest global market share in its history. Lenovo has become the fastest-growing group among the top five global PC manufacturers during the second half of this fiscal year.

Why can Lenovo achieve these? It is because CEO Yang Yuanqing, with support from the Board, has built a good leadership team. With an approach blending Eastern and Western practices, the team has developed a very sound strategy. This team s scope of responsibility covers the whole spectrum of functions of the Group, so they can access comprehensive and timely internal information.
The team members have both the expertise and experience, period when creating a strategy, they started on a conceptual and macro basis, after rounds of thorough and open discussions and debates, then moved to a detailed and micro level. What s more, when developing the strategy they also considered how it would be executed within their respective organizations and functions. Therefore, the actual execution proceeded more smoothly and with greater determination. In this way, the management team succeeded in delivering on all of its commitments both to the Board and to our customers, while gradually establishing its authority and credibility among the staff.
It has been especially delightful to observe the We Do What We Say; We Own What We Do Lenovo Culture being embraced by our staff and the resulting boost in their morale. All of these developments have laid a solid foundation for the Group s long-term development.

In addition, Lenovo has focused on technology and product innovation. Several of the Group s newly- launched products have garnered top awards at the Consumer Electronic Show in Las Vegas during January 2010. These honors have demonstrated our efforts of in enhancing profitability through innovation, not merely through reducing costs. In the future, Lenovo intends to continue to invest in technology innovation and brand building to maintain sustainable 
I have full confidence in the new management team.
I have complete faith that they will analyze both industry trends and global economic prospects in depth, and then develop an effective strategy. The primary characteristic of this strategy is that it will integrate innovation not only into technology, but also into business models and management. The Lenovo management team is now full of passion, and pragmatic and enterprising spirits. I strongly believe that they will bring Lenovo, step by step, to new heights and more aspirational goals.

