It has been two years since Lenovo completed its acquisition of IBM s PC Division. In the past 200607 fiscal year, Lenovo started to implement a global action plan to improve efficiency through restructuring and further integration. During the year, Lenovo had a number of accomplishments against its goal to drive profitable growth. In the China PC market, Lenovo reported a record high market share again. We also successfully rolled out our transaction business model in many regions of the world. At the same time, Lenovo strengthened its relationship model for further development. Lenovo s performance in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year clearly demonstrated the effectiveness of our measures to improve our business outside of China.

Lenovo s achievements in the past year have also strengthened our confidence in the successful execution of our strategies in the future. In the coming years, the key growth drivers in the worldwide PC market remain notebook, small- and medium-sized business (SMB), consumer and emerging markets.
Lenovo will utilize its proven competitive strengths to forge ahead, based on its two existing strategic directions. We will continue to strengthen our PC business in China and the relationship business that mainly services large enterprises outside of China. At the same time, we will accelerate the roll-out of the transaction model across the globe, focusing on capturing growth opportunities in the SMB, consumer and emerging markets.

Lenovo s outstanding performance in China last year truly reflected the strengths of the dual business model which enables us to effectively address every customer segment. Together with seamless end-to- end integration of product development, marketing, sales, manufacturing and customer service, Lenovo is able to respond promptly to the dynamic market. Lenovo was able to achieve higher-than-market growth for a number of consecutive quarters even under intense market competition, reporting record high market share while maintaining strong profitability. Lenovo s strong advantages the dual business model, branding and operational efficiency will ensure our continuous remarkable development in the fast-growing China market, providing support for building our PC business with core competence in every market of the world. In the last year, although Lenovo s mobile handset business faced some challenges in further development, it showed improvement in every operational indicator while maintaining strong profitability.

The slowdown in the large enterprise market outside China limited Lenovo s progress in that area last year. Meanwhile, our sales team smoothly completed the transition of sales support from IBM s sales team, and adopted a more efficient approach which will help us better grow our business with large enterprise customers. At the same time, our expansion into SMB and emerging markets saw encouraging results in the pilot roll-out of the transaction model in India, Hong Kong and Germany.
Lenovo will take advantage of these initial successes and leverage our accumulated experience to accelerate the roll-out of the transaction model in other regions of the world to generate more growth. In the past year, Lenovo also introduced consumer PC products in several pilot regions with good market response. We have set up a dedicated consumer team which will actively map out plans to launch PC products and a targeted sales approach that addresses the consumer segment in more regions to capture the opportunities in this growing segment.

In addition to its achievements in business expansion, Lenovo also gained ground in building a worldwide team last year. I am pleased with the quick assimilation of the management team and expect the increasingly integrated Lenovo culture to be the driving force that will help us win in the marketplace.

Annual Report 200607 | Lenovo Group Limited 7 
In the past year, the management team s significant efforts to enhance competitiveness and operational excellence began to bear fruit. However, we will constantly face challenges in many ways in the competitive PC market. Looking forward, Lenovo has to actively grow the business under our defined core strategies; at the same time, we must ensure more efficient use of our resources and lower our expense-to-revenue ratio. That will help Lenovo strengthen its market competitiveness, achieve sustainable profitable growth, and ultimately become an outstanding company with sustained high 
My expectation for Lenovo s management in the next few years is to focus on expanding the PC business, achieve profitable growth ahead of the market, and explore new growth opportunities in order to lay a solid foundation for our long-term development. Lenovo will endeavor to realize all strategic objectives, and bring sustainable long-term returns to shareholders. Last but not least, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, fellow board members, customers and employees for their continuous support of Lenovo.

