During the past year, Lenovo steadily grew our core PC business while integrating two major acquisitions Motorola Mobility and System X to build our future growth engines. And while we achieved some solid successes, we also recognize that 201516 saw significant macroeconomic challenges for everyone in the personal technology industry, including Lenovo.

Externally, the environment was tough. We faced a challenging global economy, particularly the significant currency volatility in key emerging markets. We also saw further decline in the PC and tablet markets, and slower growth in the smartphone market. Though the global economy is beyond our control, Lenovo has never been a company that depended on luck to succeed.
Rather, we always strive for the highest possible excellence in what we can control. While we had many bright spots in our performance in a difficult year, we also have taken a careful look at ourselves to determine what structural and systemic changes are needed to improve. I am confident that the decisive actions we have taken have Lenovo well positioned to accelerate growth in the year ahead.
aCHieveMentS in 201516 Our achievements in the last year include: 
" Third straight year as global PC leader: We achieved a record market share of 21% as we continued to win and deliver strong profitability in our core PC business.

" Record market share in our tablet business: We sold almost 11 million units and outgrew the market for the year, strengthening our #3 position in the world.

201516 Annual Report Lenovo Group Limited 9 
" Strengthening Enterprise business: Our Enterprise business group improved revenue and profitability for the fiscal year. Overall revenue grew 73% year-to-year, and we are now well positioned to grow even faster with our newly named Data Center Group.

" Smartphone business now truly global: Our smartphone business continued to grow in key emerging markets, particularly in India, Indonesia, Russia and across the Middle East. From a financial perspective, we also broke even in the third quarter, meeting our commitment to do so within 4-6 quarters of completing the acquisition of Motorola.

" Record performance by Ecosystem and Cloud Services Group: Our customer base surged, with Monthly Average Users tripling to more than 200 million, and revenue reached a record of more than 
" Innovation continued to be a critical advantage, delivering the great products across all our businesses. We hosted our first Tech World show in Beijing, attracting worldwide attention for our breakthrough products. In addition, Lenovo won 66 awards at the Consumer Electronics Show, the world s largest and most prestigious technology event, and 23 awards at the 2016 Mobile World Congress, the top mobile technology show.

" We continued to strengthen our brand recognition, with Interbrand naming Lenovo one of the world s Top 100 brands.

These are all important achievements, but our overall results were not as strong as we wanted. The difficult market conditions impacted our financial performance. In addition, we faced internal challenges as acquisitions in our Mobile and Data Center groups did not perform as well as expected. Both are now fully aligned within Lenovo and we took the important steps necessary to build each into future growth 
deCiSive aCtionS to dRive GRoWtH We took decisive actions to meet the market and industry challenges, conducting the largest restructuring in Lenovo s history. This was a difficult decision, however the strong profitability we reported in the second half of this fiscal year demonstrated how these actions made us significantly more competitive.
The more than $1.3 billion in annualized savings will make us even more competitive in the years ahead.

10 Lenovo Group Limited 201516 Annual Report 
CHAIRMAN AND CEO STATEMENT 
M o re i m p o r t a n t l y, we h ave a l i g n e d o u r organizational structure to further strengthen our execution and drive even better results from each of our growth pillars. Our new structure addresses these groups as a portfolio of businesses consisting 
" PC and Smart device Business Group: Consisting of our core PC business as well as tablets, detachables, gaming and other smart 
" data Center Group: By reorganizing and renaming this group, we will now be able to be faster, more nimble and more disruptive, particularly by leveraging relationships with an array of key partners.
" Mobile Business Group: Focusing on s m a r t p h o n e s , t h i s b u s i n e ss h a s t wo sub-groups. One focuses on China, where we are rebuilding our business to win in the world s largest market. The other focuses on continuing our strong growth in emerging markets and breaking through in mature 
" Lenovo Capital and incubator Group (LCiG): As part of our innovation focus, this group will drive innovation through investment in startups and exploring new technologies.
To maximize performance, we will manage different types of businesses differently based on the varying stages of maturity as well as synergy with our core business. Based on these criteria, each business will have the appropriate set of performance metrics, priorities, management processes, ownership structure and incentives. While our strategic focus remains consistent, this management system adds an important extra dimension and better positions us to respond to the changing market environment and opportunities as well as for future profit growth. For example: " Our PC business will be managed to maximize profitability and will always be a core business.
" Strategic expansion businesses like our Mobile and Data Center groups will be managed to drive both profitability and growth. And where we can see shareholder benefit to different organizational and ownership structures, we will be free to explore those with some flexibility.
" Finally, exploratory businesses like start-ups we fund through LCIG will be managed to maximize valuation and return on investment, and may include a portfolio of companies where Lenovo is not the sole or majority owner, but has an influence over strategy and execution and receives value for 
I am confident that these organizational changes and our multi-business operating system will strengthen our ability to both drive short-term performance and achieve long-term growth. And even as we make these changes, I also remain fully confident that our core competitiveness and long-term success are still based on the same formula for success that has fueled our growth from a $16 billion company in 2008 to a nearly $50 billion company today: a clear strategy, innovative products, operational excellence, and a diverse global team.

201516 Annual Report Lenovo Group Limited 11 
ouR viSion foR tHe futuRe Over the past two years Lenovo has been transforming, adding major acquisitions in mobile and infrastructure to expand far beyond our core PC business. These additions are now the building blocks for our future, because our vision is very clear: We want to make life better and work more efficient by delivering smart end-user devices, powerful infrastructure, all with connected services and apps, and the best user experience.
In the past, we definitely have been a device company. Building PCs and smartphones has been our core business. And many customer scenarios are addressed simply by having a great device. This will always be our core and we will always protect this device-first business.
But now, as the age of the Internet of Things expands, everything around us can have computing, storage and networking modules built inside. This will make devices more manageable and controllable.
In this environment, Lenovo will become a more customer centric company and find specific scenarios we 
While new ideas for devices will emerge, the device itself will no longer be enough. Customers will need a device that is seamlessly connected to the cloud in order to deliver the right solution or experience at home, at work or on the go.
Delivering on this promise innovative devices + cloud connectivity is where Lenovo will attack and grow. This is where we have proven capabilities, core competencies and competitive advantages. We have a unique advantage in combining our traditional strengths in end-user devices with our new capabilities in cloud and infrastructure to meet customer needs with a balanced Device + Cloud model. This is where Lenovo will attack and grow.
Devices will become entry points for amazing new content, services and solutions because they will have robust, seamless connectivity.
In the year ahead, we will continue to outperform the market in PCs while maintaining strong margins, return our Mobile business to worldwide growth while improving profitability, and drive strong top-line growth in our Data Center business.
Still, we will continue to face challenging conditions in all of these industries. But challenging times do not mean there are no growth opportunities. In fact, we have faced challenges before and always come out a stronger company.
Now, we have taken the bold action needed to help Lenovo achieve the levels of performance we expect of ourselves. We will be a different kind of company, and those differences will make us better. Our three growth engines PCs, Data Center and Mobile are well positioned to seize the tremendous opportunity in front 
I am confident in our strategy and in our team, and that Lenovo will be stronger than ever in the years ahead.

