Since I became CEO in 2009, Lenovo has been focused on the balance between driving outstanding near-term performance and building a solid foundation to ensure long-term success. This year, I am pleased to announce that Lenovo completed the best year in our history, and our future is brighter than ever.

During this past fiscal year, we achieved numerous records and positioned ourselves for even stronger growth as we look forward.
Our impressive achievements include: 
" Lenovo was the fastest growing major PC company every quarter during the fiscal year.
" Lenovo s worldwide market share reached an all-time high for the third straight year. This record was achieved by gaining share in every geography and every segment. Our strong, balanced performance included record performances across 
In China, we set another record for market share as we further solidified our market-leading position in the world s largest PC market.
We strengthened our position as the leader in global 
We set new market share records in key markets such as the United States, India and Russia.
" We set all-time records for unit shipments and sales, with sales surpassing US$29 billion.
" Our profitability again grew substantially thanks to strong, balanced performance worldwide and continued scaling of 
" We successfully launched a joint venture with NEC PC in Japan making Lenovo the number one PC company in the world s third-largest PC market. The JV enjoyed historic success, gaining share and growing profitability immediately, without any loss or slowdown in the business.
" We completed an acquisition of Medion AG in Germany, significantly boosting our consumer presence in Western Europe and adding critical new talents to our team.
" We opened a new production, research and development center in Chengdu, China, and created a joint venture with Compal. Both ventures will help further provide products to our customers in faster, more efficient ways while enhancing Lenovo s global supply chain and strengthening our integrated 
" Our Mobile Internet Digital Home (MIDH) Group had a strong performance in its first year. We are very close to double digit market share in China. In tablets, we are already the clear number one provider of Android tablets in China. We will build on this momentum to grow even stronger in smartphones and tablets in the year ahead, and also launch Smart TV in China.
" We launched our For Those Who Do brand campaign, gaining substantial improvements in our brand recognition worldwide, with an 86% increase in consumer brand consideration across our key markets.

Clearly, we performed at a world-class level in the past year. And our success demonstrates that we have the right strategy and are delivering strong execution.

foUnDaTion of oUR SUCCeSS Our strong performance was driven by the following key factors: " a clear strategy that delivers short-term results balanced with reaching long-term objectives: We continued to pro- tect our core markets in China and worldwide Commercial sales, while attacking and gaining both share and improved profitability in Emerging Markets, Consumer sales and Mobile Internet device sales. This clear strategy drove strong execution worldwide.
" our commitment to and investment in innovation that dif- ferentiates our products. Lenovo consistently wins awards and gets excellent reviews for the quality, design and functionality of our products. At this year s Consumer Electronics Show, we won a record 23 major awards, more than our top 5 competitors com- bined. Our products deliver the reliability and durability that meet our customers needs.
" our efficient, end-to-end business model. Our unique, dual- business model serves global, large enterprise customers through our relationship model and small-to-medium businesses and con- sumers through our transaction model. In the last year we invested to further strengthen our business model by enhancing our vertical 
" a strong global leadership organization that combines a di- verse, experienced leadership team with an organizational structure that enables frequent consultation, leading to thorough, effective decision-making. This allows our leaders to apply their expertise, insight and perspective at the speed necessary to lead in our fast- paced, global industry.
" our culture of commitment. Our teams around the world have embraced The Lenovo Way, living the idea that We do what we say and we own what we do. Our strong culture helps us operate with even greater speed, leading to a clear competitive advantage.

These key strengths will continue to be the foundation of our success in the years ahead, helping us drive strong growth as we push to become one of the world s leading personal technology companies.
LeaDinG in The pC+ aGe Our industry continues to change rapidly. In addition to traditional PCs, smartphones and tablets, along with Smart TV, are creating what we call the PC+ Era. All of these devices can be used to create and con- sume Internet content, while also running different screen sizes, different applications and offering different user experiences. The traditional PC will continue to be the critical component in the future, and Lenovo will continue to lead the PC s evolution through innovation.

201112 Annual Report Lenovo Group Limited 7 
Lenovo has been preparing for this industry change for several years.
Our MIDH Group is driving our expansion into these new devices, and we have made good progress. We have made our strongest gains in China, where our focus is to transform Lenovo into a full PC+ company in the year ahead. Outside of China, we will adopt 2-step strategy. We first will work to further strengthen our brand and continue to attack in the consumer space and enhance our channel, brand and ecosystem as a first step, before expanding further into the PC+ space. With a firm foundation in PCs, we will push ourselves even harder in the years ahead to ensure that our leadership in PCs transitions into leadership in the PC+ Era.

pRioRiTieS foR The yeaR aheaD In the year ahead, Lenovo will focus on these priorities: " Strategy: Our Protect and Attack strategy has led our success and growth for the last three years, and will continue to guide our execution. In the year ahead, we will protect our strengths in China and relationship sales, focusing on strengthening our leadership position and improving profitability. We will continue to attack in Emerging Markets and Consumer sales. And we will maximize our advantages to expand our serverworkstation business and expand our Services business.
" Win in the pC+ age: We will continue to attack in the Mobile In- ternet space, pushing for rapid growth in smartphones and tablets, and expanding into Smart TV.
" innovation: Our continuing investments in innovation will drive further breakthroughs on our core PC products, creating a better user experience and driving differentiation. In addition, we will make our products Cloud Ready and Cloud Easy. And we will bring bet- ter design, smoother user interface, killer applications, and a great customer experience to all our products.
" brand: We will continue to invest in our For Those Who Do cam- paign, to further increase awareness in our brand and drive growth worldwide. The continued strengthening of our brand will make us more competitive in the consumer space and enhance the value of our products, leading to improved profitability.
" business model: We will continue to invest in our end-to-end business model, particularly in enhancing and executing our vertical integration. This means enhancing our in-house manufacturing capa- bility, and building closer partnerships with strategic suppliers, helping us to define the specifications of key components, and develop exclu- sive core components, thereby driving more product differentiation.
" organized to Keep Growing: To support the execution of our strategy, we have rearranged our organizational structure into four geographies: China, North America, Europe-Middle East-Africa (EMEA) and Asia-Pacific Latin America (APLA). This means we can further tailor our strategy to address each geography and drive even 
" execution: Strong execution of our strategy has been the key to our growth. We will drive even greater success by continuing to focus on controlling costs and scaling expenses to further enhance 
Lenovo s accomplishments in the last year have put us in the position to become the leading PC company in the world. But we will not stop there. We are focused on what we need to accomplish to keep grow- ing in the PC+ Era and on reaching our long-term objective of becoming one of the world s leading personal technology companies a company respected and admired around the world, and a company that will last for generations. Our strong execution is led by our 27,000 people across the globe, who are fully committed to continuing our strong momentum. I have great confidence in our strategy and our team, and believe we are well positioned to continue to grow in the years ahead.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
