CHAIRMAN AND CEO STATEMENT
Now we are well
positioned to reap
the benefits of our
transformation with a
stronger performance
across our existing
businesses as well as
new lines of devices and
services driven by the
Cloud. I am confident in
both our strategy and
team and that Lenovo’s
best days are yet to come.
FY2016/17 has been a year of transformation for Lenovo – balancing growth and
profitability in our core business, while building our smartphone and data center
businesses into growth engines. We continued to deliver solid performance in our
core PC business, driven by success in fast-growing areas such as gaming PCs,
Chromebooks, workstations, detachables and Millennial PCs. At the same time our
smartphone business has started to see good traction, in particular from key growth
markets such as India and Brazil, which together have contributed significantly to
our overall performance in mobile. In the Data Center business we continued our
transformation journey by reinvigorating the business with a new leader to speed
up our return to growth and secure our future ambitions. Outside of our three core
business units we continue to focus on short-, medium- and long-term investments
and opportunities in emerging technologies through both our Research and
Technology teams, as well as our Lenovo Capital and Incubator Group.
Externally the trading environment across all our geographies and businesses was
challenging – something encountered by our whole industry. Emerging markets faced
continued currency volatility; the PC market remained flat; industry component costs
increased significantly in the second half of the year; growth and spending in China
slowed, and global economic uncertainty resulting from both Brexit and the new US
administration have made the last 12 months one of the most unpredictable years to
do business in.
Despite these external hurdles we achieved some key successes. We built a strategy
and structure that will guide strong execution worldwide and enable our diversified
business to flourish in the years ahead. By doing so we have reinforced our
foundations for a new era of long-term growth and position as a global technology
leader.
ACHIEVEMENTS IN 2016/2017
• Record market share of 21.4% in PCs. Focused on new high-growth markets such
as gaming PCs (grew 34%); detachables (grew 69%); Millennial PCs (grew 219%);
Chromebooks (grew 88%) and workstations (grew 10%). Continued to deliver
industry-beating profitability.
• Attracted industry-leading talent to our executive team – Kirk Skaugen joined from
Intel as Executive Vice President and President of the Data Center Group; Laura
Quatela from roles at Alcatel-Lucent and Kodak as Senior Vice President and Chief
Legal Officer, and Dr Yong Rui from Microsoft as Senior Vice President and Chief
Technology Officer.
• Launched the industry’s first modular smartphone with
the Moto Z – on track to sell 3 million units in the first 12
months since launch.
• Strong progress in key smartphone market of India and
Brazil where we ranked as number 2, contributing to our
global ranking of number 5 (excluding China).
• Grown our Data Center revenue with key global accounts
growing by 16 percent year-on-year.
• Introduced a revolutionary Low Temperature Solder (LTS)
manufacturing process, estimated to reduce carbon
emissions by 35 percent while also increasing efficiency.
Something that in time we will license to the wider
technology industry.
• Evolved our focus beyond PCs and tablets to wider
‘personal computing’ – including launch of award winning
Smart Assistant at CES 2017 which achieved 14 awards, as
well as launching the industry’s first Google Tango enabled
augmented reality (AR) device.
• Won some of the industry’s highest accolades for product innovation and design
– 18 Red Dot Design awards; 6 iF awards; 149 awards across major industry events
CES, MWC and IFA. In addition, Laptop Magazine named Lenovo ‘Best Laptop Brand’
– unseating the incumbent who had held the position for the past five years. The
award was based on a combination of innovation; support; value/selection; warranty
and design.
• Further recognised for advancements in our brand recognition and value as we were
ranked in Interbrand’s 100 Best Global Brands for the second year running. We were
also ranked as number 1 in Brand Z’s top 30 Chinese Global Brands
• Ongoing recognition for our good business practices, including receiving a 100%
rating in the Human Rights Corporate Equality Index; included in Corporate Knights
World’s Most Sustainable Corporations Index and rated ‘CSR Gold’ by the EcoVadis
sustainability assessment platform and in the top 2% of supplier in all categories.
We are very proud of these achievements but overall our results were not as strong
as we had hoped. Not only were we hampered by external trading conditions, but
the integration of our Motorola Mobility and IBM System X acquisitions was more
challenging and took more time than we had initially anticipated. Lenovo has grown
from a single business focusing on just PCs to a much broader and more complex
portfolio of businesses, each at a different stage of maturity and therefore having
different priorities. As a result we have established a multi-business operating system
to manage each business differently. Clear ownership is identified and each business
can leverage the resources of the corporate platform and build its own capabilities
necessary for growth. Alongside this we have our 3-wave strategy.
Wave 1:
PCs remain our stronghold. We have achieved industry-leading profitability in PCs
and smart devices and our aim is to balance this profitability with new growth areas
in the wider personal computing space. To do this we will better understand our
customers’ needs and innovate accordingly. This approach has already helped us to
uncover high-growth areas and market segments worth investing in where we can
excel. We have taken this one step further with our PC and Smart Devices business
by moving away from a structure focused on traditional product areas to one that
focus on three customer segments, namely: consumer, commercial and SMB. Each
customer segment now has full end-to-end accountability and ownership of its
business.
As we evolve our innovation in the wider personal computing space we are
confident that we can capitalise on new growth areas as well as benefit from
the ongoing consolidation in the traditional PC sector to gain overall share and
maximise efficiencies.
Wave 2:
Over the past two years Lenovo has strategically expanded and diversified through
acquisitions. Our focus now is on how to turn these into profit engines. In our Mobile
Business Group, we have simplified our offering to a single, smarter global product
portfolio that optimises costs and unifies the portfolio under one Moto brand. We
have refocused efforts on key growth markets and are targeting markets where we
know we can gain share. We have invested in our carrier relationships across the
world to drive growth and opportunity and our Moto Z is on track to sell 3 million
units in its first 12 months of launch. Our target is to achieve breakeven in the
second half of fiscal year 17/18.
In our Data Center Business, we have restructured our business around five of the
fastest growing market segments: Hyperscale Infrastructure; Software Defined
Data Center; High Performance Computing and Artificial Intelligence; Solutionsbased
Data Center Infrastructure, and Services. We have recruited new talent where
needed to drive these segments and are bolstering our sales capabilities in all areas
to ensure we can meet our goal to become one of the world’s top three trusted
data center players.
Wave 3:
Our third wave capitalizes on the opportunities that an era
of ‘Device + Cloud’ presents – where we can give wings of
connectivity to existing devices as well as create new devices
that provide specific services. We are looking at three core
areas: intelligent devices; intelligent cloud and intelligent services.
Together this focus, fuelled by Artificial Intelligence (AI), has the
power to change the way we live, the way we work and the societies
that we live in.
Although Lenovo has traditionally been seen as a device company, we know
the future will be ‘no service, no device’ – meaning our devices have to provide
specific services for our users. We have already made great strides in this 3rd
wave – from the likes of Lenovo Connect, an MVNO fuelled E-Sim card that makes
users always online and always connected, to some of the exciting Device+Cloud
technologies such as our smart home assistant launched in January at CES.
VISION FOR THE FUTURE
The vision for our future is very clear. In this Smart Internet era, Lenovo will provide
smart devices that integrate applications, services and the best user experience, as
well as robust cloud infrastructure to make life easier and better, and work more
productive and efficient.
But in today’s business environment we recognize that we will not win a customer
if we do not win their heart first. We always focus on the best product quality,
delivery, user experience and services we can for customers – but we know we can
do more. Every employee now has customer-centric performance measures built
into their development and across the business we are tracking key indicators to
ensure that every element of our value-chain is thinking about what is important to
our customers.
We also recognize that we need to do things differently. The entire company has
embraced and is aligned to a common idea that “Different is Better”. From the
fundamentally different innovations we continually bring to market, to the way we
challenge how we do business to make it better for our customers and partners.
From thinking differently about how we approach a seemingly everyday task, to
acting differently in all that we do.
Although we expect trading conditions to remain tough in many areas we remain
confident and positive about the future. Our focus this year has been to maintain
our industry leading profitability in PCs while building our mobile and data
center businesses into new growth and profit engines. This focus means we are
accelerating our transformation from merely a ‘device’ player to a ‘Device + Cloud’
one. We know it is not easy to balance strong profitability in our core business and
fully integrate the two acquired businesses and also make the transformation to a
Device + Cloud company. We have worked diligently to finish the hard part of the
job and have built the right foundations over the past fiscal year. Now we are well
positioned to reap the benefits of that transformation with a stronger performance
across our existing businesses as well as new lines of devices and services driven by
the Cloud.
I am confident in both our strategy and team and that Lenovo’s best days are yet to
come.
Thank you.
Yang Yuanqing
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer