on the back of a global economic downturn and subsequent IT market slowdown, even Chinas booming IT market was adversely affected, experiencing reduced levels of growth in 2001. After several years of seeing the market develop at high speed, in which the Group experienced surging market share and consistently excellent financial results, Legend last year had to face a wholly different business environment which presented the new management team with major challenges. Despite the unfavourable environment, the team approached their task with confidence, exploiting the difficult conditions by using them as a spur to readjust and reform the Groups strategies for survival and growth. After a careful analysis of market conditions, the management team put into practice a number of measures designed to stabilise the market and sustain Legends general economic health in the face of difficult conditions. These measures were successful in improving both the Groups gross profit and net profit margins, and maintaining continuous growth in profits.
Exposure to adverse conditions over the past year has honed the skills of Legends new management team and led to satisfactory results Legendshealthygrowthhaspartlycomeaboutduetoitsenhanced profile as a services and technologies provider and its increasing levels of informatisation over the past year, a repositioning which has set the Group up for new and wide-ranging anticipated future growth. Alongside this, the development of new business areas has reaped early rewards, beside providing Legend with valuable experience in strategic investment and the handling of international cooperative endeavours.
I believe economic development occurs in cycles, presenting a continuing round of opportunities and challenges. Ultimately, an enterprises vitality and achievement rests upon the intelligence and the sheer drive of its leaders, honed by exposure to adversity. The past year has brought its share of the latter, and I am highly encouraged to see that Legends management, led by Yang Yuanqing, has drawn on these experiences to grow further into a mature, proactive and resilient team. The clear abilities of the management in evaluating difficult situations and learning from experience, and their collective passion in seeking changes and innovations prove that they are indeed Legends most valuable assets to investors.

Hong Kong, 23rd May 2002 
