In the 200809 fiscal year, the PC industry was hard hit by the global economic crisis and as a result the operating environment for Lenovo became extremely challenging. Under the unprecedented economic crisis, enterprise customers delayed their purchase and cut down spending on PCs, leading to a reduction in global commercial PC demand. At the same time, the growth of the China PC market also slowed down as it was affected by the macroeconomic conditions.
These unfavorable factors impacted Lenovo s business performance in the second half of the 200809 fiscal year and also highlighted the urgency for the Group to improve its execution and operational efficiency.

Since its acquisition of IBM s PC business, Lenovo has progressed smoothly in the integration of its global operations and attained a number of achievements through steady implementation against its strategic directions. To meet the current economic challenges, Lenovo will remain steadfast in pursuing the defined strategic priorities and take decisive actions to alleviate the impact. First, Lenovo realigned its resources and organizational structure to boost operational efficiency and reduce expenses. It strives to stabilize the Group s business performance by focusing on enhancing the competitiveness and profitability of its core businesses.
Furthermore, Lenovo will endeavor to strengthen its position in the China PC market by leveraging the government s economic stimulus package to grow its business, accelerate its expansion into other emerging markets and the consumer PC market and at the same time strengthen its leading position in the worldwide 
The Group also introduced a series of changes in its management team to boost its ability to execute business strategies. Yang Yuanqing returned to the role of Chief Executive Officer in which he will apply his extensive experience in China and the insights that he has gained during the course of Lenovo s internationalization. When Lenovo acquired IBM s PC business in 2005, Yang Yuanqing considered working closely with managers from diverse cultural backgrounds and leadership styles a major challenge.
In the four years following the acquisition, he has gained valuable experiences that laid the groundwork for him to lead Lenovo towards success in the future. Rory Read, our newly appointed Chief Operating Officer, is very strong in execution and will work with Yang Yuanqing as the core of management, overseeing day-to-day operation of the Group.

In the twenty five years since Lenovo was founded, I have encountered many challenges, some seemingly insurmountable. We weathered through all the storms with courage, faith and luck, but also insights into corporate leadership that we have gained over the course. The Board of Directors has entrusted me with the chairmanship again to support the new management team in maximizing returns to shareholders. I am confident of living up to this expectation. I would like to take this opportunity to thank William Amelio for his contribution during his tenure at Lenovo. His expertise in operations and efforts in cultivating a global corporate culture have been instrumental in making Lenovo one of the leaders in 
I believe the decisive actions that we have taken to combat the economic crisis and the efforts to execute various strategic priorities will enable Lenovo to emerge as a more competitive company when the market recovers.

CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
7 200809 Annual Report Lenovo Group Limited 
Up against the severe global economic crisis, I expect Lenovo will continue to face significant challenges in the near future and see its business performance affected. However, I have strong confidence in the new management team and believe it will be able to effectively implement the defined strategies and fully realize Lenovo s strengths in business model, innovation and lean cost structure. These efforts will take Lenovo to new heights and return Lenovo to the path of sustainable and profitable growth. I believe the decisive actions that we have taken to combat the economic crisis and the efforts to execute various strategic priorities will enable Lenovo to emerge as a more competitive company when the market recovers.

I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders, my fellow board members, customers and employees for their continuous support for Lenovo. I hope the Group will continue to have your strong support in the future. We are committed to bringing sustainable long- term returns to our shareholders.

