In its first year as a global company, Lenovo not only smoothly incorporated the IBM PC Division into its operations, but also successfully competed in IT markets worldwide. Thanks to a carefully planned and executed strategy, Lenovo maintained its business stability, completed the initial acquisition integration and entered the next phase of its profitable growth strategy ahead of 
Our strategic direction for the next few years is based on the proven competitive strengths of our dual business model and on the next wave of growth opportunities in PCs: small- and medium- sized businesses (SMBs) and emerging markets. On one hand, Lenovo will continue to strengthen our China business and the relationship business that mainly services large enterprises outside of China. On the other hand, Lenovo will expand its successful dual transaction and relationship business model in China into the worldwide SMB and emerging markets.

Lenovo s dual business model approach was developed and refined in China, where, based on different customer needs and preferences in products, service, and buying channels, Lenovo first segmented customers into two types relationship and transaction and built complementary business models accordingly. The success of Lenovo s dual model in China lies in the end-to-end integration of product development, marketing, sales, manufacturing and customer service, allowing fast, yet disciplined, response to market shifts, allowing Lenovo to operate efficiently on an optimized cost structure.

The success of our relationshiptransaction model also allows Lenovo to achieve faster-than-market growth and strong profitability, even though our share of the PC market in China has already been more than 30 percent in the last fiscal year.

Chairman of the Board 
LENOVO GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 200506 3 
It made the China PC business the core of the new Lenovo. At the same time, Lenovo s mobile handset business in China improved its market position and established its own core competence in a short period of time by leveraging Lenovo s strengths in business model, branding, operating platform and corporate culture.

In our worldwide relationship business, the Think-brand business has established strong competitive advantages addressing the needs of large enterprise customers. ThinkPad has a leadership position in the high-end notebook market. And, Think-brand products successfully address the large enterprises requirement on total cost of ownership with its industry-leading service and support capability.

We believe that if we can combine these complementary strengths by quickly expanding the transaction business outside of China and building the relationship business inside China, we can build our PC business with core competence in every market of the world.

In the past year, Lenovo took significant steps to build on these strengths. We launched the Lenovo brand globally during the Turin Olympic Winter Games, rolled out Lenovo 3000 PC products the first Lenovo-brand launch outside of China and introduced new business partner programs to address the SMB and emerging markets. We implemented a global action plan to reduce cost and improve efficiency.

Going forward, Lenovo will launch more initiatives to further enhance its competitive strengths, operational efficiency and dual model worldwide. I believe that under the leadership of our experienced management team, Lenovo is well positioned to capture growth opportunities in the worldwide SMB and emerging markets, and to continue to build on its existing strengths, making Lenovo the best company in the PC industry with a strong presence in all major markets.

Lenovo s ultimate goal has always been to become an outstanding company with sustained high performance. In the next few years, my expectation for Lenovo s management is to continue focusing on PC business, pursue above-average growth, increase market share, achieve sustainable, profitable growth, and explore new growth opportunities beyond the PC industry. I believe Lenovo as a global company will strongly endeavor to bring sustainable long-term returns to investors.

