During the past fiscal year, the global IT industry experienced unprecedented changes. While strong growth continued in new sectors such as smartphones and tablets, traditional products such as desktop and notebook continued to decline, though it began stabilizing as the year came to a close. Yet even with such challenging and fast changing conditions, Lenovo delivered record performance across all product lines. In addition, we took bold actions to further strengthen our company and build new pillars for growth, positioning Lenovo to become an even stronger and more diversified global technology leader in the decade ahead.

During the past fiscal year, we delivered record performance across all our lines of business. Our list of achievements 
" Lenovo s worldwide PC market share reached an all-time high for the fifth straight year as we became the world s #1 PC company! Our clear strategy guided our consistent growth, and we achieved a dream that many thought would be impossible. If we look deeper, we see the strength of our core PC business in every geography and 
Our strong, balanced performance included record setting share levels in all four geographies. Highlights included strengthening our #1 position in China, the world s largest PC market, while also reaching #1 in Brazil and double-digit share in the United States for the first time ever.

Also for the first time, we became #1 in both commercial and consumer PCs during the year. We only began our consumer PC business in 2009 outside of China, after the economic downturn. This fast growth is proof of our execution capability, operational excellence and the strength of our business model.
" We again set all-time records for unit shipments and sales, with revenue of almost $39 billion, and sales of almost four Lenovo devices every second of every day all while continuing to deliver on our commitments to 
" We also delivered record performance in tablets and 
In tablets, we dramatically increased worldwide sales, selling nearly 10 million units. Again, we showed we can lead the way through innovation, with our new Yoga Tablet breaking new ground as the world s first multimode tablet. In PCs and tablets combined, we are already #2 in the world.
In smartphones, we continue to have a strong #2 position in China, the world s largest market. We also had strong growth worldwide, expanding to 26 new markets, and achieving double-digit share in multiple markets. Overall, we grew almost 60% worldwide, hit our stretch target of 50 million units, and are now #4 
" We built a strong foundation in servers, growing volume by 33% year-over-year. More importantly, we positioned ourselves for even stronger future growth by increasing investments in our infrastructure, people, and our product 
201314 Annual Report Lenovo Group Limited 9 
" We continued to strengthen our leading end-to-end business model with even greater vertical integration, opening new manufacturing facilities in Wuhan, China, and in Itu, Brazil. These additions to our worldwide network not only make us more efficient, but also make us more responsive to market changes and customer 
" Even as we strengthen our leadership in the market, we also proved our innovation leadership, earning a record 61 awards at the Consumer Electronics Show, the world s largest and most prestigious technology event.
In addition, we earned multiple awards at the Mobile World Congress, including our first for an app our SHAREit mobile app demonstrating we are extending our innovation to our ecosystem.
" We built the foundation for our Ecosystem business, creating one of the world s largest app stores with around 6 billion total downloads and almost 25 million daily downloads. Our ecosystem is helping to create a new and unique experience for Lenovo users. And we have created several star applications. Already, the award winning SHAREit app has more than 100 million users, and we have several more apps with over 50 million users to date.

Our strong performance across our entire business, and setting so many records in a challenging market environment, puts Lenovo in an incredibly strong position.
Yet even after a record year, we must never be complacent and must always focus on the future.
BOLD ACTIONS TO DRIVE FUTURE GROWTH In 201314, Lenovo announced plans to acquire the x86 server business from IBM, and then to acquire Motorola Mobility from Google. We have been decisive and determined in seizing these tremendous opportunities to create future pillars of growth.

The IBM x86 server deal matches the global scale, full product portfolio, and technology leadership of IBM with Lenovo s strong commercial business and channel 
relations, efficient in-house manufacturing, and operational excellence. This combination will enable us to outperform both traditional rivals as well as OEMODMs.

The Motorola deal brings a global brand recognized around the world, strong carrier and channel relationships worldwide, and a strong portfolio of Intellectual Property (IP) and rights. By combining these strengths with Lenovo s manufacturing efficiency and strong presence in China and emerging markets, this deal will not only create the world s third largest smartphone company, but also the combined capabilities to break through from the pack of Tier 2 
Most importantly, both of these deals will bring unmatched talent to Lenovo. Not only does each deal bring strong teams of experts with deep relationships in their businesses, but both bring some of the best and most experienced engineers in the world, further strengthening our innovation leadership.

We have also proven our ability to successfully manage M&A and integrate new businesses. From the original IBM PC deal, through our integrations with NEC PC, Medion, CCE, Compal, Stoneware, and EMC, we have always been able to bring companies, cultures and people together to win quickly.

We are working with regulatory authorities on both of these acquisitions. Subject to that approval, once complete, I am confident that our preparation, capabilities, operational excellence and clear strategy will again enable us to achieve sustainable growth, long-term success and outstanding results for our company, our customers and 
ORGANIZED FOR THE FUTURE Lenovo is well prepared to succeed with both of these deals.
They are both perfect fits for our strategy, and our vision for the future. Moreover, we have already organized ourselves to effectively manage these new businesses. Even before we announced these deals, Lenovo had already determined to 
10 Lenovo Group Limited 201314 Annual Report 
CHAIRMAN AND CEO STATEMENT 
ThinkPad X1 Carbon 
reorganize our company to ensure we could continue to drive consistent growth in our existing businesses and prepare ourselves to capture new opportunities.

Our new structure took effect April 1, 2014, and created four business groups (BGs): PC, Mobile, Enterprise and EcosystemCloud. By organizing each as end-to- end businesses, these BGs will be able to drive greater efficiency and drive strong growth. Each has a strong leader, a clear strategy and a significant opportunity to create sustainable, profitable growth. With this structure, we are confident that we can maintain our strong momentum in our core businesses, grow new businesses and successfully integrate our acquisitions to begin realizing synergies and creating value from day one.
FOUNDATION OF OUR SUCCESS With the help of our formula for success, our strong performance last year was driven by the same factors that will be the key to our future success: " A clear strategy that balances delivering strong short-term results with reaching long-term objectives: We protect our core PC business, increasing profitability even as we continue to see strong opportunities for growth as the industry consolidates.
And we will attack in Mobile, Enterprise and Ecosystem 
Cloud to drive growth and gain share. Our clear strategy continues to drive strong execution worldwide.
" Our commitment to and investment in innovation that differentiates our products. Lenovo s investments in innovations continue to drive growth through differentiation. For example, the new Yoga Tablet drove Lenovo s substantial share gains in tablets.
Lenovo continues to be the clear leader in defining the new multimode PC space, with products like Yoga and Helix. In the year ahead, you can expect a new generation of innovative products, more exciting applications around security, synchronization and Cloud, and more innovations in key components, such as biometric technology, gesture and voice control, display technology, and new materials. We will continue to make our products more exciting, and more useful, for 
" Our efficient, end-to-end business model. Lenovo never stops improving its unique, dual-business model: serving global, large enterprise customers through our relationship model and small-to-medium businesses and consumers through our transaction model. In addition, our hybrid manufacturing model gives us a key competitive advantage by giving us additional flexibility to meet customers needs. Operational excellence is a core Lenovo strength, making us one of the few companies in the world that can make the dual model work.

201314 Annual Report Lenovo Group Limited 11 
" A strong, diverse global team that attracts the top talents at both a worldwide level and in key markets.
We have six nationalities in our top 10 leaders and about 20 in our top 100, giving us the diversity of perspectives required to make the best decisions. While incredibly diverse, our team is united by the Lenovo Way our commitment, ownership and pioneer culture.
This shared set of values helps us operate with even greater speed, creating a clear competitive advantage.

In 2010, I started talking about our PC Plus strategy, and since then we have grown our Plus businesses (smartphones, tablets, enterprise) to account for 16 percent of our total revenue. I expect that amount to grow even faster in the future. This evolution of our business requires us to have a more precise description of our strategy, which we call Triple PLUS Strategic Roadmap.

The first new Plus combines PC, mobile and smart TV to become Smart Connected Devices. Everything we do starts with our core PC business, but Lenovo is one of the few companies able to provide a full range of Internet connected devices. This Plus enables us to share innovation, operational excellence, channel strengths and brands across all devices.

The second combines Smart Connected Devices with Infrastructure Devices, forming our Total Device Portfolio.
We have built strong relationships with our enterprise customers and channel partners, who are interested in adding servers and storage to the PCs, tablets and smartphones they get through Lenovo.

The third combines our Total Device Portfolio with Cloud Service to create The Lenovo Experience. We will expand our offerings in Cloud computing, Cloud services and Cloud storage to deliver a compelling experience and value across our entire device portfolio for our customers.
READY FOR THE FUTURE In the past year, we did more than make history. We also built the foundation for our future. And we know opportunity favors those who are prepared, proactive and ready to be bold. Lenovo is this kind of company. We are not only a proven technology leader today with a strong core business, but we are also a company for tomorrow poised for continued innovation, profitable growth and 
I am confident that even though we have had such great achievements already, our best and brightest years are still to come at Lenovo. Thank you.

