The 200405 fiscal year was remarkable for Lenovo.
Lenovo strengthened its competitiveness in core business areas (PCs and related products) and strategic new business (mobile handsets) with timely and successful strategic initiatives, overcoming intensified competition in the China IT market and changing consumer needs. With our acquisition of the IBM s personal computer business, Lenovo became a global company, fulfilling a long- standing goal. Through most of the fiscal year, Lenovo worked on the acquisition negotiations as well as complex integration and closing activities. However, through strong execution, the Group not only completed the acquisition early, in five months time, but also achieved continuing growth in operating results. I m very proud of Lenovo s management for their outstanding performance.

Lenovo is a company with great ambition. It has been searching for breakthroughs in development since 2001.

Last year, Lenovo implemented strategic initiatives focused on developing our core business and strategic new business, customer needs and operating efficiencies. One thing worth mentioning is that management made changes to Lenovo s original business model, based on a better 
ANNUAL REPORT 200405 
ANNUAL REPORT 200405 5 
Since its founding, Lenovo has held fast to a core vision to become a true player in the global PC market. With the acquisition of IBM s Personal Computing Division in 2005, Lenovo finally fulfilled the dream of two generations of Lenovo employees and marked the beginning of an important new era for the Group. This acquisition is truly a milestone in the Group s history.

In all, 2004 was an extraordinary year for Lenovo.
Through our historic acquisition of IBM s PC business, we have effectively transformed Lenovo into a flourishing, large-scale global company. And, alongside our negotiations with IBM, we also saw equally historic changes in the way Lenovo does business. The success of these strategic initiatives has demonstrated not only Lenovo s ability to execute but also our courage to overcome obstacles, the essence of an outstanding company.

Today, the new Lenovo is moving ahead with great confidence and momentum, fully prepared to compete with the best enterprises worldwide. I am confident in Lenovo s future and believe that under Steve Ward s and Yuanqing Yang s leadership Lenovo will set a standard for global enterprises and make important contributions to the development and use of technology worldwide.
I firmly believe that Lenovo s financial results will reflect the exceptional ambition, courage and intelligence of our management and employees.

Message from Former Chairman 
Chuanzhi Liu (left), former Chairman of Lenovo, and John Joyce (right), Senior Vice President & Group Executive of Global Services of IBM, at the acquisition signing ceremony.

understanding of our customers needs and analysis of the buying characteristics of transactional versus relationship customers. These changes improved our original transaction-focused sales model, allowing us to gain volume increases by developing markets in tier-five and -six cities. We have also started to see the benefits from developing the relationship customer model.

I believe that these initiatives will positively affect Lenovo s long-term development, enabling us to gain greater advantage in major China market segments and to identify growth drivers in China for the next three-to-five years.
Looking further into the future, these initiatives will help the new Lenovo explore opportunities to achieve world-class operating efficiency, strengthen its global competitiveness, and also build a solid foundation for success.

On May 1, 2005, Lenovo entered a new era of globalization, with the closing of its acquisition of IBM s global personal computer business. Lenovo will be able to leverage the brand recognition of the Lenovo and Think names, the complementary nature of Lenovo and IBM s personal computer business, and our highly sophisticated operating platform. I firmly believe that Lenovo will become the best enterprise in the personal 
In five years, our expectation for the management team is to transform Lenovo to an outstanding PC brand; significantly increase market share through global operations; maintain healthy profitability; build a competitive business model; and explore new development opportunities beyond the personal 
Lenovo s ultimate goal has always been to become an outstanding company with sustained high performance. I m confident that Lenovo will achieve this, and other, important goals for its shareholders.

