he past fiscal year saw the global PC industry enter an unprecedented phase of transformation, with rapid growth in new sectors like mobile and cloud computing and intense competition in traditional segments of our industry like consumer and commercial PCs. Yet despite the rapid changes and challenging conditions we face, Lenovo delivered a year of historic milestones and outstanding performance. Even more, we are in an incredibly strong position not to simply navigate through a period of transformation, but rather to lead our industry into its next era the PC+ era.

A YEAR OF MILESTONES As a result, during this past fiscal year, we achieved numerous milestones in our PC business. Our impressive achievements 
" Lenovo s worldwide market share reached an all-time high for the fourth straight year. We were the fastest 
growing major PC company every quarter this year thanks to a strong, balanced performance that includes gaining share in every geography and segment, and setting records around the world.
In China, we again set a market share record as we further solidified our leading position in the world s largest PC market.
We strengthened our position as the leader in global emerging markets, reaching number one in PCs in major markets like India and Russia during the year while making great strides forward in high-growth regions like Brazil, Latin America and ASEAN.
We became or maintained our position as the number 1 PC company in key mature markets like Japan and Germany, while setting a PC share record in the United States. This success was fueled not only by our historically strong commercial business, but also by significant expansion in our consumer business, driven by innovative product launches, brand building and improvements in our retail position.
" We set all-time records for unit shipments and sales, with sales surpassing $33 billion.

201213 Annual Report Lenovo Group Limited 9 
" We reached an all-time record for profitability, surpassing $800 million for the fiscal year. Not only was our commercial PC business profitable, but most of our regions delivered profitable PC growth throughout the 
" We announced the construction of a manufacturing line in the U.S. to build Think branded PC products, becoming the first PC company to build its own products in the U.S. in more than a decade and leading other players to follow in our footsteps and expand manufacturing in the U.S. as well.
" We proved our ability to not only be a market share leader, but also an innovation leader, delivering a record 53 awards at the Consumer Electronics Show the world s largest and most prestigious technology trade event. This success also helped drive our brand to new heights. For the first time, Lenovo was listed among the world s most powerful brands by Fortune magazine.

PROGRESS IN OUR PC+ EVOLUTION Even more, as the market has changed, Lenovo has also transformed itself for the PC+ era. Already, we are number 3 worldwide in PC+, which includes PCs, smartphones and tablets. We will continue to invest for growth in PC+, but we have already made great early progress. Key achievements 
" Overall, our Mobile Internet Digital Home (MIDH) Group continued its rapid growth, and now accounts for 9% of our overall revenue only 2 years after being started.

" Smartphone sales surged in China, as Lenovo became number 2 in the world s biggest smartphone market.
" On the strength of China and successful launches in new markets like India, the Philippines, Vietnam, Indonesia and Russia, Lenovo continue to build momentum as a global smartphone leader.
" Our global tablet sales rose by 74%. Tablets are a significant growth driver in our industry, and we have established a strong foundation to build on in the next 
" Lenovo completed several key M&A activities: CCE in Brazil, for consumer technology products; EMC in the U.S. in servers and storage; and Stoneware in the U.S. in cloud computing. Each of these successful transactions will help position us for continued growth in the PC+ market.
" We continued to drive our unique hybrid manufacturing strategy and invest in vertical integration especially with new facilities in Brazil and our new mobile device- focused plant in Wuhan, China. These investments will help us drive not only efficiency, but also outstanding product development across the PC+ spectrum of 
FOUNDATION OF OUR SUCCESS Our strong performance, in both our core PC business and our fast growing PC+ businesses, was driven by the following key factors: " A clear strategy that balances delivering strong short-term results with reaching long-term objectives: We continued to protect our core markets in China and global commercial PC sales, while attacking to gain share in emerging markets, consumer sales and mobile internet device sales. For the first time, our attack businesses like mobile, consumer and emerging markets delivered about half of our total revenue and these businesses also delivered improved profitability in almost every segment. This clear strategy drove strong 
10 Lenovo Group Limited 201213 Annual Report 
CHAIRMAN AND CEO STATEMENT 
" Our commitment to and investment in innovation that differentiates our products. Lenovo s investments in innovations continued to pay off, both in PCs and in PC+ products. These innovations lead to differentiation that is embraced by customers. For example, Lenovo was the clear leader in defining the new convertible PC space. Products like Yoga showcased innovation in combining the best of PC and tablet form factors to capitalize on the launch of Windows 8. We also created a new category with our Horizon table PC. This not only captured attention and many prestigious awards, but it demonstrates our ability to drive significant innovation in PCs and create new markets where we can generate growth and establish a 
" Our efficient, end-to-end business model. Lenovo has a unique, dual-business model, one that serves global, large enterprise customers through our relationship model and small-to-medium businesses and consumers through our transaction model. This helps us meet the unique needs of both audiences emphasizing customization and premium quality in relationship, while delivering speed, competitive pricing and a balance of innovation and efficiency in transactional businesses.
" A strong, diverse global team that harnesses the top talents at both a worldwide level and in key markets helps us ensure we have a clear, deep understanding of our industry and our customers. While incredibly diverse, this global-local team is united by our Lenovo Way culture of commitment and ownership. This shared set of values helps us operate with even greater speed, creating a clear competitive advantage.

LEADING IN THE PC+ AGE These have been our core strengths since we successfully recovered from the 2009 economic downturn. And they will remain our foundation as we embrace the new challenges 
of the PC+ era. In fact, we have been preparing for this transformation for years.

Investments in our Mobile Internet and Digital Home division over the past 2 years helped us quickly capture smartphone opportunities in China and prepared us to expand into many more markets this year.

Our long-term commitment to R&T readied us to excel with new form factors and new innovations. In fact, Lenovo first created the concept of the hybrid PC in 2010 before any company had a significant tablet product on the market. As a result, we were ready to take the lead in the development of the new generation of convertible products that take advantage of touch, long battery life and increased use of cloud computing and high speed 
Our organizational structure is designed to help us become faster, more efficient, more innovative and more capable of deeply implementing our strategy in every key market. This year, we will operate with a refined front end structure that brings North America and Latin America together to improve efficiency and better leverage synergies between these regions, while maintaining the rest of our sales structure. More important, we have also created two groups Think Business Group and Lenovo Business Group to further enhance the speed, efficiency and responsiveness of our end-to-end product development.
The Lenovo Business Group will focus on transactional to mainstream PCs and maintain our momentum in smartphones and mobile devices. The Think Business Group will focus on premium products as well as enterprise services (like servers and storage). It will also focus on extending Think branded PCs from the global leader in the commercial space to a respected premium PC brand for 
201213 Annual Report Lenovo Group Limited 11 
These organizations will be supported by a lean, efficient integrated operations team that will continue to drive speed and efficiency in our end-to-end business model, particularly by executing our vertical integration strategy. This means enhancing our in-house manufacturing capability, building closer partnerships with strategic suppliers and partners, and ensuring Lenovo continues to improve in core metrics like perfect order fulfillment, cost per box and overall customer satisfaction.

With this structure, we will focus on the key to success in the PC+ era: differentiation through innovation. Lenovo has the gene of innovation. Our global Innovation Triangle in the U.S., China and Japan is capable of creating new markets with ground-breaking ideas. We will deliver further breakthroughs on our core PC products, creating a better user experience and driving differentiation. In addition, we will make our products Cloud Ready and Cloud Easy. And we will bring better design, smoother user interface, killer applications, and a great customer experience to all our 
And we will continue to invest in our For Those Who Do brand campaign to further increase awareness in our brand and drive growth worldwide. The continued strengthening of our brand will make us more competitive in the consumer space and enhance the value of our products, leading to improved profitability. Already, our brand has reached new heights, but in the coming year we must truly establish ourselves as a global consumer and commercial brand of choice in the PC+ space.

Lenovo s accomplishments in the last year have put us in position to become the leading PC company in the world. But that distinction is just another milestone on our 
longer journey. Today, we are more prepared than ever for the challenges ahead. This year, we will accelerate our transformation and become not just a PC market share leader, but a global PC+ innovation leader that is respected around the world and prepared to win for many years to come. I have great confidence in our strategy and our team, and believe we are well positioned to continue to grow and thrive in the years ahead.

