CHairman & CHieF exeCutive OFFiCer s statement 
On behalf of Future Land Development Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ), I am pleased to present to our shareholders the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2014.
Review of 2014 As a leading real estate developer in the Yangtze River Delta, the Group continued to uphold the development strategy of high regional concentration, high turnover and product diversification in 2014, during which we achieved encouraging contracted sales of approximately RMB24.51 billion (annual contracted sales target for the year was RMB24 billion) against the backdrop of growth slowdown in the domestic real estate market, based on its forward-looking judgement, efficient and excellent execution power. In addition, faced with the increasingly complex and ever-changing market environment and differentiated industry trends, the Group has managed to consistently study and keep up with the latest trends, worked out countermeasures in a timely manner and steadily pushed forward land expansion, geographical planning, construction, property sales and business operations in a down-to-earth manner. During the year, we have successively gained 13 quality sites in 11 cities. While consolidating our leading position in the Yangtze River Delta, we have also managed to expand presence into six key cities, including Changchun, Qingdao, Jinan, Anqing, Nanchang and Haikou, serving as the first step of our nationalization strategy and laying a sound foundation for the Group s national deployment of the Injoy brand.

During the year, we continued to explore innovative business models. In addition to the venture into property development in the tourism and cultural industry, the Group had a trial in prefabricated houses and 3D modularized residential units in cooperation with Zhenjiang Wei Xin Guangsha Modular System Ltd. ( Zhenjiang Wei Xin )_lZO!jJXOO[]mi gPlQS . We have also seized the opportunity to launch our marketing broker APP platform and the New Orange eYj>y service platform, bringing fully enhanced living experiences to customers, property owners, employees and consumers.
Meanwhile, we carefully expanded presence to the international market by cooperating with America s famous real estate developer Lennar Corporation ( Lennar ) on the development of apartment buildings for lease- out purpose. In addition, Shanghai Qingpu Injoy Plaza , our first commercial project in first-tier cities, successfully started trial operations at the end of the year and set a new business record in the local area by celebrating more than 300,000 visits on the first day of its opening. 2014 was a very challenging and fruitful year for the Group! Sound pRopeRty SaleS, Stable incReaSe in RevenueS Benefiting from strict implementation of the operation strategies formulated at the beginning of the year, the Group has successfully fulfilled its full-year sales target by achieving contracted sales of RMB24.51 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.8%; contracted total gross floor area ( GFA ) sold was approximately 2,769,000 sq.m., representing an increase of 25.5% as compared to the full year of 2013. Project deliveries were in good progress with revenues slightly down by approximately 0.3% only to RMB20,718.7 million from 2013. Core earnings (excluding after-tax fair value gains on investment properties and after-tax fair value gains upon transfer of properties held for sale to investment properties) attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately RMB707.3 million, representing a decrease of approximately 26.4% compared to 2013. The Board has recommended a final dividend of RMB0.05 per share, representing a pay-out ratio of 40.1% of the core earnings attributable to shareholders.

caRefully expanding land bank, Seizing maRket oppoRtunitieS During the year, the Group carefully studied market patterns in different cities and regions, and seized opportunities arising from the moderated state of the land market from its previously overheated condition by acquiring 13 quality sites at competitive prices, which enhanced the Group s land reserve to an additional buildable GFA of approximately 4.40 million sq.m.. Besides further deepening its presence in key cities, such as Shanghai, Nanjing, Suzhou, Hangzhou, Wuhan, Changzhou, Wuxi, Nantong, Zhenjiang and Changsha, the Group has selected six new cities, including Changchun, Qingdao, Jinan, Anqing, Nanchang and Haikou, to further expand and balance the distribution of its business operations. The Group believes that acquisition of the above quality sites will help provide necessary resources and support to the Group s 1+3 business strategies of focusing on Shanghai and Yangtze River Delta while expanding into Pearl River Delta, Bohai Rim and Central and Western China . As at 31 December 2014, we had 100 real estate projects in 16 major cities in the PRC, of which 51 were under construction andor held for future development.
The Group has a land bank of a total GFA of approximately 15.56 million sq.m., of which approximately 11.21 million sq.m. is attributable to the Group s interests.
enhancing exteRnal coopeRation, Reducing inveStment RiSkS During the year, the Group has held an open attitude to enhance cooperation and explore various opportunities. Besides cooperating with excellent counterparts in the real estate industry, such as China Vanke Co., Ltd. (,yOmiN gPlQS), CIFI Group Co., Ltd. (eWN gPlQS) and Excellence Group Co., Ltd. (SSnmiW gPlQS) etc., the Group has also carried out cooperation with quality local companies, such as Gefei Asset Management Co., Ltd.(Lke"u{t gPlQS), Nanjing Gongmi Industrials Co., Ltd. (WSN][[mi gPlQS) and Zhenjiang Wei Xin etc.. In addition, the Group tried to establish partnership with leading real estate companies in the international market by cooperating with America s famous real estate developer, Lennar, on the development of apartment buildings for lease-out purpose.
The Group sincerely hopes to learn from and complement resources with the above excellent companies. While trying for more beneficial attempts, the Group intends to learn from each other, share each other s resources and explore more growth opportunities and synergies for joint growth and achieve effective reduction of investment and operation risks.

caRRying out StRict financial management, optimizing debt 
During the year, the Group continued to maintain a prudent and sound debt and cash flow management policy.
As a testimony to its financial capabilities, the Group was issued a Ba3 by Moody s and maintained a BB- rating with Standard & Poor s. Meanwhile, the Group seized local and foreign financing opportunities by issuing a tranche of USD350 million 10.25% senior notes due 2019 in July 2014, and our subsidiary Jiangsu Future Land Co., Ltd. (_l eW0W"uN gPlQS) also issued corporate bonds with principal amount of RMB2,000 million in the same month.
Issuance of the above-mentioned senior notes and bonds helped the Company further improve debt structure and diversify financing channels. As at 31 December 2014, the Group s net debt-to-equity ratio was 52.6%, cash at bank and on hand (including restricted cash) was RMB7,436.5 
a c t i v e ly p R o m o t i n g p u b l i c welfaRe and undeRtaking Social 
In 2014, we continued to promote the Group s public welfare brand Seven Color Program , aiming to actively take the corporate social responsibility, bring people together and care about the next generation s education.
During the year, we successively provided education support, donated books and multimedia teaching instruments, and established reading rooms in Zhangling Elementary School in Wuning County, Jiangxi Province, Wu Jun Elementary School in Taihu County, Anhui Province and Qingshan Elementary School in Lichuan County, Enshi Autonomous Prefecture of Hubei Province, providing more education opportunities and care to children in the impoverished areas. In the future, we will continue to take more social responsibilities and provide more practical support to the underprivileged groups through Seven Color Program and many more other public welfare 
p R o S p e c t S a n d f u t u R e 
In 2015, the Chinese economy will maintain the new normal of middle and low-speed growth with the government shifting more attention to healthy, rational and sustainable economic development in the long term.
Along with the withdrawal of administrative measures, such as restrictions on home purchases and bank loans, and gradual return to market-based regulation and control, differentiation in development will become more apparent among different cities and regions. However, the long- term stable and healthy macroeconomic development, ongoing urbanization, unabated demand of consumers for improving housing quality and experiencing fascination at commercial places will remain the most powerful drivers for sustainable and steady development of the real estate industry. We believe enhanced adjustments will lead to white-hot competition among companies and future competition will focus more on a company s capabilities to self improvements, continue to enhance its core competitiveness and adapt to the ever-changing 
In view of the above, the Group will steadily promote contracted sales in a flexibly way grasping an understanding of changing customer s need amid the on- going effort of active inventory clearance. We are very confident to achieve the Group s preset sales target of RMB28 billion for 2015. We will continue to deepen presence in the existing markets by further consolidating our competitive edges and residential property business.
Meanwhile, we will continue to be prudent about entering new markets, where we intend to seek commercial properties in regions with development potentials, further enhance the market exposure and influence of the Injoy brand across the country. In addition, we will also be careful about cooperation or acquisition opportunities, seek cooperation with excellent companies, explore new business models in domestic and overseas markets, further optimize the Company s diversification strategy and enhance the Group s adaptability to changes so as to open up a new space for the Group s middle and long-term 
The Group will continue to adhere to a stringent financial policy, optimize capital structure, reduce financing costs, ensure sound cash flow and enhance risk management ability of the Group. The Group believes that these operating strategies will enable us to remain competitive and mitigate risks in a volatile market environment, thereby ensuring the Group s sustainable growth.

The Group s steady growth is attributable to the enormous support from relevant parties and invaluable contributions of our staff. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our wholehearted gratitude to our staff, shareholders, investors, partners and customers for their trust and support. Bearing in mind the motto of Hearty Dedication Just For You (N_ VO w) , we are going to create higher values and returns for our customers, shareholders and investors.

Chairman and CEO 16 February 2015 