CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors ( the Board ) of Golden Resorts Group Limited ( the Company ), I am pleased to announce the result of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2008.
For the year ended 31 December 2008, the Group s turnover was approximately HK$422 million, representing a decrease of 11% as compared with HK$474 million in last year.
Revenue from hotel operation reported a 4% drop from HK$151 million last year to HK$145 million, whereas revenue from casino amounted to HK$277 million, a decrease of 14% as compared to HK$323 million in last year.
The Group recorded loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately HK$181 million, whereas there was a profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of approximately HK$138 million in last year. The loss in year 2008 was arrived at after charging impairment loss of prepaid land lease payments of HK$142 million, impairment loss on available-for-sale investment of HK$13 million, net unrealised loss of trading securities of HK$80 million and realised loss on disposal of trading securities of HK$38 million. The basic loss per share was HK2.44 cents (2007: Earnings per share 
The Board of the Company recommended a payment of final dividend of HK1 cent per share of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2008, subject to approval by shareholders of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting to be held on 2 June 2009.

BONUS ISSUE OF WARRANTS On 3 June 2008, the Company issued bonus warrants to shareholders on the basis of one bonus warrant for every five shares held. Such warrants entitle the registered holder to subscribe for new shares of the Company at an initial subscription price of HK35 cents per share, subject to amendment, at any time from 3 June 2008 to 9 June 2010. During the year under review, 3,333 shares were subscribed by a registered holder.
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF 
The book closure dates are from 29 May 2009 to 2 June 2009, both days inclusive. No transfer of shares will be registered during this period. In order to qualify for the entitlement to the final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2008, all transfers accompanied by relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Abacus Limited at 26F., Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong by no later than 4:30 p.m. on 27 May 
Hotel & Gaming Business In 2008, global market suffered from unprecedented upheaval particularly pursuant to outbreak of financial tsunami in second half of the year. At the local level, Macau also experienced intensive competition which hindered the growth of the hotel and gaming industry. The government of the People s Republic of China (the PRC ) tightened its visa policy, leading to a drop in number of mainland visitors to Macau. The shortened average length of stay added to the adverse impact on the said policy.

BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED) Hotel & Gaming Business (Continued) The Group recorded hotel and gaming revenue of HK$422 million in year 2008, a drop of HK$52 million or 11% as compared to HK$474 million in year 2007. Gaming income accounted for 66% (2007: 68%) and revenue from the hotel business contributed 34% (2007: 32%) of the total turnover.
The Group s gaming operation continued to receive solid contribution amid fierce competition arising from opening of other new casinos, expanded capacity of existing casinos and drop of mainland visitors following the tightened visa policy of the PRC. Gaming revenue amounted to HK$277 million for the year 2008 (2007: HK$323 million).
The Group s hotel operation, mainly comprised of hotel rooms and food and beverage, experienced mild drop in year 2008. The corresponding revenue amounted to HK$145 million (2007: HK$151 million). Through well planned renovation work leading to upgrading of guest rooms coupled with top-class attentive services, the Group is confident to enhance the profitability in the hotel operation.
Future Business Prospects and Plans The Group is continuously pursuing various marketing and promotion activities though the comprehensive membership programme. Guests can enjoy quality services within the Group s properties with the use of our casino package. The Group recorded expansion in membership base of 
The Group will also further strengthen its position with travel agencies and offer packages and joint promotions with business partners to direct a wider scope of customers to the two hotels and gaming facilities. In particular with the tightened visa policy of the PRC, the Group will devote more resources to customers from other territories such as South East Asia countries.

As at 31 December 2008, the Group employed a total of approximately 750 staff. The employees remuneration, promotion and salary adjustment are assessed based on their work performance, working and professional experiences and the prevailing market practice.
PLEDGE OF ASSETS As at 31 December 2007, the Group s leasehold land and buildings in Macau with a market value of approximately HK$2,530 million were pledged to banks for banking facilities granted to the Group amounted to approximately HK$140 million. As at 31 December 2008, the pledge had been fully released and no asset was pledged.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE AND INTEREST 
As the Group s hotel revenues are mostly based on Macau Patacas ( MOP ), having considered the exchange rate of MOP is fairly stable, no foreign exchange and interest rate risk management or related hedges were made at present. Proper policy will be in place when the Board considers 
REVIEW BY AUDIT COMMITTEE The Audit Committee (the Committee ) meets the external auditors at least once a year to discuss any areas of concerns during the audits. The Committee reviews the interim and annual reports before submission to the Board. The Committee focuses not only on the impact of the changes in accounting policies and practices but also on the compliance with accounting standards, the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the Listing Rules ) and the legal requirements in the review of the Company interim and annual reports.

The Group had complied with the code provisions set out in the Code on Corporate Governance Practices (the Code ) contained in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) during the year ended 31 December 2008, except that the Non-executive Director and Independent Non- executive Directors are not appointed for specific terms and are subject to re-election at the annual general meeting of the Company in accordance with the provisions of the Company s bye-laws.
By Order of the Board CHU, Nicholas Yuk-yui 
Hong Kong, 20 April 2009 