Chairman’s Statement
On behalf of Future Land Development Holdings Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the
“Group”), I am pleased to present to the shareholders of the Company
(the “Shareholders”) the audited annual results of the Group for the
year ended 31 December 2016.
REVIEW FOR THE YEAR OF 2016
In 2016, the Group firmly upheld its established strategies and achieved
milestones in numerous aspects. As to its real estate business (being
its core business), the Group achieved contracted sales of RMB65.06
billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 103.8%, significantly
ahead of the industry’s average growth rate of 40%. According to the
Real Estate Sales of Tens-billion Enterprises Ranking for 2016 published
by an independent third party, the Group ranks at No.15 by virtue of its
remarkable results, further consolidating the Group’s leading position
in China’s real estate sector. During the year, the Group constantly set
new records for single-month contracted sales with an average selling
price for contracted sales of more than RMB12,000 per sq.m., laying
a solid foundation for revenues and profit to be recognised in the
coming year. Meanwhile, the Group continued its regional expansion
strategy and strategically acquired land resources, including 40 prime
land parcels obtained during the year with its land reserve increased by
approximately 14,240,000 sq.m. in gross floor area (“GFA”), further
augmenting the Group’s existing market share and deepening its global
strategic expansion. As to commercial operation, 5 new Injoy Plazas
were opened during the year, each of which received over 300,000
visits on their opening day, adding up to a total of 11 Injoy Plazas with
an occupancy rate of 98.96%.
While continuously developing its core business of real estate, the
Group also actively explored on four aspects, namely “Asset-light”,
“Finance”, “Diversification” and “Investment” during the year.
Regarding the asset-light operation model, the Group set up an asset
securitization scheme for Qingpu Injoy Plaza project, which created a
new “Reits” investment model for commercial complex in China and
achieved a breakthrough in securitization of the Group’s commercial
assets. In the meantime, the Group started to launch management
services for its commercial management business and successfully
contracted for the overall operation and management of Zhuji Injoy
Plaza and Qingdao Injoy Plaza. As to financial services, Future Land
Holdings Co., Ltd.* (新城控股集團股份有限公司) (“Future Land
Holdings”, a subsidiary of the Company), as a promoter in partnership
with six large enterprises, established Guofeng Life Insurance Co.,
Ltd* (國峰人壽保險股份有限公司) with a view to optimizing the capital
structure through strategic expansion into insurance business and
bringing long-term investment income to the Group. As to business
diversification, Shanghai Xingyi Cinema Management Co., Ltd.* (上海星
軼影院管理有限公司) (“Shanghai Xingyi”), a subsidiary of the Group,
cooperated with IMAX China Holding Inc. (“IMAX China”) and its
parent company IMAX Corporation to establish 10 IMAX cinemas, with
a view to enhancing the competitiveness of our “Injoy Plaza” brand
and generate new revenue streams for the Group. As to investment,
the Group continuously explored new opportunities and set up a joint
venture named Jiangsu Minying Investment Holdings Co., Ltd* (江蘇
民營投資控股有限公司) in collaboration with ten large enterprises,
including Jiangsu Shagang Group Co; Ltd* (江蘇沙鋼集團有限公司)
(“Jiangsu Shagang Group”), CGL Capital Management Limited* (協鑫
資本管理有限公司) (“CGL Capital”) and Hongdou Group Co., Ltd* (紅
豆集團有限公司) (“Hongdou Group”) in respect of joint development
of four major business platforms, namely financial holding, industry
consolidation, asset management and international cooperation.
CONTRACTED SALES
During the year, the Group launched competitive projects at times
appropriate to the market, and achieved contracted sales for the year of
RMB65.06 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately
103.8%, setting a record in the Company’s history and exceeding the
annual sales target of RMB52.0 billion by 125%. The average selling
price for contracted sales for the year reached RMB12,090 per sq.m.,
a 22% increase over that for the year of 2015. The increased sales and
average selling price laid a solid foundation for future achievement of
revenue and the steady increase in profit of the Group.
LAND BANK
During the year, by adhering to the “1+3” expansion strategies of
“Focusing on Shanghai and Yangtze River Delta while Expanding into
Pearl River Delta, Bohai Rim and Central and Western China”, the Group
actively expanded into other markets with high growth potential across
the country while developing further into existing cities. In addition to
consolidating its market shares in the first-tier and second-tier cities,
such as Shanghai, Suzhou, Nanjing and Hangzhou, the Group further
expanded its business geographic coverage by expanding into key cities
in Bohai Rim (namely Tianjin) and Pearl River Delta (namely Foshan),
which enabled the Group to further extend its strategic coverage and to
leverage on its advantage in scale.
The Group, through seizing opportunities in the land market, obtained
40 new land parcels during the year, which added to the land
reserve by an additional GFA of approximately 14,240,000 sq.m. As
at 31 December 2016, the Group had a land bank of a total GFA of
35,320,000 sq.m., which was enough to support its development in the
next 3 to 4 years.
During the year, the Group strengthened its cooperation with
outstanding fellow developers including Vanke, Country Garden,
China Merchants Property, Poly Real Estate and Jinmao Holdings, to
generate greater synergies. With an open attitude, the Group wishes to
proactively boost external cooperation and mutual improvement, while
effectively reducing investment and operational risks.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
In 2016, the Group recorded operation revenue of RMB28,232.1 million,
representing an increase of approximately 18.4% as compared with
2015. Core earnings attributable to the Shareholders was RMB1,156.0
million, representing an increase of 59.71% as compared with 2015.
The Group has maintained a stable and prudent approach to financial
management, dedicated to optimization of debt structure, improvement
of capital-utilization efficiency and reduction of financing costs over the
years. Fitch, an international rating agency, upgraded its ratings for the
Group and its debts from “B+” to “BB-” in March 2016, and upgraded
the Group’s prospect from “stable” to “positive” in October 2016, as
a recognition of the Group’s ability in high-efficiency sales, multiple
financing sources and strong liquidity.
During the year, the Group continued to secure low cost financing
support. In January, the Group obtained a total of RMB15.0 billion new
bank credit lines from two domestic banks. By the end of June, Future
Land Holdings, a subsidiary of the Group, set up an industry fund in
cooperation with Ping An Bank Co., Ltd., which provided the intentional
investment quota of an aggregate amount of RMB10.0 billion to be
used in real estate projects. On 1 July, China Securities Regulatory
Commission considered and approved the application made by Future
Land Holdings in relation to the non-public issuance of up to RMB3.8
billion of A shares. In March, August, September and October, the
Group successfully issued domestic corporate bonds of RMB8 billion in
total, with a low weighted average cost of 4.74%.
Benefiting from these abundant financial support, the Group was able
to further optimize its debt structure and reduce its overall financing
costs. As at 31 December 2016, available financial resources amounted
at RMB59.8 billion, the weighted average financing cost of the Group
was 5.7%, representing a decrease of 1.5 percentage points as
compared with 2015.
Commercial Operation
During the year, while steadily developing residential projects, the Group
also accelerated in its commercial operation. In 2016, the Group opened
5 new commercial plazas under its “Injoy” series at Haikou, Nanchang,
Jintan, Chengdu and Anqing, each of which received over 300,000 visits
on their opening day. By the end of the year, the Group had opened a
total of 11 Injoy Plazas, with an occupancy rate of 98.96% for the year,
demonstrating the Group’s unique vision in business layout.
Meanwhile, the Group had started to promote its asset-light operation
model, in order to create more possibilities for asset management.
In June 2016, the Group transferred Shanghai Qingpu Injoy Plaza to
Shanghai Orient Securities Asset Management Company Limited* (上海
東方證券資產管理有限公司) and initiated and incorporated Orient AssetQingpu
Injoy Plaza Asset Securitization Scheme, which had generated
cash flow for the Group, shortened the investment payback period
of commercial property, optimized asset structure and improved our
capital-utilization efficiency.
The Group’s strong commercial resources and professional operation
capabilities continuously gained popularity among quality enterprises.
In September and November 2016, the Group provided commercial
management services for the landlords of Zhejiang Yongli Central City
(浙江永利中心城) and Qingdao Dream Time Square (青島夢時代廣場),
completed repositioning and explored business opportunities for both of
them and ultimately transformed them into Zhuji Yongli Injoy Plaza and
Qingdao Injoy Plaza, respectively. Provision of commercial management
services will further assist the Group in expanding its business in the
commercial complexes in China, gaining management revenue and
enhancing brand image, which will be beneficial to the Group’s longterm
development.
DIVERSIFICATION AND INVESTMENT
The Group had fully capitalized on the booming business opportunities
brought about by the rapid development of the cinema market in China
and proactively expanded into the cinema industry to enhance the
comprehensive business competitiveness of its “Injoy” brand. In May
2016, Shanghai Xingyi, a subsidiary of the Group, cooperated with
IMAX China and its parent company IMAX Corporation in establishing
10 IMAX cinemas, all of which will be located in the Injoy Plazas in
different regions across China and targeted to be opened by the end of
2017, generating new revenue streams for the Group.
In view of the huge potential of the insurance industry in China, as well
as the opportunities for expanding financing channels and diversifying
business development to be brought about by the insurance industry,
in June 2016, the Group , through its subsidiary Future Land Holdings,
established Guofeng Life Insurance Co., Ltd. together with six other
large enterprises with a total capital contribution of RMB1.5 billion. The
Group believes that its expansion into the financial services sector will
keep it in pace with the financialization trend of the industry, create
new momentum for the Group and achieve long-term investment
income.
As for investment, during the year, the Group had set up a joint venture
named Jiangsu Minying Investment Holdings Co., Ltd in collaboration
with ten large enterprises, including Jiangsu Shagang Group, CGL
Capital and Hongdou Group in respect of joint development of
four major business platforms, namely financial holding, industry
consolidation, asset management and international cooperation.
PROSPECTS
In 2017, the overall demand for the real estate market is expected
to remain stable, but with faster expansion of leading real estate
enterprises and increasing industry concentration, competition will
become more intense. Our ability to maintain a healthy growth, build up
our own advantages, consolidate our regional expansions and develop
new business models in the new historical era will directly determine
whether we could secure a place in the increasingly diverged market.
Based on the above judgments and development planning, the Group
will timely identify changes in market demands, and create upgraded
products tailored to the needs of our target customers. Meanwhile, the
Group will hold on to its “1+3” regional expansion strategy, develop
further in the existing cities, enhance the city-level companies’ ability
to expand land bank. Financially, the Group will adhere to a stringent
and prudent financial policy, further optimize the capital structure, take
full advantage of the diversified financing channels to reduce financing
costs and enhance the risk resistance ability of the Group. The Group
will speed up turnover of development projects and actively implement
strategies to clean up inventory, secure sufficient supply of projects to
steadily increase the contract sales. In addition, the Group will maintain
strict control over collection of sales receivable and cost and expenses,
try to increase its cash flows and profit margin. As for commercial
properties, the Group will further enhance the “Injoy” brand and its
nation-wide exposure and divert its investment to undervalued areas in
the cities or segments. At the same time, we will actively develop assetlight
business model to enhance the resilience and operational capacity
of our commercial projects. Based on the above factors, the Group is
confident in our continued high performance. The Group is targeting
a contracted sales for 2017 at RMB85.0 billion and a rental and
management fees income for its commercial projects at RMB1.0 billion.
In the next 5 to 10 years, the Group will concentrate on what we do
best, with real estate development and commercial operation as our
primary businesses, and other diversified businesses nurtured by our
core real estate business serving as new sources for increased earnings
for the Group. It is our belief that, with abundant industry experience
accumulated over the past 24 years, a firm foundation of regional
expansions, strong capital resources, increasingly strengthened brand
image and continuous efforts from our staff, the Group will achieve
new milestones.
APPRECIATION
The Group’s steady growth is attributable to the enormous support from
relevant parties and selfless contribution from our staff. On behalf of the
Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our wholehearted
gratitude to the staff, Shareholders, investors, partners and customers
of the Group for their trust and support. Bearing in mind the motto of
“Hearty Dedication Just For You (以心致誠, 因你而真)”, we will continue
to undertake our corporate social responsibilities, give back to society
and create better returns for our customers, Shareholders and investors.Wang Zhenhua
Chairman
24 February 2017
Shanghai, the PRC