STRONG RESULTS FROM GLOBAL PORTFOLIO 
31st December, 2011 
31st December, 2010 
Profit contribution from: 
United Kingdom portfolio 
Mainland China portfolio 
New Zealand portfolio 
In 2011, our businesses in Hong Kong, Mainland China, the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand and Canada have generated strong results and have recorded good organic growth.

International Operations Propelled Growth of Power Assets Profit contribution from Power Assets Holdings Limited was HK$3,503 million, a 26 per cent increase over last 
The results benefited from the first full year of contribution from UK Power Networks, of which Power Assets holds a 40 per cent stake.

Profit from Power Assets businesses outside of Hong Kong grew by 80 per cent; and the international portion of profit contribution increased from 35 per cent of total in 2010 to over 50 per cent this year, reflecting the increasingly global focus of Power Assets businesses.

Profit from Hong Kong operations was almost at a par as compared to last year.

Tremendous UK Performance Driven by Acquisitions CKI s profit contribution from the United Kingdom was HK$3,735 million, a substantial increase of 216 per cent over last year.

This significant growth can be attributed to the first full year contribution from UK Power Networks and Seabank Power, both of which were acquired in 2010. Particularly, UK Power Networks, which supplies electricity to London, South East England and the East of England, has been the main driver for the profit increase and has generated excellent returns to the Group.

Existing UK operations also performed well in the year. Northern Gas Networks, CKI s gas distribution business in the United Kingdom, continued to deliver good results and achieved a 18 per cent increase in profitability.

This year s results also included 2.5 months of profit contribution, about HK$130 million, from Northumbrian Water.

8 CHEUNG KONG INFRASTRUCTURE HOLDINGS LIMITED 
CHAIRMAN S LETTER 
Good Returns from Australia Profit contribution from CKI s Australian businesses, which comprise investments in ETSA Utilities, CitiPower, Powercor, Envestra and Spark Infrastructure, was HK$1,306 million, up 27 per cent from the previous year.

The good returns were mainly attributed to ETSA Utilities strong contribution which grew 23 per cent in 2011, as well as the one-off gain of HK$145 million generated by the disposal of the Group s interest in the Manager of 
Stable Operational Performance in New Zealand The Group s business in New Zealand, namely Wellington Electricity, delivered a stable operational performance.

However, profit contribution to CKI decreased by 24 per cent to HK$73 million due to taxation and refinancing matters. The 2010 results benefited from a deferred tax credit which did not recur in 2011; in addition, the project loan guaranteed by the shareholders which was obtained at a lower interest rate at the time of acquisition was refinanced during the year by a non-recourse facility at a higher interest rate, adversely affecting the contribution to the Group.

Increased Power Plant Stake Adds to Canadian Contribution CKI s businesses in Canada performed well, with profit contribution of HK$156 million recorded. This represented a 38 per cent increase over the previous year.

Good operational performance was achieved by Stanley Power s electricity plants in Ontario, Alberta and Saskatchewan.

The acquisition of an increased stake in the Meridian Cogeneration Plant in Saskatchewan has provided an additional profit contribution stream since April 2011.

Steady Performance in Mainland China The Group s portfolio in Mainland China achieved a stable performance generating a profit contribution of HK$378 million, a 1 per cent increase over last year.

CKI s toll road and bridge investments in Mainland China all achieved satisfactory performances, providing steady cash returns to the Group.

Continued Growth of Materials Business In 2011, the Group s materials business achieved a profit contribution of HK$282 million, a 10 per cent increase over the previous year.

Performance benefited from both volume and pricing growth, resulting from increased infrastructure activities in 
STRONG FINANCIAL PLATFORM 
Despite the recent substantial acquisitions made by CKI, the Group s balance sheet continues to be strong. As at 31st December, 2011, CKI had cash on hand of HK$5.9 billion. Gearing remained low with a net debt to equity ratio of 14 per cent.

ANNUAL REPORT 2011 9 
Our credit rating of A- from Standard & Poor s has been maintained since 1997.

In 2011, our balance sheet was further strengthened following the share placement exercise in July that raised over HK$3.4 billion.

In February 2012, about US$300 million (approximately HK$2.3 billion) of additional funds were raised through an issue of fixed rate callable perpetual securities via a fiduciary.

From this strong financial platform, we are in a good position to continue to make value enhancing acquisitions and drive profitability to new heights.

Since listing in 1996, CKI has grown from a regional infrastructure company with investments primarily in Hong Kong and Mainland China to one of the most important players in the global infrastructure arena today.

Throughout the years, the Group has been following a three-pronged strategy: (i) to grow existing operations organically; (ii) to acquire businesses with strong and recurrent returns to expand the Group s portfolio; and (iii) to maintain a strong balance sheet with steady cashflow and low gearing.
This strategy has borne fruit, especially evident in the strong results reported for 2011.

We are confident of the outlook for CKI s portfolio of infrastructure investments over the coming year. In addition to healthy organic growth, revenue will also increase with the inclusion of the first full year profit contribution from Northumbrian Water.

Following the share placement exercise in 2011 and the issue of perpetual securities via a fiduciary earlier in 2012, CKI has ample cash on hand and a strong balance sheet. We continue to be in an excellent position to pursue infrastructure projects around the world.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Board, management and staff for their efforts, as well as our shareholders for their support.

LI TZAR KUOI, VICTOR 
