Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Kingston Financial Group Limited (together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I am pleased to review with you the remarkable fifteen month results of the Group.
The period of fifteen months ended 31 March 2012 was a milestone in the Group s evolution, as it achieved all time record highs in revenue of approximately HK$1,574 million and a net profit attributable to shareholders of approximately HK$549 million.
The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK1.0 cent per share for this financial year. Together with the interim dividend of HK0.5 cent per share, the full year dividend amounts to HK1.5 cents per share.
Following the completion of acquisition of financial business, the Group successfully capitalised the opportunity of participating in the highly profitable industry. During the past year, the global economy faced stern challenges. The European sovereign debt crisis, slow economic recovery in the United States, tight money supply in Mainland China and regional political conflicts, imposed great impact on the financial market of Hong Kong. However, the newly acquired financial businesses still achieved a very promising result with total revenue generated from the financial service business segment of approximately HK$690 million, representing approximately 44% of the Group s total revenue.
In September 2011, the establishment of joint venture with SBI Holdings, Inc. to invest in private equities in the Greater China region was also another important milestone of the Group. It provides opportunity for the Group to tap the markets in other Asian countries and expand the revenue base.
The Group s Macau hotel and gaming business also generated strong growth in revenue with approximately HK$884 million for the fifteen month period ended 31 March 2012, representing an annualised increase of 29% over the year ended 31 December 2010. This was achieved through higher gaming volumes across our property portfolio, coupled with growth in non-gaming revenue from our 
China in its latest Twelfth Five Year Plan sets that the target of maintaining an economic growth rate of 7.5% in 2012. Hence, the Board is confident about the future development of China and expected that both Hong Kong and Macau economies will benefit from the support of the economic development of Mainland China.
Looking forward, the Board continues to be optimistic on both of financial businesses in Hong Kong as well as the hotel and gaming business in Macau. Notwithstanding a difficult year in which we were faced with an overall recessing investment market, we are confident that the disciplined execution of our prudent business strategy, our sound risk management and cost control, our continuous and firm commitment in providing the best services to our customers will continue to enable the Group to maintain a healthy and strong growth in its businesses.
Finally, I would like to thank our board of directors, management team and our employees for their dedication and significant contribution in the past years. I would also like to express my sincere appreciation to all our fellow shareholders, customers and business partners for their continuous support and confidence in the Group.
By Order of the Board Chu, Nicholas Yuk-yui 
Hong Kong, 26 June 2012 