CHairman s statement 
On behalf of Future Land Development Holdings Limited (the company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ), I am pleased to present to the shareholders of the Company (the Shareholders ) the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2015.
REVIEW OF 2015 Benefiting from the central government s multi-pronged polices of cuts in interest rates and the reserve requirement ratio as well as relaxed restrictions on home purchases, the sales of the real estate industry in China has been improving since 2Q 2015. Leveraging on favourable market conditions under relaxed policies and good opportunities arising from consumers increasing demand for improved housing quality, the Group continued to maintain a prudent and sound operating approach in upholding the development strategy of High Regional Concentration, High Turnover and Product Diversification and achieved a steady growth of contracted sales. During the year, the Group achieved contracted sales of RMB31,928.6 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 30.3% and completed 114% of the sales target for the whole year of 2015, marking a new milestone in the Group s 
As another milestone in the year, the Group has become the first real estate company in China to restructure its B shares to A shares following the completion of its restructuring plan in relation to the absorption and merge of Jiangsu Future Land Co., Ltd.* (_leW0W"uN gPlQS) ( Jiangsu Future Land ) by Future Land Holdings Co., Ltd.* (eWc WN gPlQS) ( Future Land Holdings ), both are subsidiaries of the Company, through share swap during the year. Through the restructuring and listing of the A shares of Future Land Holdings, the residential property development and operation of commercial projects of the Group will be integrated into a single platform, which can improve the Group s operating structure and operation efficiency and save operating, marketing and administrative costs. It is an important step in the long run as it also facilitates the access of the Group to the financing channels of the capital market in China.

STRONG SALES AND STABLE PROFIT GROWTH IN 
Besides adopting flexible marketing strategies to further cleaning up inventories based on accurate prediction of market changes, the Group has launched new projects during the year to the market with accelerated cash flow and achieved a steady growth of contracted sales.
The Group has successfully fulfilled its full-year sales target by achieving contracted sales of RMB31,928.6 million representing a year-on year increase of 30.3%, accounting for 114% of the annual contracted sales target. Contracted sales area sold was approximately 3,460,000 sq.m., representing a year-on-year increase of 25.0%. Average selling price was approximately RMB9,948sq.m., representing a year-on-year increase of 4.5%.
Meanwhile, the Group s project deliveries were on good progress and the total revenues increased by approximately 15.0% to RMB23,835.9 million from 2014. Core earnings** attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to approximately RMB723.8 million, representing an increase of approximately 2.3% compared to the full year of 2014.
The board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of the Company has recommended a final dividend of RMB0.05 per share, representing a pay-out ratio of approximately 39.1% of the core earnings attributable to equity holders of the Company.
IMPROVED PROFIT MARGIN, RENTAL INCOME, REVENUE FROM PROPERTY MANAGEMENT AND 
Benefiting from the strategy of highlighting residential property development and operation of commercial projects of the Group as the two engines, the Group s profit increased in 2015. The gross profit margin increased to 20.4% in 2015 from 18.7% in 2014. During the year, Suzhou Wujiang Injoy Plaza, Suzhou Zhangjiagang Injoy Plaza and Zhenjiang Danyang Injoy Plaza officially opened for business and took the total number of shopping mall projects of the Group in operation to six and the total rental, property management income and other revenue amounted to RMB863.1 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 71.7% compared to 2014. The leasable area of the Group in 2016 and 2017 are expected to reach approximately 730,000 sq.m. and 1,230,000 sq.m., respectively, which will provide solid basis for growth in rental income.

Core earnings equal to net profit less after-tax fair value gains on investment properties including those recorded in other gains, and exclude unrealized foreign exchange gains or losses relating to borrowings.

BECAME THE FIRST REAL ESTATE COMPANY IN CHINA TO RESTRUCTURE B SHARES TO A SHARES, FACILITATING THE ACCESS TO THE FINANCING CHANNELS OF CAPITAL MARKETS IN CHINA AND 
During the year, the Group has become the first real estate company in China to restructure its B shares to A shares following the completion of its restructuring, pursuant to which Future Land Holdings absorbed and merged Jiangsu Future Land by way of share swap. The A shares of Future Land Holdings (Stock Code: 601155.SH) started trading on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 4 December 2015 as the first real estate company in China to restructure B shares to A shares, achieving outstanding result with a market capitalization of over RMB50 billion on the first day of listing. Through the restructuring, residential property development projects of the Group will gain full access to the capital market in China through the A share market, recognizing a dual-financing platforms inside and outside China. With a more flexible financing channel, it will help realizing the intrinsic value of the Group and provide it with sufficient capital to support its rapid development in 
SEIZED OPPORTUNITIES IN THE MARKET AND STRATEGICALLY ExPANDED LAND BANK In 2015, the Group has been enforcing the 1+3 expansion strategies of Focusing on Shanghai and Yangtze River Delta while Expanding into Pearl River Delta, Bohai Rim and Central and Western China .
After careful study of market patterns in different cities and regions, in addition to further deepening its presence in key cities, the Group further expanded the dimension of its diversified business operations.
During the year, the Group acquired 35 land parcels in 17 cities, which added to the Group s land reserve by an additional GFA of approximately 7,590,000 sq.m. In addition to further deepening its presence in first-tier and second-tier cities, such as Shanghai, Nanjing, Suzhou, Hangzhou and Wuhan, the Group has strategically selected eight new cities, namely, Chengdu, Ningbo, Taizhou, Shaoxing, Jiaxing, Yiwu, Quzhou and Quanzhou to further expand the dimension of its business operations and provide necessary resources for its business growth in the future.
As at 31 December 2015, the Group had 116 real estate projects in 25 major cities in the PRC, of which 73 were under construction andor held for future development. The Group had a land bank of a total GFA of 22.740 million sq.m., which was enough to support its development in the next four to five years.

S T A B L E F I N A N C I A L P O S I T I O N A N D CONTINUOUSLY OPTIMIZED DEBT STRUCTURE The Group continued to maintain a prudent and sound financial and cash flow management policy and further optimized its debt structure.
During the year, backed by its financial strength and good credit, the Group secured local and foreign financing supports at low costs. It secured a dual-currency term loan facility with an aggregate amount of USD101 million from an offshore bank in May 2015. It issued domestic corporate bonds in the PRC in the principal amount of RMB3 billion with a coupon rate of 4.5%, offshore senior notes in the principal amount of USD250 million with a coupon rate of 6.25% and private placement bonds in the principal amount of RMB2 billion with a coupon rate of 6% in November 2015. In addition, the Company has obtained a total of RMB15 billion new bank credit lines from two banks in the PRC by the end of 2015. The above-mentioned funds helped the Group further reduce its overall financing costs.
As at 31 December 2015, weighted average interest cost, cash at bank and on hand and unused bank credit lines of the Group were 7.2%, RMB7,762.5 million and RMB35.9 billion respectively.
POPULARITY OF INJOY BRAND ExPANDED OUR SOURCE OF PROFIT In 2015, the Group cemented its two-wheel-drive strategy on residential and commercial properties, with not only residential development business achieving steady growth, but also urban commercial shopping mall projects making remarkable progress. Drawing from successful experiences of the Group in Changzhou and Shanghai, the three Injoy Plazas of the Group in Wujiang Suzhou, Zhangjiagang Suzhou and Danyang Zhenjiang commenced business with full occupancy rate during the year, among which Suzhou Wujiang Injoy Plaza achieved more than 250,000 visits on its first day of opening, while Suzhou Zhangjiagang Injoy Plaza and Zhenjiang Danyang Injoy Plaza received more than 300,000 and 380,000 visits on their opening days, respectively. The overwhelming responses indicated local customers recognition of the Injoy brand and also attested the Group s precise positioning towards local commercial markets.

With over seven years of commercial operation exploration and accumulation of experience, the Group has established a standardized commercial development and operation model with its own characteristics, prompting it to become one of its core competitive advantages. As at the end of 2015, the Group has developed or planned to develop a total of 21 Injoy urban complexes in 18 cities across the nation, among which 15 Injoy Plazas were under construction or planned and 6 were in operation. In the future, these commercial projects will generate steady rental income for the Group.
JOINING FORCES AND COOPERATION LED TO 
During the year, the Group, with a flexible and open attitude, has made various attempts on external cooperation. We have continued cooperations with renowned real estate developers such as China Vanke Co., Ltd., Greenland Holding Group Company Limited, Longfor Properties Co., Ltd. and Beijing Capital Land Ltd, etc., and achieved a win-win situation by learning from each other, sharing each other s resources and leveraging synergies while reducing investment risks and sharing profit from the projects.
PRUDENTLY DEVELOPED ELDERLY-CARE AND MEDICAL-CARE PROPERTY BUSINESS As Chinese population is rapidly aging, there will be a keen and vast growing demand for elderly-care and medical facilities in the future. Elderly-care and medical-care property, as a key component of elderly-care facility, is a scarce resource. Therefore its investment value is becoming increasingly prominent. During the year, after many years of exploring and researching on elderly-care property, the Group has formally entered this sector by increasing its investments. However, as this business is an initial trial, the Group will continue to look out for market opportunities while carrying out investment and operation of this business with care.

In 2016, the Chinese economy will maintain the New Normal of moderate to slow growth and the central government will focus more on healthy, rational and sustainable economic development in the long term, whose policy to moderately ease real estate control is expected to 
In addition, the ongoing urbanization, the continually increasing demand from first-time property buyers, consumers demand for improved housing quality and enhanced experience in commercial projects are expected to support a sustainable and steady development of the real estate industry. In view of the above, as to its real estate business, the Group will make adjustments proactively based on market changes, and continue to, with an understanding of the customer demand, optimize product structure, actively implement inventory clearance, accelerate project turnaround and strengthen contracted sales. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to implement a strategic land-purchase policy by carefully exploiting new cities with development potential based on its self-development need while further penetrating the cities the Group has already entered. As for commercial property, the Group will further enhance the market exposure of the Injoy brand and divert its investment to undervalued areas in the cities or segments. Furthermore, the Group will closely and prudently identify cooperation, acquisition and other market opportunities, seek cooperation with other outstanding enterprises, explore new business models in domestic and overseas markets, to further optimize the Company s diversification strategy and enhance the Group s adaptability to changes so as to provide new driving force for the Group s middle and long-term development. The Company s expected contracted sales target for 2016 is RMB40 billion, which the Company believes it will 
As to innovation business, the Group has to further accelerate its pace to catch up with the latest changes under the new era and to embrace New Economy . The Group will launch innovative products to develop real estate financial service products and initiate a variety of life service products around its core real estate business. Currently, the Group has developed businesses such as elderly-care, property management, and entertainment for children. In the future, the Group will focus on the effective development of such businesses so as to enhance return on its 
Financially, the Group will adhere to a stringent financial policy, further optimize capital structure, take full advantage of the diversified financing channels, reduce financing costs and enhance the risk resistance ability of the Group. The Group believes that these operating strategies will help it to remain competitive and mitigate operational risks in a volatile and unpredictable market environment, thereby ensuring the Group s long-term sustainable growth.

The Group s steady growth is attributable to the enormous support from relevant parties and unselfish contribution from our staff. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our wholehearted gratitude to the staff, Shareholders, investors, partners, suppliers and customers of the Group for their trust and support.
Bearing in mind the motto of Hearty Dedication Just For You (N_ VO w) , we will continue to undertake our corporate social responsibilities, give back to society and create better returns for our customers, Shareholders and investors.

4 February 2016 