Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of Kingston Financial Group Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to review with you the performance and development of the Company (together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 
For the year ended 31 March 2013, the Group generated revenue of approximately HK$1,378 million (fifteen months ended 31 March 2012: HK$1,574 million). Net profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 March 2013 was approximately HK$538 million (fifteen months ended 31 March 2012: HK$549 million).
The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK1.0 cent per share for this financial year. No interim dividend was declared for the six months ended 30 September 2012.
This year will be seen as a point when the western economies began to growth. However the global financial market will continuously face stern challenges and uncertainties. The worsening Spanish banking crisis threatens to endanger the future of the Euro-zone which seriously weighed on stock market performance and the uncertainty economic outlook of the US and Japan. Despite such climate, the Group endeavors to maintain its competitive leading position as one-stop financial services to clients and continue to take a competitive stance at all front in which we achieved a solid result with total revenue generated from the financial service business segment for the year ended 31 March 2013 of approximately HK$617 million (fifteen months ended 31 March 2012: HK$690 million).
During the year, the Group s Macau hotel and core gaming business continued to perform strongly contributed by the mass gaming volumes throughout our property portfolio, coupled with growth in non-gaming revenue from our hotels. The revenue for the year ended 31 March 2013 was approximately HK$761 million (fifteen months ended 31 March 2012: HK$884 million).

Going forward, despite the economic uncertainties globally, it is expected that both Europe and the US will continue to implement monetary easing policies, while the new Japanese economic policy through ultra loose monetary policy and significant depreciation of Japanese yen in the short-term, forceful monetary and fiscal stimulus will support growth across the Asia Pacific region. And, for the Mainland market, China s economic growth is expected to grow as the Central Government will continue to announce further monetary policies such as the expansion on the scale of QFII and RQFII. Hence, under this circumstance in which we work and invest offers a broad mix of challenges and 
Taking full advantage of our experiences, strengths and ample capabilities developed, the Group is cautiously optimistic on both of financial business in Hong Kong and the hotel and gaming business in Macau. I am confident that the Group will keep on capitalizing on its solid financial position, quality customer services, superior commission policy, reliable trading platform and 
Excellence in the Company s business performance is driven by people. I take this opportunity to thank to our board of directors, dedicated team of the Group professionals who drive our success by their ingenuity and high standard contribution in the past years.
I also express my sincere appreciation to all our valued service and business partners as well as you the shareholder for the 
I thank you again for the confidence that you have placed to us.
By Order of the Board Chu, Nicholas Yuk-yui 
Hong Kong, 25 June 2013 