CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors ( the Board ) of Golden Resorts Group Limited ( the Company ), I am pleased to announce the result of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 
For the year ended 31 December 2009, the Group s turnover was approximately HK$414 million, representing a slight decrease of 2% as compared with HK$422 million in last year. The Group experienced turnaround from the double impact of both global economic downturn and H1N1 influenza from the mid of year 2009. Revenue from hotel business reported 8% drop from HK$142 million last year to HK$131 million, whereas revenue from gaming business amounted to HK$283 million, an increase of 1% as compared to HK$280 million in last year.
The Group recorded profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately HK$228 million, whereas there was a loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of approximately HK$181 million in last year. The profit in year 2009 was arrived at after reversal of impairment loss on prepaid land lease payments of HK$109 million and write back of unrealised profit for investments held for trading of HK$94 million. The basic earnings per share was HK2.8 cents (2008: Loss per share HK2.44 cents).

The Board of the Company do not recommend the payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS The book closure dates are from 31 May 2010 to 1 June 2010, both days inclusive. No transfer of shares will be registered during this period. In order to qualify for the entitlement to the attendance and voting at the annual general meeting, all transfers accompanied by relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Abacus Limited at Level 28, Three Pacific Place, 1 Queen s Road East, Hong Kong by no later than 4:30 p.m. on 28 May 2010.

The Group s hotel operation, mainly comprised of hotel rooms, food and beverage sale and other rental income, experienced mild drop in year 2009. The corresponding revenue amounted to HK$131 million (2008: HK$142 million). Hotel business contributed 32% (2008: 34%) of total turnover. At the beginning of year 2009, the hotel business continued to be adversely affected by a number of factors, including economic downturn, threat of H1N1 influenza and oversupply of hotel rooms in Macau. The average stay over period dropped as well. Facing the challenging environment, the Group continued to invest in renovation work on hotel guest rooms. Coupled with the strengthened consumers confidence from global tourists, there are clear signs showing improvement in the profitability in the hotel operation from second half of year 
Casino revenue, including gaming revenue and food and beverage sale in casino amounted to HK$283 million for the year 2009 (2008: HK$280 million). Casino revenue accounted for 68% (2008: 66%) of total turnover. Though the market competition remained intense during the year under review, the Group was successful in stabilising its gaming revenue. To retain quality customers and attract potential customers, the Group strengthened its membership programmes and provided a variety of incentives for members to increase their spending in the casinos as well. Coinciding with the strategy in hotel business, the Group upgraded the facilities of the casinos, leading to a more comfortable environment for the enjoyment by the customers.
During the year, slot halls with full electronic operations commenced operations in both casinos. Through effective management of membership programmes and launch of promotion activities, the slot halls were gaining popularity very quickly. It opened up new sources of revenue for the 
Trading of listed securities Revenue generated from trading of listed securities decreased by HK$12 million from HK$17 million in 2008 to HK$5 million in 2009. The Group is positive towards the future of the equity market, thus holding the trading securities in view of further profit. As at the end of reporting period, the Group was holding trading securities of approximately HK$153 million.
Future Business Prospects and Plans Though there are signs of recovery from the trough of business environment, both hotel and gaming revenue were behind the peak prior to the global economic downturn starting in year 2008. Meanwhile, the Group managed to maintain its service levels and retain its human resources. Given its enhanced infrastructure, clear market positioning as well as strong management teams, the Group is confident to capture the future business growth 
In year 2010, floor by floor renovation work in the guest rooms of hotel Casa Real Hotel and Grandview Hotel will be carried out as scheduled. It is expected to bring the average room rate to a higher level.
The Group is continuously pursuing various marketing and promotion activities through the comprehensive membership programmes. Guests can enjoy quality services within the Group s properties with the use of our casino package. The Group will also further strengthen the business relationship with travel agencies and offer packages and joint promotions with business partners to open up a wider customer spread, in particular from newer markets such as South East Asian countries.

As at 31 December 2009, the Group employed a total of approximately 670 staff. The employees remuneration, promotion and salary adjustment are assessed based on their work performance, working and professional experiences and the prevailing market practice.

PLEDGE OF ASSETS As at 31 December 2009, the Group did not have any asset 
FOREIGN EXCHANGE AND INTEREST 
As the Group s hotel revenues are mostly based on Macau Patacas ( MOP ), having considered the exchange rate of MOP is fairly stable, no foreign exchange and interest rate risk management or related hedges were made at present.
Proper policy will be in place when the Board considers 
REVIEW BY AUDIT COMMITTEE The Audit Committee (the Committee ) meets the external auditors at least once a year to discuss any areas of concerns during the audits. The Committee reviews the interim and annual reports before submission to the Board. The Committee focuses not only on the impact of the changes in accounting policies and practices but also on the compliance with accounting standards, the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the Listing Rules ) and the legal requirements in the review of the Company interim and annual reports.

The Group had complied with the code provisions set out in the Code on Corporate Governance Practices (the Code ) contained in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) during the year ended 31 December 2009.
By Order of the Board CHU, Nicholas Yuk-yui 
Hong Kong, 20 April 2010 