Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of Kingston Financial Group Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to review with you the performance and development of the Company (together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 
For the year ended 31 March 2014, the Group generated revenue of approximately HK$1,847.7 million representing a significant increase of 34.1% as compared with approximately 1,378.0 million for the year ended 31 March 2013 ( the Previous Year ). Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2014 was approximately HK$771.1 million representing a significant increase of 43.4% as compared with approximately HK$537.9 million for the Previous Year.
The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK1.5 cent per share for the financial year (2013: HK1.0 cent per share).
No interim dividend was declared for the six months ended 30 September 2013 and 2012.
During the year under review, global market sentiment was lifted by improving economic outlook in the United States, and the stabilizing conditions in Euro-zone with signs of climbing out of recession. Hong Kong equity market enjoyed a relatively buoyed trading with the average daily turnover of the securities market as HK$60.6 billion, an increase of 8% year-on-year. Meanwhile, IPO market also regained its momentum, with a total of 87 newly-listed companies. Leveraging on the positive market situation and the Group s leading position as a one-stop financial service provider, the Group achieved a solid result with total revenue generated from the financial service business segment of approximately HK$889.9 million for the year ended 31 March 2014 (2013: approximately HK$617.0 million).
The Group s gaming business in Macau continued to perform favorably and contributed solid revenue of approximately HK$710.9 million (2013: approximately HK$542.8 million), up by 31.0% year-on-year. As Macau continues to reinforce its reputation as one of the world s most vibrant tourism destinations, we believe the long-term development of the gaming business remains promising. For its hotel operation, mainly comprised of guest rooms, food and beverage sale and other rental income, the Group generated a revenue of approximately HK$246.9 million for the year under review (2013: approximately 218.2 million).

Looking ahead, we are positive about an upward development of Hong Kong securities market. With the recent announcement of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect, a scheme that allows Hong Kong and mainland investors to buy stocks in each other s market, we foresee the trading volume in Hong Kong stock market will continue to boom. As a qualified and active market participant in securities brokerage, we are well prepared to tap into any business 
In view of the introduction of After-Hours Futures Trading (AHFT) which enables market participants to hedge or adjust their positions in response to market news and events during the European and U.S. business days, we promptly reallocated manpower resources to ascertain the change and customers needs. With the extension of the closing time of AHFT by the end of this year, we are optimistic to benefit from the growing trading 
The Group will also continue to leverage our strong equity capital markets client base to capture the market share in corporate finance advisory business and actively explore potential business opportunities with the existing clients.
The Board is confident that both Hong Kong and Macau economies will benefit from the sustainable economic development in China. Given the increasingly affluent Chinese middle class who has strong appetite for travel and leisure, the management has strong faith in the hotel and gaming business prospect in Macau.
The Group continuously pursues various marketing and promotional activities to perfect its membership programmes, retaining and attracting customers. We will also strengthen our relationship with travel agencies and offer packages and joint promotions with business partners so as to broaden the scope of customers of the two hotels.
I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere thanks to our board of directors, dedicated team of the Group professionals for their unwavering commitment and passion for the business for the past years. I also express my sincere appreciation to all our valued service and business partners as well as you the shareholder for the encouraging support.
By Order of the Board Chu, Nicholas Yuk-yui 
Hong Kong, 25 June 2014 