Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors of Golden Resorts Group Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to report to you at the conclusion of a very special year to the Company.
The Group is principally engaged in the provision of entertainment and hospitality services in Macau. During the year under review, the Group continued to enjoy the strong resilience in the Macau gaming and tourism markets, as evidenced by the record-breaking gaming revenue announced by the Macau Government from time to time. As a result, the Group s core business performance 
The Group continuously pursues various marketing and promotion activities through the comprehensive membership programmes. Our guests enjoy impressive services within the Group s properties with the use of our casino package. In view of the consistent growth in membership base of the programmes, the Group will further enhance the programmes to attract new customers.
The newly renovated guest rooms have proved to be in popular demand and the Group will continue to invest in this area to pave the way for revenue enhancement. The Group will also further strengthen its relationship with travel agencies and offer packages and joint promotions with business partners so as to broaden the scope of customers of the two hotels.

As disclosed in the recent announcements, the Company is about to complete the acquisition of Kingston Group of companies. As Kingston Group generates most of its revenues from securities dealing and broking services, margin and initial public offers financing services and securities underwriting and placements, the Board believes that the Group will broaden its sources of income from capturing a larger part of the business chain through the acquisition. The integration of the Kingston Group will also strengthen the Group s ability to produce different but higher quality services to its customers. The Board further believes that the resulted diversification of the Group s business portfolio will also enhance the Group s resilience to fluctuations in the business environment.
Finally, I would like to thank our board of directors, management team and our employees for their dedication and significant contribution in the past years. I would also like to express my sincere appreciation to all our fellow shareholders, customers and business partners for their continuous support and confidence in the Group.
By Order of the Board CHU, Nicholas Yuk-yui 
Hong Kong, 30 March 2011 