Chairman & Chief exeCutive OffiCer s statement 
On behalf of Future Land Development Holdings Limited (the company ) and its subsidiaries (the Group ), I am pleased to present the final results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2013.
REVIEW OF 2013 2013 is the first full year since the listing of the shares (the Shares ) of the Company on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) and marks an important year for the Group s business development. By adhering to our strategic policy of coverage for the Pan- Yangtze River Delta Region and product diversification , the Group achieved outstanding results in each aspect of contracted sales, land bank, geographical network and commercial properties, which enabled the Group to successfully accomplish its business targets of the year and laid a good foundation for the Company s development in the coming year.
With respect to operating results, the Group made a breakthrough in contracted sales of RMB20 billion for the year of 2013, reaching approximately RMB20.624 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 27.82%, and fulfilling and exceeding the contracted sales target of the year. The total gross floor areas ( GFA ) of contracted sales reached approximately 2,205,800 square metres ( sq.m. ), representing an increase of 18.84% over the same period in 2012. During the year, the Group s revenue increased by approximately 18.6%, as compared to that for 2012, to RMB20,771.3 million. Core earnings (excluding after-tax fair value gains on investment properties) attributable to shareholders of the Company (the Shareholders ) rose approximately 5.6%, as compared to that for 2012, to approximately RMB960.5 million. The Board has recommended a final dividend of RMB0.05 per Share, representing a pay-out ratio of approximately 30% of the core earnings attributable to Shareholders.

With respect to land bank, the Group adhered to its strategy of consolidating the Group s leading position in the Yangtze River Delta, leveraging the Group s strong financial foundation, seizing opportunities in a timely manner during the year and after prudent considerations, the Group has acquired at competitive prices 16 quality sites amounting to an additional buildable GFA of approximately 3.54 million sq.m. Our entry into the new markets of Hangzhou, Zhenjiang and Nantong during the year also contributed to a more balanced geographical distribution for our projects, enabling us to consolidate our leading position in the Yangtze Rive Delta. As at 31 December 2013, we had 93 real estate projects in 10 major cities in the PRC, of which 51 were under construction andor held for future development. The Group has a land bank of a total GFA of approximately 13.85 million sq.m., of which approximately 9.64 million sq.m. is attributable to the Group s interests. Such land bank provides strong support to the Group s continuous development in the next four to five years.
With respect to commercial property operation, the influence of the Group s Injoy (>T) brand has been further enhanced. Changzhou Injoy Plaza (8]>T4X) and Changzhou Injoy International Plaza (8]>T W 4X), both commenced operations in 2012, have successfully completed their first year of operation and started to generate relatively stable rental incomes for the Group.
During the reporting period, our three Injoy Plaza (>T 4X) projects in Shanghai and Suzhou have commenced construction. These projects strengthened our project pipeline supplies for further development of Injoy (>T) as a premier commercial property brand in the country.

In respect of financial management and monitoring, the Group adheres to a prudent and stability-based financial policy. Finance costs are under strict control. We also aim at improving and maintaining a sound capital structure through a diverse range of financing channels.
We succeeded in two exercises of off-shore note issues, which improved the Group s debt maturity profile and enhanced liquidity. Starting from mid 2013, lowering the debt indicators has been made an important target of the Group s internal management. Efforts have been made to enhance cash inflow and limit the increase of high interest debts. As a result of the concerted efforts of the management, as at 31 December 2013, the Group s net debt-to-equity ratio was 52.8%, and cash at bank and on hand (including restricted cash) amounted to RMB8,297.9 million. We believe that through continuous improvements in debt maturity profile and enhancing additional liquidity, the Group s financial capacity can be further strengthened, which is favorable to the long-term development of the 
In respect of social responsibility, it is the Group s belief that corporate social responsibility is one of the core values and competitive edges for the development and growth of branded real estate enterprises. Throughout 2013, we were committed to the promotion of public welfare services, and contributed to the society by actively fulfilling our corporate social responsibility. During the reporting period, the Group launched the Seven Color Program (NrIQ R) with an aim to provide care and assistance to the distressed people in China. This included setting up mobile libraries, donating books to needy students in Liuyang of Hunan and Lianyungang of Jiangsu, actively promoting arts and cultural broadcast by organizing Art Workshops ( S]JW) and promoting healthy life by organizing Future Land " I Run (eW " a) mini marathon. We hope to use the Group s brand name influence coupled with our actions to continuously promote the development of social 
PROSPECTS AND FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS In 2013, the demand in Chinese real estate market has been gradually releasing from the suppression of macro- control in the past several years, and the PRC real estate market has undergone a stable recovery, generally presenting a trend of increase in both sales volume and price. The continuous growth of disposable income of Chinese residents, and the advent of urbanization in the course of long term development, will remain the major driving forces for the growth of the PRC real estate market in the future. In addition, the control measures on real estate are likely to be more market-oriented, and mostly led by local governments. We expect the performance of the real estate market may be more segmented, which requires us to better analyze and deal with markets in different cities, areas and segmented markets.
The Group will continue to focus on first and second-tier cities and to selectively penetrate into certain third and lower-tier cities. In the next five years, we intend to adopt a two pronged development approach so that focuses will be on residential housing and urban complex. While striving to raise the popularity of our four series of brands of our residential projects, namely, First Homes (xy_U *) , Sweet Homes (xyjE) , Dream Homes (xy"Y W) and Prestige Homes (xy N) , we also acquired premier land parcels for the development of urban complex projects in order to gradually expand the exposure of our commercial property brand Injoy (>T) across the 
We will uphold the development strategy of region focused, high turnover and product diversification .
Accordingly, we plan to further explore our existing regions and seize further opportunities with our land reserve, acquire new projects at competitive prices and prudently expand our land bank. With due regard to our financial position, we will continue to expedite return of funds through our rapid asset turnover strategy, while at the same time increase our efforts to control our costs of capital and proactively explore new financing channels and strengthen our financial structure, so as to remain profitable in a business environment full of challenges and opportunities. Through our various efforts including careful planning, enhanced product standardization, stringent cost control and a more sophisticated management structure, we believe that we are well positioned to achieve stable growth under the volatile and segmented market 
The steady growth of the Group is attributable to the enormous support from the relevant parties and invaluable contributions of our staff. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our wholehearted gratitude to our staff, Shareholders, investors, business partners and customers for their trust and support. Bearing in mind the motto of Hearty Dedication Just For You (N _ VO w) , we are going to create higher values and returns for our customers, Shareholders and investors.

Chairman and CEO 17 March 2014 
