Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of Hengan International Group Company Limited ( Hengan International or the Group ), I present its annual results for the year ended 31 December 2015.
During the year under review, China s economy grew at a slower pace, but Chinese government accelerated reforms and innovations. China s new two-child policy , along with the country s ongoing urbanization process will spur consumption demand and bode well for expansion of markets of high-quality personal and household hygiene products. As a leading company in the market for personal care and family hygiene products in mainland China, Hengan leverages its brand equity and economies of scale to grasp opportunities in the changing market and drive its consistent 
For the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group s revenue amounted to HK$24,450,468,000 (2014: HK$23,830,778,000), representing an increase of 2.6% over the prior year. Profit attributable to shareholders increased by about 3.4% to approximately HK$4,050,869,000 (2014: HK$3,915,818,000). Basic earnings per share were approximately HK$3.314 (2014: HK$3.188). The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$1.15 per share (2014: HK$1.15), which together with the interim dividend of HK$0.95 per share (2014 1H: HK$0.85), bringing the annual dividend to HK$2.10 per share (2014: HK$2.00).
During the year under review, the Group proactively responded to changes in the market and improved its marketing strategy, thus making steady progress in its major business. Its businesses of tissue paper, sanitary napkin and disposable diaper regained growth momentum in the second half of 2015. The tissue paper business continued to be the Group s major revenue source, accounting for approximately 44.2% of its total revenue. The businesses of sanitary napkin and disposable diaper remained resilient, and accounted for approximately 31.4% and 12.5% respectively of the Group s total revenue. The business of food and snacks accounted for 5.2% of the Group s total revenue. Benefitting from the optimized product portfolio which proved to be effective, as well as the drop in prices of such major raw materials as tissue wood pulp and petrochemical products, the Group s businesses of tissue paper, sanitary napkin and disposable diapers saw their gross profit margins increase.
Hengan International consistently upheld its corporate spirit of integrity, diligence, innovation and dedication.
The Group continued to launch new products and expand its operation by providing the public with high-quality personal and household hygiene products as well as improving the quality of their lives. In 2015, the Group won the Outstanding Listed Enterprise Award . Its brand Mind Act Upon Mind was named by the U.S.- based World Brand Labs as one of the China s 500 Most Valuable Brands and the brand was valued at 8.69 billion yuan. The brand s value increased by 1.74 billion yuan or 25% over 2014, in recognition of the Group s outstanding performance and market position.
Looking ahead to 2016, uncertainties surrounding the global economy, along with the slowing economic growth in China will impact the consumer confidence and overall market sentiment. Nevertheless, the country s rising personal income as well as growing awareness of health and hygiene will continue to be the major driving forces for the personal hygiene products market.
In face of market consolidation and the challenges of ever-changing demand of consumers, the Group will stay committed to enhancing product quality, optimizing the product mix, flexibly deploying marketing strategy and capturing market opportunities with a view to improving its profitability. With its nationwide distribution network and bold expansion strategy, the Group is confident of delivering sustainable business growth and maintaining its leading position in mainland China s personal hygiene product market amid steady economic growth in China.
I would like to express my gratitude to every member of staff for their continuous effort that contributed to the sustainable growth of Hengan International in the year under review. I would also like to thank the shareholders for their enduring support of the Group s development aspirations and strategies. In return, the entire staff of Hengan International will continue to work at full stretch to create higher values for the shareholders.

