CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of Hengan International Group Company Limited (“Hengan International” or the “Group”), I present
its annual results for the year ended 31 December 2016. During the year under review, the global political and
economic environments were volatile with the occurrence of a few “black swan events” one after another, in
particular, Britain’s decision to leave the European Union through a referendum and Donald Trump’s victory in
the U.S presidential election surprised the world the most. Despite an economic slowdown in China during the
year and the continuous depreciation of RMB, the Chinese government accelerated reforms and innovations to
spur domestic consumption. China’s “two-child” policy along with the country’s ongoing urbanization process
and rising income of Chinese citizens will bode well for the development of high-quality personal and household
hygiene products market. As a leading company in the market for personal care and family hygiene products in
mainland China, Hengan leverages its brand equity, economies of scale and the spirit of continuous innovation to
grasp opportunities in the changing market and drive its consistent business growth.
For the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group’s revenue
from continuing operations amounted to approximately
RMB19,277,397,000 (2015: RMB18,662,576,000), representing
an increase of about 3.3% over the prior year. Profit for continuing
operations attributable to the shareholders of the Company was
approximately RMB3,471,746,000 (2015: RMB3,233,204,000),
an increase of approximately 7.4% compared with that of
previous year. Overall profit attributable to shareholders increased
by about 10.3% to approximately RMB3,596,821,000 (2015:
RMB3,259,863,000). Overall basic earnings per share were
approximately RMB2.967 (2015: RMB2.667). The Board of
Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend of
RMB1.10 per share (2015: RMB0.96), which together with the
interim dividend of RMB0.85 per share (2015: RMB0.78), bringing
the annual dividend to RMB1.95 per share (2015: RMB1.74).
During the year under review, despite the intense competition in
the market, the Group flexibly adjusted its sales and marketing
strategy, thus making steady progress in its major business and
achieving continuous growth in the businesses of tissue paper
and sanitary napkin. The tissue paper business continued to be
the Group’s major revenue source, accounting for approximately
47.0% of the Group’s revenue from continuing operations. The
businesses of sanitary napkin and disposable diaper accounted
for approximately 34.1% and 11.2% respectively of the Group’s
total revenue from continuing operations. Benefitting from the
optimized product portfolio, the launch of several upgraded
products, as well as low prices of major raw materials such as
tissue wood pulp and petrochemical products during the year, the
Group’s businesses of tissue paper and disposable diapers saw
their gross profit margins increase.
Hengan International consistently upheld its corporate spirit of
integrity, diligence, innovation and dedication. Over the years,
the Group continued to learn, improve, transform and upgrade its
products and operations to provide the public with high-quality
personal and household hygiene products, attending to customers’ 
needs as well as growing with them. In addition to product
innovation, Hengan made continuous adjustments to its
business structure to keep abreast of the changes in the
market. Since 2013, the Group has been pushing forward
its third management reform through collaborations with
multiple professional third parties. Through optimization of
supply chain management, implementation of a flattened sales
team structure and establishment of an information platform,
the Group will enhance its operational efficiencies and its
sensitivity towards the market while reducing costs at the same
time.
In 2016, the Group was ranked in the top 10 of “2016 China
Brand Value Evaluation Information Conference” with brand
value at RMB52.2 billion and was ranked 2nd in the light
industry category. In addition, the Group was given a higher
ranking in Fortune’s “Top 500 Chinese Companies of 2016” in
recognition the Group’s outstanding performance and market
position.
Looking ahead to 2017, uncertainties surrounding the global
politics and economy will impact the consumer confidence
and overall market sentiment. Nevertheless, higher living
standards of Chinese residents, their growing awareness of
health and hygiene and the two-child policy will continue to
support the growth of the market of personal hygiene products.
The Group’s third management reform and implementation
of flattened sales team structure are expected to be completed
by 2017. By then, operational efficiencies from production to
logistics, inventory and sales will be enhanced. In addition,
the Group will stay committed to enhancing product quality,
optimizing the product mix and flexibly deploying marketing
strategy to capture market opportunities and improve its
profitability. These strategic plans will ensure the Group’s
long term and stable growth amid the evolving economic
environment, while maintaining its leading position in the
industry in mainland China.
I would like to express my gratitude to every member of staff
for their continuous effort that contributed to the development
of Hengan International in the year under review. I would also
like to thank the shareholders for their enduring support of
the Group’s future development aspirations and strategies. In
return, the entire staff of Hengan International will continue to
work at full stretch to create higher return for the shareholders.
Sze Man Bok
Chairman
Hong Kong, 21 March 2017