CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT On behalf of Hengan International Group Company Limited ( Hengan International or the Group ), I present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2007. The Group achieved satisfactory growth in revenue and profit attributable to shareholders, thanks to the thriving economy and uplifting living standard in mainland China which boosted the continuous expansion of the personal hygiene product market. The Group launched a variety of quality products which widely gained popularity in the market and strengthened our leading position in the personal and household hygiene product industry in China.
During the year under review, the Group recorded encouraging growth in both revenue and profit attributable to shareholders. For the year ended 31 December 2007, the Group s revenue was approximately HK$5,686,972,000, representing an increase of approximately 38.2% from the previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders increased by approximately 44.4% to approximately HK$1,005,939,000. Earnings per share amounted to approximately HK92.2 cents per share (2006: HK64.5 cents).
The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK32 cents per share (2006: HK25 cents).
Taking the interim dividend of HK28 cents per share (2006: HK18 cents) into account, the annual dividend amounted to HK60 cents per share (2006: HK43 cents).
The Group is dedicated to enhancing shareholders value and achieve a more promising return to shareholders by adopting relevant measures including a stable dividend policy and optimisation of financial structure. The Group placed 60,000,000 new shares in a top-up placement of existing shares in October 2007 and planned to use the net proceeds of approximately HK$1.797 billion for potential acquisitions, capacity expansion and general working capital. This placing of shares further strengthened the finanicial position of the Group. It also helped to drive the business development of the Group and enabled it to capture the opportunities effectively and efficiently in the personal and household hygiene products industry.
The Group received international recognition for its sound operation and sustainable profitability. Hengan International was ranked as one of the Top Enterprises in China by Forbes again during the year, and its ranking was raised to the 56th this year from the 70th last year, reflecting the increasing strength of the Group.
During the year, tissue paper business remained the major source of revenue of the Group, accounting for approximately 45.5% of the total revenue of the Group. The growth of disposable diaper and sanitary napkin businesses was also encouraging, accounting for approximately 27.1% and 23.9% of the total revenue of the Group respectively.
The Group has developed a wide range of tissue paper, sanitary napkin and disposable diaper products, so as to cater for different needs of customers. In addition, the Group continued to bring in new technology and technical talents to improve product quality, and develop more mid to high-end new products, building up a solid foundation for future development.
With our years of efforts, the Group has established a household brand name for its products. The Group s Hearttex tissue paper brand was accredited China Renowned Trademark and China Top Brand while the Anerle sanitary napkin brand was accredited China Renowned Trademark for many years. In 2007, Anerle disposable diaper brand and Elderjoy adult diaper brand were both awarded National Inspection Exempted Quality Products ( W[MQj"uTi}NsLr"uT). These awards demonstrate the outstanding brand building strategies and work of the Group.
Despite the continuous growth in the personal hygiene product market in mainland China, competition is very intense and raw material costs remained high.
Many small and medium manufacturers experienced operation difficulties and some were even out of market. However, the Group continued to expand the production scale to achieve better economies of scale and increased internal production efficiency by improving the production process and reducing the wastage of raw materials, thus successfully mitigating the impact of buoyant raw material prices.
Looking forward, the personal hygiene product market still has plenty of room and potential to grow under the favourable condition of steady growing economy and better living standard in mainland China. As such, the Group will capture business opportunities by expanding distribution and sales network, strengthening market promotion, enhancing product portfolio, developing more advanced technology to upgrade products and striving to increase production capacity.
I would like to express my gratitude to every staff for their continuous effort and strong passion which underlined the success of Hengan International, and also to every shareholder for their support and recognition to the development strategies and future goals of the Group. To thank for the trust on us, Hengan International will be fully dedicated and give all our best to create fruitful return for 
