Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of Hengan International Group Company Limited ( Hengan International or the Group ), I present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2012. During the year, although the European debt crisis and the U.S. fiscal cliff eased, recovery of the global economy remained slow. Faced with the complex economic environment, the Chinese government implemented a number of active measures to keep the domestic economy steadily growing at a relatively rapid pace. On the back of China s growing gross domestic product, the people s income and living standards continued to improve, driving the market demand for high-quality personal hygiene and care products. Capitalizing on its brand equity and scale advantage, Hengan International, as the leader in the domestic personal and household hygiene product industry, successfully seized market opportunities and facilitated continuous business development.
Benefiting from the industry boom, the Group registered growth in both revenue and profit attributable to shareholders for nine consecutive years and achieved record high. For the year ended 31 December 2012, the Group s revenue was approximately HK$18,524,233,000 (2011: HK$17,050,557,000), representing an increase of approximately 8.6% from that of the previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders increased by approximately 32.8 % to approximately HK$3,518,705,000 (2011: HK$2,648,839,000). Basic earnings per share amounted to approximately HK$2.863 (2011: HK$2.160). The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.95 per share (2011: HK$0.75).
Taking into account the interim dividend of HK$0.75 per share (2011: HK$0.60), the annual dividend amounted to HK$1.70 per share (2011: HK$1.35).
During the year, the tissue paper business continued to be the Group s major revenue source, accounting for approximately 49.4% of the Group s total revenue. The sanitary napkin business also recorded satisfactory growth and accounted for approximately 26.5% of the total revenue of the Group, while the disposable diaper business accounted for approximately 14.5%. The proportion of Qin Qin Foodstuffs Group Company Limited s revenue in the Group s total revenue declined slightly to approximately 7.5%.
Although China s slowing economic growth and intensifying competition of the personal and family hygiene product market brought new challenges to the industry, lower raw material prices in 2012 had a positive impact. The prices of the Group s major raw materials including paper pulp, fluff pulp and petrochemical products declined and remained stable. The decreased raw material prices, together with product portfolio optimization and enhancement of economies of scale, boosted the Group s gross margin for the year to approximately 44.9% (2011: 39.9%).
The Group adhered to its corporate spirit of Integrity, Diligence, Innovation, and Dedication in business operation and achieved a breakthrough with tremendous efforts, initiative for change and innovation. In 2012, the Group was listed as Asia s Fab 50 Companies by Forbes Magazine. This award fully recognizes the Group s practical yet proactive operations strategy and outstanding performance.
Looking ahead to 2013, the global economic outlook remains complex, and uncertainties will continue to pose challenges to our operation.
However, the Chinese government s efforts to maintain economic growth, accelerating urbanization and increasing awareness of personal hygiene will continue to bring growth opportunities for the Group. In addition to the investment in production capacity expansion for its main business as planned, the Group will also endeavor to improve product quality and enhance management efficiency, in order to strengthen its overall competitiveness and further enhance its brand influence to expand market share. The Group is well-poised to benefit from the economic growth in China and seize more market opportunities by leveraging its brand reputation and prudent expansion strategy to consolidate its market 
I would like to express my gratitude to every member of staff for their continuous effort that contributed to the steady growth of Hengan International. I would also like to thank shareholders for their enduring support and recognition of the development strategies and future goals of the Group. To thank our shareholders for their trust in us, Hengan International and our staff will continue to strive to create lucrative returns for our shareholders.

