On behalf of Hengan International Group Company Limited ( Hengan International or the Group ), I present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2009. During the year, the global economies were affected to different extents by the financial tsunami. China, as one of the major economies in the world, was inevitably affected. Nonetheless, with the Chinese government s positive attitude and the implementation of proactive policies, China maintained steady economic growth during the year. Hygiene products, as daily necessities, also maintained rapid growth in demand. Coupled with strong brand awareness and leading position in the domestic personal and family hygiene product industry, the Group is well positioned to maintain its robust revenue and profit growth.
During the year under review, the Group recorded steady growth in both revenue and profit attributable to shareholders. For the year ended 31 December 2009, the Group s revenue was approximately HK$10,833,839,000 (2008: HK$8,001,545,000), representing an increase of approximately 35.4% from that of the previous year.
Profit attributable to shareholders increased by approximately 57.9% to approximately HK$2,117,509,000 (2008: HK$1,340,914,000).
Basic earnings per share amounted to approximately HK$1.770 (2008: HK$1.172) per share. The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.60 (2008: HK$0.40) per share. Taking the interim dividend of HK$0.50 (2008: HK$0.32) per share into account, the annual dividend amounted to HK$1.10 (2008: HK$0.72) per share.
During the year, tissue paper business remained the major source of revenue of the Group, accounting for approximately 41.1% of the total revenue of the Group. The sanitary napkin and disposable diaper businesses also recorded satisfactory growth, accounting for approximately 23.5% and 19.9% of the total revenue of the Group respectively. QinQin Foodstuffs Group Company Limited ( QinQin Foodstuffs ), which was acquired by the Group in November 2008, became the fourth major business segment of the Group and accounted for approximately 8.0% of the Group s total revenue.
During the year under review, apart from pursuing profit growth and product quality enhancement, the Group also continued to enrich its product portfolio by developing more mid-to-high end products.
In addition, while catering to different customer needs, the Group also put more effort on brand promotion to further enhance its market share capitalising on the trend that Chinese consumers pursue for quality products. During the year, the Group was once again awarded the Credible Enterprise of China Accreditation , which fully affirmed the Group s brand reputation.
While actively expediting business growth, the Group also participates in social welfare activities within its ability in order to contribute to the community. In July 2009, Hengan was awarded China s Outstanding Charity Contribution Award by China Charity Federation, commending the Group s contributions to all walks of life throughout the years.
2010 is the 25th anniversary of Hengan International. The Group will strive to take its business to new heights through utilising its valuable experience and resources accumulated throughout the years, and leveraging its competitive edges in brand, distribution network, research and development as well as production capabilities.
In 2010, the Chinese Government is actively promoting the domestic economy. With its efforts to achieve stable economic growth, the Group believes that Chinese people s overall standard of living and awareness in health and hygiene will continue to improve, thus leading to huge growth potential for the hygiene product market in mainland China. As such, the Group is cautiously optimistic about our business prospects. With Hengan s brand equity, extensive distribution network and outstanding product quality, the Group is confident to further seize market opportunities, in order to consolidate its leading position in the market.
I would like to express my gratitude to every member of staff for their continuous effort that contributed to the steady growth of Hengan International. I would also like to thank shareholders for their enduring support and recognition of the development strategies and future goals of the Group. To thank for the trust our shareholders on us, Hengan International and our staff will continue to strive to create lucrative returns for our shareholders.

