Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of Hengan International Group Company Limited ( Hengan International or the Group ), I present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2011. During the year, the worsening European debt crisis dampened global economic recovery. Facing an external economic environment lined with complications and uncertainties, and a continuous increase in prices of commodities, the Chinese government adopted respective macroeconomic regulations and control measures to sustain a steady economic growth in China. Rising income of Chinese citizens and improved living standards promoted the expansion of hygiene products demand, especially the demand for higher quality hygiene and care products. Hengan International as the leader in the domestic personal and household hygiene product industry successfully seized market opportunity and facilitated continuous business development with its strong brand and scale advantage.
During the year under review, the Group recorded growth in both revenue and profit attributable to shareholders. For the year ended 31 December 2011, the Group s revenue was approximately HK$17,050,557,000 (2010: HK$13,431,688,000), representing an increase of approximately 26.9% from that of the previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders increased by approximately 8.6% to approximately HK$2,648,839,000 (2010: HK$2,438,328,000). Basic earnings per share amounted to approximately HK$2.160 per share (2010: HK$1.996). The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.75 per share (2010: HK$0.70). Taking into account the interim dividend of HK$0.60 per share (2010: HK$0.60), the annual dividend amounted to HK$1.35 per share (2010: HK$1.30).
During the year, tissue paper business continued to be the Group s major revenue source, accounting for approximately 47.0% of the Group s total revenue. The sanitary napkin and disposable diaper businesses also recorded steady growth, which accounted for approximately 24.1% and 16.0% of the total revenue of the Group respectively. Qin Qin Foodstuffs Group Company Limited continued to integrate with hygiene products business in every aspect and the economic benefit was emerging. During the year, revenue of Qin Qin Foodstuffs accounted for approximately 9.0% of the Group s total 
During the year under review, the prices of the Group s major raw materials, including wood pulp, fluff pulp and petrochemical products, increased significantly, which imposed pressure on the Group s production costs. Although the Group adopted appropriate and flexible cost control measures and improved product portfolio by launching high end products, to mitigate the adverse effect brought about by the increase in production costs, the Group s overall gross profit margin dropped to approximately at 39.9% (2010: 44.3%).
The Group adhered to its operation philosophy of Growing with You for a Better Life and the enterprise spirit of Integrity, Diligence, Innovation, Dedication and promoted business development actively for fruitful returns to shareholders. In 2011, the Group was honoured to be admitted as a constituent of the Hang Seng Index. The Group is also grateful for the market recognition towards the Group s diligent and proactive operation strategy over the years.
While steadily expediting business growth, the Group also actively fulfills its enterprise social responsibility and contributes to the society within its ability. During the year, the Group made charitable donations amounted to approximately HK$25,978,000 (2010: HK$25,784,000).
Looking forward to 2012, the Chinese economy is expected to maintain a steady growth. Accelerating urbanization and improvement in living standards will continue to provide vast business potentials for the Group. The Group will continue to develop more high end products and provide upgraded versions of existing products to cater to customers evolving needs for higher quality products. The Group is well-poised to benefit from the economic growth in China and seize more market opportunities by leveraging on the Group s brand reputation and prudent expansion strategy to consolidate its market 
I would like to express my gratitude to every member of staff for their continuous effort that contributed to the steady growth of Hengan International. I would also like to thank shareholders for their enduring support and recognition of the development strategies and future goals of the Group. To thank for the trust our shareholders on us, Hengan International and our staff will continue to strive to create lucrative returns for our shareholders.

