C hairman s S tatement 
Hengan endeavors to diversify its product portfolio to meet the needs of the market and maximize the returns for 
Hengan International Group Company Limited ( Hengan International or the Group ) has always placed customers and quality as its top priorities. Embracing its corporate mission of Growing with you for a better life throughout the years, the Group has grown to become a renowned personal hygiene corporation with many prestigious brands in the PRC market.
2003 was a year of substantial growth for the Group. Although competition in China s personal hygiene product market remained keen, the adjustments in product structure, complemented by the nationwide sales strategies, facilitated the Group in achieving stable growth from the existing products. In addition, the Group also brought in new income streams by way of acquisitions so as to strengthen the Group s profitability.
For the year ended 31st December 2003, turnover of the Group was HK$1,688,512,000, representing an increase of 51.4% as compared to the previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders increased 27.7% to HK$254,988,000 and earnings per share was HK 24.9 cents (2002: HK 20.1 cents). The Board has resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK 12 cents per share (2002: HK 10 cents). Together with the interim dividend of HK 10 cents per share, the annual dividend amounted to HK 22 cents per share (2002: HK 18 cents).
During the year under review, sanitary napkins (including pantiliners) continued to be the core products of the Group, contributing approximately 47.5% to the total turnover. Sales of baby diapers also showed a significant increase, contributing approximately 18.8% to the total turnover. Missmay skincare and cleansing products also witnessed growing market acceptance, with sales revenue contributing approximately 4.4% to the total turnover. The tissue paper business acquired by the Group during the year also stimulated the growth momentum and with only seven and a half months period following completion of the acquisition, it already contributed HK$409,846,000 of revenue, representing 24.3% of the total 
After years of rapid development, the sanitary napkin market has accumulated a high penetration rate throughout the country.
Given the low entry barriers of the industry, new entrants continued to intensify market competition and it is expected that it will take some time before there will be consolidation in the market. Amidst such intense market environment, the Group has adjusted its product mix and adopted flexible pricing strategy so as to maintain its market share. As such, sales showed a slight 
During the year, the satisfactory growth of the China s baby diaper business was mainly attributable to the improvement in the living standards, which in turn stimulated the continuous demand for disposable baby diapers. In addition, with the Group s quality products, nationwide distribution channels and appropriate marketing strategies, sales of the Group continued to record satisfactory growth during the year.
In the wake of the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) outbreak during the first half of the year, people became more aware of personal hygiene. Benefiting from such crisis, cleansing products under the Missmay series witnessed a steady development, as evidenced by the growing turnover during the year.
With the determination of becoming the leading corporation in the personal hygiene industry, the Group acquired the Hearttex tissue paper business in May 2003. With the ever-increasing demand for quality tissue paper, the Hearttex tissue paper business will continue to flourish at a rapid rate, bringing fruitful returns and revenue contribution to the Group.
The Group has established a sturdy foundation for future development amidst the intense market competition. The Group has accumulated serveral prestigious brands, including Anle , Anerle ?? !", Anerle ?? !", Missmay and Hearttex .
The Group will closely monitor the market trends and changes, bring in advanced production facilities and technology when appropriate, refine the packaging design of its products and launch unique products which suit market needs in order to enhance market share and profitability in every region so as to surpass its competitors in China s personal hygiene product 
Lastly, I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our shareholders, clients, consumers, business partners as well as all staff members for their support to the Group. Being an established enterprise that provides diversified personal hygiene products, Hengan International will continue to pursue its mission Growing with you for a better life to provide consumers with a healthy and affluent living style and to bring satisfactory returns to our shareholders.
Sze Man Bok 
