Chairman s Statement On behalf of Hengan International Group Company Limited ( Hengan International or the Group ), I present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2008. During the year, the financial tsunami resulting from the U.S. sub-prime mortgage crisis has dampened global economy and consumer market. Nevertheless, thanks to the relatively stable economic situation in mainland China, the demand for hygiene products as daily necessities remained steady during the year. The strong business foundation of the Group together with its high brand recognition also enabled us to maintain our leading position in the personal and household hygiene product industry in mainland China and contributed to the strong growth in both revenue and 
During the year under review, the Group recorded steady growth in both revenue and profit attributable to shareholders. For the year ended 31 December 2008, the Group s revenue was approximately HK$8,001,545,000 (2007: HK$5,686,972,000), representing an increase of approximately 40.7% from the previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders increased by approximately 33.0% to approximately HK$1,340,914,000 (2007: HK$1,008,157,000).
Earnings per share amounted to approximately HK$1.172 per share (2007: HK$0.924). The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.40 per share (2007: HK$0.32).
Taking the interim dividend of HK$0.32 per share (2007: HK$0.28) into account, the annual dividend amounted to HK$0.72 per share 
During the year, tissue paper business remained the major source of revenue of the Group, accounting for approximately 48.4% of the total revenue of the Group. The sanitary napkin and disposable diaper businesses also recorded satisfactory growth, accounting for approximately 25.2% and 23.4% of the total revenue of the 
The continuous rise in the prices of wood pulp and petrochemical products, the major raw materials, during the first three quarters of the year increased the production and transportation costs of the Group. Nevertheless, the impact of the cost increase was mitigated by the drop in prices of raw materials commencing from the fourth quarter, and the proactive measures adopted by the Group, including optimizing its product portfolio, gradual increasing production capacity that resulted in better economies of scale, seizing the right time to purchase raw materials at a relatively lower price, improving efficiency to reduce raw material wastage rate and raising the selling price of tissue products in March 2008.
On 28 November 2008, the Group successfully acquired the controlling interest in QinQin Foodstuffs Group Company Limited ( QinQin Foodstuffs ), one of the leading confectionery manufacturers in the mainland of the People s Republic of China ( PRC ). The Company is principally engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of food and snack products. Its key products are sold under the brand names of QinQin and Xianggeli . As only about one month of QinQin Foodstuffs results was consolidated into the accounts of the Group, contribution from QinQin Foodstuffs to the Group s results for 2008 was not significant. By capitalising on the years of experience of the Group in fast moving consumer products industry and the synergy effect resulting from the integration of supply chain, distribution channel and brand management with the Group s existing personal hygiene product business, the Group aimed at developing the food business into the Group s fourth major business segment in the future.
During the year under review, in order to satisfy different needs of customers and also increase its market share, the Group focused on developing its hygiene product business by continuing to diversify its product portfolio, developing more mid-to-high end product series and strengthening the intensity of brand promotion.
The Group continued to bring in new technology and employ experienced technical talents. During the year, the Research and Development Department of the Group was awarded the Enterprise Technological Centre with State Accreditation by five mainland China national departments, namely the National Development and Reform Commission, the National Bureau of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Finance, the China Customs and the State Administration of Taxation of the PRC. The accreditation was in recognition of our technological innovation and research and development standard. The Group will continue to dedicate efforts to technological innovation, strengthen our product research and development capabilities and enhance our production technology and product quality in order to improve our overall competitiveness. In early 2009, the Group appointed a leading international consulting firm as the independent management consultant in order to strengthen our internal control and enhance our operational efficiency and competitiveness.
Looking ahead, the Group strongly believes that despite the uncertainties surrounding the global economy, the prospect of the hygiene product market in mainland China still carries huge growth potential, thanks to improving living standard and increasing awareness in health and hygiene of Chinese people. According to the National Bureau of Statistics, Gross Domestic Products of mainland China and the overall consumer price level still maintained high single-digit growth in 2008, and disposable income per capita for urban and rural citizens continued to grow, reflecting rising living standard of Chinese people. In order to cope with the financial tsunami and bolster economic growth, the central government announced a massive RMB4 trillion stimulus package to stimulate the economy and boost domestic demand. It is expected that the positive effects of these measures will be reflected gradually.
Therefore, the Group will take a prudent yet optimistic approach and by consolidating our existing business, developing distribution network, strengthening market promotion to reinforce our brand position, enhancing product portfolio and developing more advanced technologies to upgrade our products and customer services. In addition to improving our product standard, we will also strive to expand our production capacity to achieve better economies of scale and thereby capturing market opportunities.
I would like to express my gratitude to every member of staff for their continuous effort that contributed to the steady growth of Hengan International. I would also like to thank shareholders for their enduring support and recognition of the development strategies and future goals of the Group. To thank for the trust our shareholders on us, Hengan International and our staff will continue to strive to create lucrative returns for our shareholders.

