President s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ), I am pleased to present to all shareholders the results of Shanghai Allied Cement Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31st December, 2003.

During the year under review, benefiting from the over-demand in cement market in Mainland China, which in turn drove up the prices of cement, together with other reasons as detailed in the Management Discussion and Analysis, the Group achieved good results. The turnover of the Group was HK$382,879,000 and net profit was HK$50,023,000.

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK4 cents (2002: HK3 cents).
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS The Register of Members will be closed from Thursday, 13th May, 2004 to Wednesday, 19th May, 2004, both days inclusive, during which period no share transfer will be effected. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, shareholders must ensure that all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company s Hong Kong Branch Share Registrars, Secretaries Limited, GF, Bank of East Asia Harbour View Centre, 56 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:00 p.m. on Wednesday, 12th May, 2004.

Notwithstanding it is generally anticipated that the economic growth in China in 2004 may slightly slow down as compared with the previous year, and the impacts arising from the government s adjustments made to investments in cement and related businesses and financial policies earlier this year, the Group, against the backdrop of over-demand in high-quality cement prevailing in the market, believes that the government s relevant regulations would only cause an adverse impact on the small-scale cement factories whilst they would bring positive effects to the Group in the middle to long term.

With respect to the existing market, the demand for cement arising from the construction of infrastructures and property development is still strong, and accordingly the growth momentum for the production and turnover of cement and clinker of the Group will be sustained in 2004. Strenuous efforts will continue to be made in the coming years in search for prestigious business partners for setting up cement and slag powder plants in areas where there is development potential. In respect of the natural stone and ceramic tile business, the Group will continue to focus our development in Mainland China and actively identify internationally prestigious brand names for introducing them into the market. The Group would also diversify our products to include sanitary ware and construction steel. With the diligence of the management and the staff, 2004 will be another year in which better results are achieved.

I hereby express my deepest gratitude to all shareholders and customers for their trust and support, and I sincerely thank all the directors and staff for their diligence and dedication to the Group.
Ng Qing Hai 
Hong Kong, 26th March, 2004 
