On behalf of the Board of Directors (the "Directors"), I hereby present the annual report and the
audited financial statements for the nine months ended 31st December, 2001 of Shanghai Allied
Cement Limited (the "Company", together with its subsidiaries, the "Group").
With the effort of the new management team, the Group has recorded profitability during the
period. Turnover of the Group was HK$35,469,000 and the net profit for the period amounted to
HK$1,028,584,000. The Group's net profit was mainly attributable to the share of profit after taxation
of HK$15,315,000 from Shanghai Allied Cement Co., Ltd, gain on financial restructuring of
HK$976,860,000 and gain on deconsolidation of subsidiaries of HK$61,121,000. The results signalized
that the financial position of the Group has achieved a successful recovery.
The Directors do not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the nine months ended 31st
December, 2001.
Year 2001 was a turning point for the Group as financial restructuring was completed in mid-May
2001 and the new management took over the control of the Group. During the past several months,
the management and our staff contributed significant effort in streamlining the Group's operational
environment including the elimination of obsolete stock of ceramic tiles and marble, implementation
of cost control policies and re-establishment of internal control systems. Besides, the Group also
li quidated or disposed some of the subsidiaries which were problematic. As a result of this, the
financial and operational conditions of the Group have been greatly improved and promising
operational results were recorded. On the other hand, the Group implemented its strategy on
further expanding its cement business by leasing a production line in June 2001 in Shandong province.
This move enabled the Group to complete its first stage of its expansion plan and enhance its
market share of its cement business in the eastern part of the Mainland China (the "PRC").
PROSPECTS
Year 2002 is a challenging year for the Group. Through stimulation of domestic demand, the
government of the PRC is expecting its economic growth will reach around 7% this year. Investments
in infrastructure and property sectors will increase substantially and these will benefit the cement
market. However, competition will also increase in the same manner. With our staff's talent, our
superior services and our flexible marketing strategy, we are prepared to meet these challenges.
With the solid foundation of Shanghai Allied Cement Co., Ltd and the successful operation of
Shandong Shanghai Allied Cement Co., Ltd, the platform for further development of the Group's
cement business has been formed and consolidated. In the coming year, the Group will continue to
expand its cement production capacity efficiently and enhance its competitive ability.
Concurrently, the Group will continue to devote its resources to the restructured ceramic tiles,
granite and marble businesses and to continue to implement measures to further upgrade the
quality of the Group's products and after-sales services, to reduce the production costs so as to
increase our competitiveness.
APPKILLIA I ION
On behalf of the Directors,  I  would like to express my appreciation to our shareholders, customers
and dedicated staff for their consistent support. Besides, the Directors are dedicated to achieve a
satisfactory return to our shareholders in the coming years and to provide the best of our services to
our customers.
David Hui Yip Wing
Chairman
21st March, 2002