President s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ), I am pleased to present to all shareholders the results of Shanghai Allied Cement Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31st December, 2004.

The rising price of raw materials and freight charges of the PRC cement market during the year, coupled with the drop in cement price in the second half of the year, has led to a fall in profit of the Group. The turnover and net profit were HK$377,844,000 and HK$10,414,000 respectively, representing a decrease of 1.3% and 79.2% as compared to the preceding year.

The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31st December, 2004 (2003: HK4 cents).

It is expected that the economic growth momentum of the State for the coming year can be maintained. The cement industry will be more regulated and will be developed in the direction of high technology and high quality. Such development provides the Group with an edge. The Group will also expand its cross-regional sales in order to raise our profit-making opportunities and to reduce the risks of reliance on a single market. The adverse effects of over-expansion of the cement industry as expected by the Group have gradually manifested and cutthroat competition is not uncommon in Eastern China. All the cement conglomerates should adopt a stabilising strategy with due care to protect the market, so as to safeguard the market from 
With respect to stone and ceramic tile business, as there is gradually greater need for better living and working environment, which is driven by the incessant growth of the domestic economy, the market demand for imported materials will then be higher. The Group will commit greater effort in the marketing activities of different relevant business segments accordingly. While for domestic products, the Group will assist the manufacturers in improving the production and processing technologies so as to meet the market demand.

I hereby express my deepest gratitude to all shareholders and customers for their trust and support, and I sincerely thank all the directors and staff for their diligence and dedication to the Group.
Ng Qing Hai 
Hong Kong, 23rd March, 2005 