CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
Having joined the Board of Directors of Alibaba Pictures Group Limited (the “Company” or “Alibaba Pictures”,
together with its subsidiaries, the “Group” or “we” or “us” or “our”) in November 2016, I was appointed
as CEO in December. Given the continuous investment in its platform infrastructure and business foundation
over the last several years, the Group is about to enter into a phase of development characterized by robust
business expansion. I feel greatly confident and excited about the prospects of the Group.
The continual rise of the middle class in China poses significant implications on the current and future
consumption structure. It is expected that a larger portion of the population’s rising disposable income is
likely to be spent on products and services for entertainment purposes. According to data from the State
Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television in China (“SARFT”) and National Association of
Theatre Owners in the U.S., the number of cinema admissions in China have surpassed that of North America
for the first time in 2016. Given the rising consumer demand, the domestic media and entertainment industry
is expected to continue its growth.
As a macro trend, management is aware that the film industry, both in terms of content and marketing
channels to the users, is experiencing a transformation from digitalization to networked, and further to
intelligence stage. Particularly, in China, such transformation is progressing rigorously.
In view of the rapid evolution of industry structure and consumer behavior, the Group will continue to
formulate its business layout and upgrade its services around the entertainment ecosystem in the long run.
Relying on data and technological strength, and tapping opportunities that arise from movement of the film
industry towards digitalization, networked and intelligence, the Group intends to build a new infrastructure
for the film industry.
From the user end (C end), the Group is committed to becoming a new infrastructure for distributing
movie contents to users. Currently, the Group has established a solid business foundation in terms of film
promotion, distribution and ticketing through its online ticketing platform, Tao Piao Piao, with such platform
gradually upgrading from a ticketing platform to a social platform revolving around movie contents, the
Group is providing various studios with more content marketing tools with direct access to users. Such
ongoing business upgrade has effectively increased Tao Piao Piao’s market share, and currently, Tao Piao Piao
has become a leading online ticketing platform that has access to more than 6,000 cinemas in China.
From the studios and cinemas end (B end), the Group will, through its digitalized, networked, and intelligent
product innovation and systematic solutions, facilitate cinemas and studios to enhance their production,
operation, promotion efficiency, such that, the Group’s products and services could become industry-wide
infrastructure, and thus be able to serve a wider range of customer groups. We will continue to enrich the
overall attractiveness of Tao Piao Piao for the users, as well as deepen the partnership between Yueke and
cinemas through its value-added services. Together with the enhancement of on-the-ground promotion and
distribution capabilities, the Group will accomplish the offline-to-online transition. In the future, the Group
will increase user loyalty and usage duration on its platform by bringing together more content and social
features to its products, and continue to grow its App (Tao Piao Piao), while strengthening its traffic linkage
with Alibaba Group through multiple entry points, with the aim to create a “marketing service platform” that
feeds movie content directly to users.
After years of extraordinary growth in domestic box office, China’s film industry has gradually matured.
According to statistics published by SARFT, total revenue generated from box offices in China reached
RMB45.7 billion in 2016, recording a growth of 4% year-on-year, compared to a growth of 48.7% in
the previous year. Going forward, it is expected that China’s box office will gradually return to a cycle of
normalized growth. In terms of content distribution, online video streaming sites exhibited strong growths,
as was evident from the increase in viewing hits and the number of paid memberships. Therefore, in addition
to its continuous investment in blockbuster film projects such as Once Upon a Time (三生三世十里桃花) and
Gujian Qitan 2 (古劍奇譚2), the Group will also allocate sufficient resources to the creation and production of
drama series, aimed to be released through online video streaming sites or TV stations.
During the year, the Group’s former Entertainment e-commerce business (including Yulebao business and
copyright licensing business) had been upgraded into the Group’s Integrated Development Department. In
addition to improving the existing financing function for entertainment projects, the Group will establish a
comprehensive copyright operation team. Focused on the comprehensive development of copyright values,
the Group will seek to integrate copyrights owned by Alibaba Group’s media and entertainment segment,
and provide a comprehensive series of copyright-related professional services ranging from financing, business
placement, promotion and distribution to the development of related merchandise, offering an innovative
service model for integrated copyright development.
During 2016, in addition to strengthening the Group’s operating assets, the Group continued to utilize its
financial resources to grow its business profile through investments and acquisitions. Domestically, the Group
invested in Dadi Cinema Group and further invested in BONA Film Group. Internationally, the Group invested
in Amblin Partners (led by Steven Spielberg), with whom it will work together to co-produce and invest in
film projects that aim to provide quality movie contents to the global and Chinese audiences. Based on the
online promotion and distribution platform developed by the Group, the Group will continue to make bolt-on
investments in quality businesses that could create value for the entire entertainment ecosystem.
The Group has been collaborating with Hollywood’s first tier studios since 2015. Access to international
projects and global leading talents will serve to strengthen the Group’s overall production and distribution
capabilities. As innovative ideas often derive from exposure to different cultures and perspectives, we will
continue to work with our global partners in bringing more original and exciting contents to our users.
As the Group further develops its businesses, adopting a data driven approach is critical in business
decision-making. In the digital age, data not only brings insights into business enhancement and improves
business decisions, it also contributes to the artistic creation of entertainment contents. It is through big data
that we will be able to generate entertainment contents that suit the general audiences’ preferences, and
deliver the appropriate contents to each consumer according to their individual tastes. In light of the benefits
already received, we will continue to improve and enhance our capability to utilize data.
At the same time that I serve as the CEO and chairman of the Board of Alibaba Pictures, I also head several
businesses under the media and entertainment segment of Alibaba Group, including, among others, UCWeb,
Youku Tudou, Alibaba Literature, Alibaba Gaming. These businesses have a natural synergy with the Group.
We will focus on connecting and integrating these business units, thoroughly uncovering and enhancing
their commercial values, and strive to align their developmental goals and plans. We are also committed to
achieving strategic resource identification and sharing at a higher level, which is critical in maximizing the
commercial interests of the Group.
Among these different business units, Alibaba Pictures will become a production center and a platform for the
promotion and distribution of entertainment contents. Currently, Alibaba Pictures not only serves consumers
(C end) but also studios and cinemas (B end). I expect that the Group’s commercial reach will soon extend
to online video streaming sites and other businesses whose products or services can be promoted using
entertainment contents. Future opportunities for the Group’s businesses are unlimited.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our staff for their hard work and commitment over the past
year. My sincere gratitude also goes to our customers, business partners and shareholders.
Our journey is only beginning.
Yu Yongfu
Chairman
Hong Kong, March 30, 2017