President s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ), I am pleased to present to all shareholders the results of Shanghai Allied Cement Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31st December, 2005.

Due to the effects caused by the macro-economic adjustments in the PRC over the past two years on the 2005 results, gross profit of the Group s cement business dropped significantly. In addition, as the Group during the year has applied new accounting standards (details of which can be referred to notes 2 and 14 of the financial statements), the accounting treatment for goodwill has been changed; also, as there existed uncertainty in the state of the Shanghai cement market, the Group has a goodwill impairment loss of HK$14,139,000 during the year as a result. It should be noted that impairment loss recognised in respect of goodwill does not have any effect on the Group s cash flow. The Group s turnover for 2005 amounted to HK$349,437,000, representing a decrease of 7.5% as compared to the previous year, the loss attributable to equity holders of the Company was HK$35,233,000 (2004: profit of HK$10,414,000).

The Board resolved not to recommend any final dividend for the year ended 31st December, 2005 (2004: nil).

According to the State Development and Reform Commission: in 2005, the cement production in Mainland China reached 1.06 billion tonnes representing a 9.3% year-on-year increase and a 3.2 percentage point drop in growth rate as compared to the year before. The key works for cement industry in 2006 are: size of the industry shall not be expanded, but major reform on existing enterprises shall continue while the pace of fading out backward smaller cement plants shall speed up .
Implementation of these policies will be beneficial to the healthy development of the industry. On the other hand, the fact that the country emphasises on GDP s growth quality and implementation of sustainable development strategy has objectively restrained the irrational expansion in cement production scales. However, financial strength in Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Shanghai continuously gains ground, all setting up ambitious infrastructure construction plans. For example, in Shanghai, a 400 kilometer railway network to be completed by 2010, the construction of the World Expo halls, the extension project of Yangshan Port and the construction of Chongming Island, all are good news for the industry. The economies of northern Jiangsu, southern Shandong and Shanghai, which are targeted markets of the Group, are still exuberant. The Group has achieved the first goal of its cement development strategy, and henceforth the Group will strengthen the management on individual projects. By sticking to technology renovation, selective purchases on quality items and strengthening its brand building, the Group s core competitive edges will be enhanced. The Group is full of confidence in its future development.

We would like to extend our sincere thanks to our customers, shareholders and staff for their understanding and support.
Ng Qing Hai 
Hong Kong, 23rd March, 2006 