Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Directors ), I am pleased to present to all shareholders the results of Shanghai Allied Cement Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31st 
During the year under review, the global economy was weak and all trades and professions were confronted with many challenges. However, owing to the cautious approach adopted by the Group for its business strategy, satisfactory results have been recorded for the year under review. The turnover of the Group was HK$258,011,000 and net profit 
The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK3 cents per share (1.4.2001 to 31.12 2001: Nil).
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS The Register of Members will be closed from Tuesday, 6th May, 2003 to Monday, 12th May, 2003, both days inclusive, during which period no share transfer will be effected. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, shareholders must ensure that all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company s Hong Kong Branch Share Registrars, Secretaries Limited, GF., Bank of East Asia Harbour View Centre, 56 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:00 p.m. on Monday, 5th May, 2003.

The gross domestic product of China increased by 8% in 2002, and it is expected to reach 7% or above in 2003.
Global funds continue its flow into China since the entry of WTO and significant projects have been launched, such as the Olympics and the World EXPO. Various medium to large cities have continuously and greatly become involved in developing infrastructure and property projects, which in turn generate a significant support to the market of 
The principal businesses of the Group continue to target at the domestic market of China. In recent years when the Mainland economy continues to prosper, the increasing number of construction projects has generated huge demands for cement, ceramic tiles and natural stone.
However, the better the opportunities are, the greater the competition has become. The price of cement experienced a steep decline in the last year, and it is possible that the decline will continue through 2003. Also, competition in the natural stone and ceramic tile business is extremely keen. The flux of foreign quality products not just present opportunities, but also pressure on the domestic products.
The situation is not optimistic.
To maintain its competitive edge, the Group will continue to adopt cautious cost control measures to further reduce cost and expenses. It will at the same time strive to raise operation efficiency, improve productivity and upgrade product quality in order to further expand its market share.
For environmental protection, the Group has maintained its past efforts in striving to raise the level of environmental 
In spite of uncertainty in the global economy, numerous opportunities still abound in the Mainland. The Group will explore investments in a cautious approach, and achieve the annual production target of 3,000,000 tonnes in a short period of time. The Group will also expand the natural stone and ceramic tile business and channel more resources to the business, so as to generate a higher return for the 
I hereby express my profound gratitude to all shareholders and customers who have supported the Group, and I sincerely thank all the fellow Directors and staff for their diligence and dedication to the Group.
David Hui Yip Wing 
Hong Kong, 20th March, 2003 
