Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of Shandong Weigao Group Medical Polymer Company Limited, I would like to present the audited consolidated results of the Group for the year ended 31st December 2010. The Group s results in 2010 have continued to grow steadily, with prominent effect from the optimization adjustment to product mix, which laid a foundation for our future 
During the year under review, the Group recorded turnover of approximately RMB2,462,557,000 for the year ended 31st December 2010, representing an increase of approximately 31.1% over the previous year and profit attributable to equity shareholders was approximately RMB799,072,000 and basic earning per share was approximately RMB0.37. The growth in turnover and profit attributable to shareholders have been mainly due to our strategy in improving the 
During the year, the Group continued the strategy of improving the product mix, focusing on the business development of orthopaedic products, blood purification products and increased the marketing and sales effort on high value-added products such as intravenous catheters, high-end infusion sets, safety auto disable syringes, and phased out the production of some low value-added products. The result was remarkable. Due to effective change in product mix, the Group further increased the gross profit margin to 55.2% from 53.3% in the previous year. The performance of the Group in four business segments was as 
1. Consumables: Remarkable results were achieved following the product mix adjustment on the principal products. The Group recorded a turnover of approximately RMB1,981,247,000, representing an increase of 29.8% over the previous year. The Group recorded a continued growth in needle products, with turnover of approximately RMB398,354,000 during the year, representing an increase of 21.3% when compared with the previous year. The Directors believe that needle products will become an important area for continued development of the Company.
Market development of specialized infusion set with dosage control device and infusion sets made of proprietary non PVC based material has also maintained the rapid growing momentum during the year. It drove the turnover of infusion sets of the Group to RMB723,697,000, representing an increase of 37.9% over the previous year. With the keen market competition for infusion sets, the Group s favourable position in the high-end infusion set was further 
During the year, the glass tube production line for pre-filled syringes has been operated smoothly. The Company established a favourable position in market development. The turnover of pre-filled syringes for the year amounted to approximately RMB97,676,000, representing an increase of 53.0% over the previous 
2. The blood purifications business of Weigao Blood, a subsidiary of the Company, has achieved fast growth and recorded a turnover for the year of approximately RMB142,893,000, representing an increase of approximately 107.4% when compared with the previous year; the Group planned to invest approximately RMB100,000,000 for purchasing the second polymer membrane dialysis device production line to expand the production capacity so as to meet the market demand. The Directors expect that the blood purification business will become an important direction and area for development of the Group.
3. The turnover of orthopaedic business for the year was approximately RMB175,233,000, representing a growth of 39.9% when compared with the previous year. The Distribution Joint Venture with Medtronic, Inc. in orthopaedic products was running well and net profit attributable to the Group for the year were approximately RMB44,140,000, representing an increase of 39.7% when compared with the previous 
As result of the aforesaid measures in adjusting the product mix, the percentage of turnover from high value-added products (products with gross profit margins of over 60%) of the Group to its total turnover maintained at 44.8% (2009: 44.6%).
4. The stent business of JW Medical, a 50% jointly owned entity of the Company, has sustained its fast growth trend, and contributed approximately RMB155,587,000 to the profit of the Group, representing an increase of 42.3% when compared with the previous year.

The year 2010 was the toughest year in the history of the Group. Firstly, there was no major improvement in the delay of settlement from customers. It was necessary to strike a balance in terms of sales growth, resources allocation and selection of different product categories from time to time to ensure the balance between short-term interests and long-term development. Secondly, the materials costs during the year were again increased significantly and the trend continues resulting in fairly low profit margin or loss making for majority of the conventional single use consumables.
The Group continues to suppress such product sales so as to maintain a reasonable level of profit margin. It certainly has, to certain extent, had an impact on the growth in sales of conventional single use consumables. Furthermore, during the year, the Company faced drastic increase in labour cost and pressure in recruitment. Due to the speed up of business expansion of multinational companies in China market and the listing of industry players which are in common business areas of that of the Group in various capital markets, it has major impact on substantially speeds up the increase in salary and fringe benefits. The Group considers that a stable working team is fundamental to the continuous development of the Company. With this new market development in human resources, the Group promptly adjusted the salary and the policy on fringe benefits to retain a stable working team. The Group expects that continuous increase in labour costs and fringe benefits will be a major challenge.
Through emphasis on innovation and increase in high value added products, the Company will maintain its long term competitive edge in the competitive environment. The Group will take into account the changes in the market and appropriately offer a long term competitive salary and fringe benefits to retain talents in the competitive market.

Looking forward to 2011, the Group believes that materials and labour costs will continue to increase significantly, but with a lowered growth rate based on the huge surge in 2010. With the continuous increase of capital investment in the healthcare industry, the receivables collection should be eased to a certain degree when compared with 2010.
Competition in talent recruitment will be further intensified and the continuous talents shortage situation will remain. On the basis of the significant improvement of the remuneration and welfare levels of production staff in 2010, the Group will continue to face the pressure arising from the surge in remuneration and welfares for management, research and development, and sales staff in 2011. The shortage of conventional single use consumables and blood purification consumables production capacity will constraint further market development. The Group will accelerate on product mix adjustment and technological improvement, as well as raising the production capacity of existing equipment to satisfy the demand of the current market. Meanwhile, the Group will speed up the relocation of new factories to fully relieve the pressure in production capacity. Overall, 2011 will still be a tough year. The directors believe that the Group will place emphasis on the following aspects in 2011: 1. Continue to intensify more efforts on research and development of new products and product sales mix adjustment and consolidate the Group s competitive position in the PRC high-end market. The Group will strengthen the medical staff training and the selection and consolidation of distributors in the middle- end market, thereby laying a solid foundation for the Group s entry into the middle-end market after production capacity expansion in 2012.

2. Continue to focus on domestic market. Leverage on the stable development of domestic market to backup the long term process of developing and expanding overseas market. Fully capitalise on the customer resource strengths in the PRC high-end market, through international collaboration by ways of joint venture, co-operation, technology transfer, acquisitions and mergers, etc., thereby introducing technologies and further expanding product categories.
3. Capitalize on the Group s research and development strengths, continue to increase the investments in technological improvement, and increase automation with an objective of assimilating the rising labour cost and recruitment pressure in the long run. The Group will speed up the study and implementation of the long term incentive scheme for employees to share the success of the Group. The Group will continue to offer competitive salary and fringe benefits packages to retain and expand the work force.
With the launching of more upgraded products and new product series, gradual expansion of production capacity and the entry into the middle-end market, the management believes that the Group will continue to consolidate its leading position in the PRC market. The Group and its employees are confident to face new 
By leveraging on the Group s in-depth knowledge of the domestic market and the application of advanced technology and the continued innovation in operation management, the Group will continue to strengthen its professional management team. The Group and its employees are confident to face new challenges.

DIVIDENDS, BONUS ISSUE AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS The Board has resolved to recommend a final dividend of RMB0.075 per share (inclusive of tax). The total amount of dividends to be distributed shall be approximately RMB161,442,000, of which dividends paid to non-resident corporate shareholders will be subject to the corporate tax applicable on the PRC sourced income pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law and the Regulations on the Implementation of the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law that became effective on 1 January 2008 and the applicable tax rate is 10%. The listed issuer will be responsible for withholding the relevant amount of tax from the dividend payment and the dividends to be received by the non-resident corporate shareholders will be net of withholding tax. The proposal to declare and pay this final dividend will be submitted to the shareholders of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting ( AGM ) to be held on Tuesday, 7 June 2011. Final dividend for non-listed Shares will be distributed and paid in RMB whereas dividend for H Shares will be declared in RMB and paid in Hong Kong dollars.
The Board has also proposed the bonus issue to its shareholders of H Shares and Non-listed Shares on the basis of one (1) bonus H Share for every one (1) H Share and one (1) bonus Non-listed Share for every one (1) existing Non- listed Share in issue on the record date, i.e. 7 June 2011.
The proposal to issue bonus shares will be submitted to the Shareholders of the Company at the forthcoming first special general meeting ( First SGM ) and class meetings for holders of H shares and class meetings for holders of non-listed shares ( Class Meetings ) to be held on Tuesday, 7 June 2011. The register of holder of H Shares of the Company will be closed from Friday, 6 May 2011 to Tuesday, 7 June 2011 (both days inclusive) during which no transfer of H Shares will be registered. In order to qualify for entitlement to the proposed final dividend, bonus shares and for attending and for voting in the AGM, the First SGM, Class Meetings of the Company, all transfers of H Shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company s H Share Registrar, Tricor Standard Limited at 26F., Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 5 May 2011. The final dividend and bonus shares will be distributed on or before Thursday, 30 June 2011 by ordinary post at shareholder s own risk.

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING, THE FIRST SPECIAL GENERAL MEETING AND MEETING FOR HOLDER OF H SHARES AND MEETING FOR HOLDER OF NON-LISTED SHARES The AGM, the First SGM and Class Meeting for holders of H shares and Class Meeting for holders of non-listed shares of the Company will be held at 9:00 a.m., 9:15 a.m., 9:30 a.m. and 9:45 a.m. respectively (or immediately after the conclusion or adjournment of the previous meeting) on Tuesday, 7 June 2011 at the registered office of the Company at No. 312 Shichang Road, Weihai City, Shandong 
The Group s various achievements as mentioned above are attributable to the continued supports of the staff, customers and business partners and shareholders. I would like to take this opportunity to express my most sincere thanks for all your contributions! Chen Xue Li 15 March 2011 