CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
The year 2014 was filled with changes, challenges and opportunities for Alibaba Pictures Group Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ).
On June 24, 2014, Alibaba Group Holding Limited ( AGHL , together with its subsidiaries, Alibaba Group ), the world s leading online and mobile commerce company, became the Company s controlling shareholder through its subsidiary Ali CV Investment Holding Limited ( Ali CV ), bringing on board (the Board ) directors with expertise in film, television entertainment and risk management to the Group.
In August 2014, the Company was officially renamed Alibaba Pictures Group Limited. After Alibaba Group became a shareholder, the Group s financial position and capital strength further improved. The in-depth integration between the internet and the traditional film and television industry has offered the Group numerous business development opportunities, enabling the Group to tap into its strengths in media resources and channels, and grow existing businesses and seize potential investment opportunities. The new management s professional experience in the film and television entertainment industry brought fresh insights to the Group.
Henceforth, the Group s industry categorization is no longer limited to film and television content production, but an integration of content industry driven by the internet.
The start of the new management s term heralded a new phase of development for the Group. The Group systematically reviewed past business strategies, processes and structures, financial information and other aspects. Further, the Group focused on strengthening internal control and review procedures, upholding high standards of corporate governance and transparency, in order to live up to its commitment to corporate governance and investor protection, and adopt financial and business operation principles that are in line with other subsidiaries and entities within Alibaba Group.
Despite the changes and challenges during the period, the Group was able to review and understand the development trend in the business-related fields under the guidance of the new management, in particular the latest trends in digital entertainment development. The Group refined its strategy taking into account the advances in China s cultural industry and the Group s existing resources and strategic advantages. In future, the Group will focus resources on developing the sales and distribution of film and TV copyrights, areas where it has a strategic business advantage. The Group will also cooperate extensively with various broadcasting platforms, to explore the model of e-commerce drama series integrating e-commerce resources and content development, production and broadcasting.
China s film and television industries have recorded strong growth in recent years. China has evolved into the world s second-largest film market and the third-largest film producing country. The Notice of Economic Policies Supporting the Development of Film Industry jointly issued by seven ministries, including the Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Land and Resources and the People s Bank of China in June 2014, has brought another round of growth momentum to the Chinese film industry development, by supporting the film industry s development in eight aspects ranging from financial subsidies, tax incentives, financial support to land policies. As for television drama series, the market size and development potential should not be underestimated with the sizeable audience groups in China. In January 2015, the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television introduced the One drama series, two satellite TV channels 
policy stipulating that no more than two satellite TV channels can air the same drama series during evening primetime, and no more than two episodes of the same drama series during primetime. This is expected to raise purchasing costs of drama series for television channels, leading to more rigorous assessment of drama series quality in the selection process. The new policy will favor corporations such as the Group, which has abundant production resources and brand advantages.
In addition to the continuous growth of the film and television drama series market, and the policies supporting its growth, the Group also observed revolutionary changes in industry sectors such as creativity, production and distribution, driven by rapid developments in terms of the internet and big data. The ecology of the China film and television entertainment industry is undergoing profound structural changes.
Given the far-reaching implications of the digital entertainment trend on the film and television industry and the cultural industry, the Group is trying to embed online elements and e-commerce in its film and television business development. This is to help foster in-depth cooperation across industries and between the e-commerce business and the cultural industry, giving a new experience to Chinese audiences and changing them from consumers of content to content producing users.
Steady progress in film and television businesses During the reporting period, the Group continued to focus on its core business of film and television drama series production, distribution and copyright business. Additionally, it launched a number of outstanding pieces, such as Bayonet Hero (:RR), which were broadcasted on numerous mainland satellite television channels. Productions such as Dearest (av), directed by Mr. Peter Chan with Ms. Vicky Zhao as the lead, and Breakup Buddies (_>e), starring renowned mainland stars such as Mr. Huang Bo and Mr. Xu Zheng, garnered impressive box office records and gained a strong reputation. On the other hand, the movie Wolf Totem (rW0), which was adapted from the mainland best-selling book and directed by French renowned director Mr. Jean-Jacques Annaud, marked its official global release in February 2015 and has become a recent highlight in the film market.
As for investments, the Group focused on both industry development and its business strategy, further stepping up business development and seizing more investment opportunities in quality film and television products during the year. It purchased the film and television copyrights of many well-known cultural pieces, including the film adaptation right for My Fair Princess (s<h<h), television drama series adaptation right for the popular mainland hypertext fiction Ghost Blows out the Light (<9Tq), and invested in the production of a 42-episode TV drama series entitled Billion Dollar Inheritors (|bN) directed by Ms. Li Shao Hong. Further, the Group has started working with its industry peers to jointly develop intellectual 
Building strategic partnerships with industry elites The Group also actively started strategic partnerships with industry elites, including the signing of motion pictures development cooperation agreements with renowned directors and producers such as Mr. Wong Kar Wai and Mr. Peter Chan. The Group established partnerships with famous directors Mr. Yin Li and Mr. Ding Sheng, screenwriters Giddens Ko and Hai Yan, movie stars Mr. Chen Baoguo and Mr. Huang Bo. To upgrade its production capability, the Group fully tapped its resources and talent from mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan.
In October 2014, the Group signed a letter of intent with China s first national film and television industrial park, Hengdian Chinese Film Industrial Park, to establish a film and television company there. As a platform that integrates e-commerce, film and television with mutual benefits, the new company will invest, develop, produce and distribute film and television projects. The new company will also be the training ground for film and television professionals. It will help promote film industry innovation, actively explore extensive cooperation at all levels in different aspects of the film and television industry and drive the future development of China s film and television industry.
Expanding business with support of big data and internet Looking into the future, the Group will strive to become the flagship unit of Alibaba Group s entertainment business. The Group will further grow its media business by leveraging Alibaba Group s internet expertise and resources in creation, investment, production and C2B (consumers to businesses) content product distribution.
The Group will adopt the C2B model, which focuses more on creating film and television drama series that meet audience needs. Leveraging Alibaba Group s expertise and experience in big data, cloud computing, data analysis and e-commerce platform, the Group will strengthen its analysis of audience trends in film and television drama series in order to customize compelling content for individual audience groups and for 
Through Alibaba Group s online platform and its large online user base, the Group will also strengthen the marketing and distribution of media content products. The Group will commit to building an e-commerce platform which focuses on promoting and distributing various cultural and entertainment products, meeting the needs of fans of the Group s films, television drama series and other cultural products.
Separately, the Group will integrate and coordinate Alibaba Group s existing resources, and systematically export its capabilities in adopting internet technology to business partners such as cinemas and broadcasting platforms, in order to drive the growth of China s film and television industries.
Our Board believes that with the support of the new management and their professional experience in film and television drama series production and distribution over the years, the Group will be able to continue growing its competitive strengths in film and television content creation, investment, production and distribution. The Group will enter a new phase of development, which will steadily improve its performance.

Last but not least, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders, investors, and business partners for their support and trust. I would also like to thank all staff for their hard work and contributions to the Group in the past year.

Hong Kong, March 31, 2015 
