CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”) of
Shandong Weigao Group Medical Polymer Company Limited,
I would like to present the audited consolidated results
of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2016 (the
“Year”). The Group’s results in 2016 have continued to
grow steadily, with prominent effect from the optimization
adjustment to product mix, which laid a foundation for our
future development.
During the Year, extraordinary items comprised expenses
balance of RMB294,889,000 incurred due to the
implementation of orthopaedic share award scheme
among which approximately RMB203,031,000 (2015: nil)
had affected the net profit attributable to owners of the
Company.
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING AND CLOSURE
OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
Attending and Voting in the Annual General
Meeting
In order to determine the shareholders who are entitled
to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting, the
register of members of the Company for both H Shares and
Non-listed Shares will be closed from Saturday, 13 May 2017
to Monday, 12 June 2017 (both days inclusive), during which
period no transfer of H Shares or Non-listed Shares will be
effected. In order to qualify for attending and voting in the
Annual General Meeting, Shareholders should ensure that
all transfer documents, accompanied by the relevant share
certificates, are lodged with the Company’s H Share registrar,
Tricor Standard Limited, at Level 22, Hopewell Centre, 183
Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong for registration no later than
4:30 p.m. on Friday, 12 May 2017.
In order to determine entitlement to the proposed final
dividend payment, the register of members of the Company
for both H Shares and Non-listed Shares will be closed from
Saturday, 17 June 2017 to Thursday, 22 June 2017 (both
days inclusive), during which period no transfer of H Shares
or Non-listed Shares will be effected. In order to qualify
for entitlement of the proposed final dividend, holders
of H Shares should ensure that all transfer documents,
accompanied by the relevant share certificates, are lodged
with the Company’s H Share registrar, Tricor Standard
Limited, at 22/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East,
Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m.
on Friday, 16 June 2017.
The Board proposed the distribution of a final dividend for
the year ended 31 December 2016 of RMB0.046 (2015:
RMB0.036) (before considering any tax effect) per share was
approximately RMB208,027,000 (2015: RMB162,804,000),
which will be subject to the approval of shareholders of the
Company at the forthcoming 2016 annual general meeting.
Dividend payable to holders of non-listed shares and holders
of H shares participating in the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock
Connect and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect will be
paid in Renminbi, whereas dividend payable to holders of the
H shares will be declared in Renminbi and paid in Hong Kong
dollars, the exchange rate of which will be calculated based
on the average exchange rate published by The People’s
Bank of China during the week prior to the Annual General
Meeting. Subject to the approval of the Annual General
Meeting, the 2016 final dividend will be paid on 21 July
2017.
In accordance with the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the
People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅
法》) and its implementation rules effective on 1 January
2008, where a PRC domestic enterprise distributes dividends
for financial periods beginning from 1 January 2008 to nonresident
enterprise shareholders, it is required to withhold
10% enterprise income tax for such non-resident enterprise
shareholders. Therefore, as a PRC domestic enterprise, the
Company will, after withholding 10% of the final dividend
as enterprise income tax, distribute the final dividend to nonresident
enterprise shareholders, i.e. any shareholders who
hold the Company’s shares in the name of non-individual
shareholders, including but not limited to HKSCC Nominees
Limited, other nominees, trustees, or holders of H Shares
registered in the name of other organizations and groups.
Pursuant to the PRC Individual Income Tax Law（《中華人民
共和國個人所得稅法》）, the Implementation Regulations
of the PRC Individual Income Tax Law（《中 華 人 民 共 和
國 個 人 所 得 稅 法 實 施 條 例》）, the Notice of the State
Administration of Taxation in relation to the Administrative
Measures on Preferential Treatment Entitled by Non-residents
under Tax Treaties (Tentative) (Guo Shui Fa [2009] No. 124)
（《國 家 稅 務 總 局 關 於 印 發〈非 居 民 享 受 稅 收 協 定 待 遇 管
理 辦 法（ 試 行 ）〉的 通 知》（ 國 稅 發[2009]124號 ）) (the
“Tax Treaties Notice”), other relevant laws and regulations
and other regulatory documents, the Company shall, as
a withholding agent, withhold and pay individual income
tax for the individual holders of H shares in respect of the
dividend to be distributed to them. However, the individual
holders of H shares may be entitled to certain tax preferential
treatments pursuant to the tax treaties between the PRC
and the countries (regions) in which the individual holders of
H shares are domiciled and the tax arrangements between
Mainland China, Hong Kong or Macau. For individual holders
of H shares in general, the Company will withhold and
pay individual income tax at the rate of 10% on behalf of
the individual holders of H shares in the distribution of the
dividend. However, the tax rates applicable to individual
holders of H Shares overseas may vary depending on the
tax treaties between the PRC and the countries (regions)
in which the individual holders of H shares are domiciled,
and the Company will withhold and pay individual income
tax on behalf of the individual holders of H shares in the
distribution of the dividend accordingly. 
The cash dividends for investors through Shanghai-Hong
Kong Stock Connect and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock
Connect will be paid in Renminbi. Pursuant to the Notice on
the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the ShanghaiHong
Kong Stock Connect (Caishui [2014] No.81《關於滬港
股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知（財
稅[2014]81號）》and the Notice on the Tax Policies Related
to the Pilot Program of the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock
Connect (Caishui [2016] No.127 《關於深港股票市場交易
互 聯 互 通 機 制 試 點 有 關 稅 收 政 策 的 通 知（ 財 稅[2016]127
號, for dividend received by domestic individual investors
from investing in H shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and
Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the company of such
H shares shall withhold and pay individual income tax at the
rate of 20% on behalf of the investors.
The Company will identify the country of domicile of the
individual holders of H shares according to their registered
address on the H share register of members of the Company
(the “Registered Address”). If the domicile of an individual
holders of H shares is not the same as the Registered
Address or if the individual holders of H shares would like
to apply for a refund of the additional amount of tax finally
withheld and paid, the individual holders of H shares shall
notify and provide relevant supporting documents to the
Company. Upon examination of the supporting documents
by the relevant tax authorities, the Company will follow
the guidance given by the tax authorities to implement
the relevant tax withholding provisions and arrangements.
Individual holders of H shares may either personally or
appoint a representative to attend to the procedures in
accordance with the requirements under the Tax Treaties
Notice if they do not provide the relevant supporting
documents to the Company.
The Company assumes no responsibility and disclaims all
liabilities whatsoever in relation to the tax status or tax
treatment of the individual holders of H shares and for any
claims arising from or in connection with any delay in or
inaccurate determination of the tax status or tax treatment
of the individual holders of H shares or any disputes over the
withholding mechanism or arrangements.
Shareholders are recommended to consult their tax advisors
regarding the PRC, Hong Kong and other tax implications
arising from or in connection with their holding and disposal
of the H shares of the Company.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
The Group’s various achievements as mentioned above
are attributable to the continued supports of the staff,
customers and business partners and shareholders. I would
like to take this opportunity to express my most sincere
thanks for all your contributions!
On behalf of the Board
Zhang Hua Wei
Chairman
22 March 2017