CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
In 2015, Alibaba Pictures Group Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) undertook various key operational and commercial initiatives, which let us put in place what we view as key components of the foundation for our continuous development into a vertically integrated entertainment powerhouse, with critical capabilities along the industry s value chain. While we made strides to create a platform where creativity and innovative ideas can flourish, the consumer entertainment market maintained robust growth in 2015, led by the PRC market where year-on-year box office numbers surged by approximately 48.7% to RMB44.1 billion, according to the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television.
With such momentum in the end-user market, the Group took a series of actions to expand its footprint in the industry. To achieve our vision for development and growth, we completed a new share issuance in June 2015, with net proceeds amounting to approximately HK$12.1 billion.
One important aspect towards building our franchise was business acquisition. In 2015, we completed three major transactions that strengthened our overall business profile. In June 2015, we acquired Guangdong Yueke Software Engineering Company Limited ( Yueke ), one of the largest suppliers of cinema ticketing systems in the PRC. In December 2015, we invested approximately RMB3.1 billion to acquire, from Alibaba Group Holding Limited ( AGHL ), two strategic operating assets: (i) Taobao Movie , an online movie ticketing business, and (ii) Yulebao , a C2B financing platform through which users can invest in select projects such as movies, TV shows, and variety shows. Through our M&A efforts, we are building an internet- powered integrated platform which spans financing and investment, entertainment content production, promotion and distribution, fan-based economics, and cinema service provision. Going forward, extending from the current platform, we also intend to develop more fan-based interactive functions and a business line for entertainment-related merchandise.
As part of a strategy to position our Group on a global scale, we opened an office in Los Angeles, USA in 2015. This gives us a strategic presence in Hollywood, where we are striving to build close working relationships with the studios in the U.S. One particular blockbuster project that we were able to participate in was Mission: Impossible Rogue Nation, whose worldwide box office reached US$682 million. We expect to see more collaboration opportunities with the major studios in Hollywood, as our brand continues to gain recognition through the projects in which we are involved.
In addition to Hollywood, the Group is collaborating with outstanding talents in Europe and Asia Pacific. For instance, we announced in October 2015 that we would invest in a Korean film project named REAL, starring popular Korean actor Kim Soo Hyun. The Group holds exclusive distribution rights for this film in the PRC 
Domestically, we have made steady progress in our content production business. Several key projects in the pipeline are well into production and will be released progressively. Ferryman (d!nN), a film produced by Wong Kar Wai and directed by the author of the original story Zhang Jia Jia, featuring popular film stars Tony Leung and Angelababy, is expected to be released in the second half of 2016. Ao Jiao Yu Pian Jian (P [OP ), a film adapted from a domestically popular online novel, will also be released in the second half of 2016.

Another major production, Three Lives Three Worlds Ten Miles of Peach Blossom ( Nu NNASCh), the story of which is drawn from a very popular novel in the PRC, will feature top-of-the-line visual effects and star Liu Yifei and Yang Yang. The casting for this movie was done with a novel twist, taking into account popular demand by the public. During the process of making this film, we saw various interesting fan-driven activities take place, and will closely monitor these activities to enable closer interaction with our audiences.
This project is expected to be released in 2017.
To further strengthen our capabilities and reach in content distributions, our Group entered into a strategic collaboration agreement in October 2015 with the Dadi Cinema group, which is one of the largest theatre chains in the PRC, to foster opportunities for the joint production, promotion and distribution of movies. In December 2015, we agreed to invest US$86 million to join a consortium of investors to privatize NASDAQ- listed BONA Film Group Limited ( BONA ). BONA is one of the major film studios in the PRC and has a proven track record of producing high-quality content. Along with its investment, the Company also intends to develop a strong working relationship with BONA on content productions and distributions.
We believe that the development of young talents and directors is essential to the continuous advancement of our industry. Alibaba Pictures has committed resources to Project A, which aims to nurture a new generation of promising content production talents.
Looking forward, we will continue to develop our business model and core competency on the platform that we have built so far. Critical components of our effort will involve integrating our current resources and fully tapping the resources available in the Alibaba Group s e-commerce ecosystem. For our audiences, we are working to create more variety and innovative ideas in terms of entertainment content.
Our vision cannot be realized without the hard work of our staff, the appreciation from our customers, and the support of our shareholders and business partners. Therefore, I would like to sincerely thank everyone who makes possible what we do. As the dynamics of our industry continue to evolve, the constant emergence of both opportunities and challenges accompanies our growth.

Hong Kong, March 29, 2016 
