CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
To the Shareholders, On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to present the business performance of ChinaVision Media Group Limited (the Group ) in the areas of television and film business, mobile new media, print media and television advertising business for the year ended 31st December, 2012. I am also outlining the overall business plans and future development strategies of the Group.
In 2012, the cultural industry in China has experienced high growth with significant development. In the report of the Eighteenth Chinese People s Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) held recently, the Central Government has set specific goals for the development of the cultural industry which is currently undergoing reform in order that the industry may contribute to building a culturally strong nation. These goals include making: (1) cultural industry into one of the pillars of the People s Republic of China (the PRC ) economy; (2) cultural industry an important competitive strength of the nation; and (3) brands in the cultural industry into important icons within the nation s cultural perception. With the background of favorable Central Government policies, along with the continuous growth of the PRC economy as well as peoples rising living standards, the Group is optimistic about the prospects of the cultural industry, which should also benefit all of the Group s businesses.
During the year under review, the Group celebrated the 3rd anniversary of its founding. The Group has also achieved continued success by finalising a number of significant and new projects during the year. It has established strategic partnerships with a number of domestic industry leaders, commencing in-depth collaboration across a wide scope of business.
After the completion of the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of China Entertainment Media Group Limited ( CEMG ) on 31st January, 2012, the Group has consolidated its internal resources and created a cohesive team which has resulted in the rapid growth of all of its businesses. CEMG is a fast- growing media entertainment company principally engaged in movie and television drama investment and production, satellite TV network drama production and television advertising business. Apart from the ongoing collaboration with a team of well-known directors, screenwriters, actors and actresses, such as Mr.
Ge You, Mr. Chen Bao Guo and Mr. Huang Bo, the famous movie stars; Mr. Hai Yan, Ms. Yan Ge Ling and Mr. Dong Zhe, the screenwriters; as well as Mr. Yin Li and Mr. Ding Sheng, the movie directors, CEMG has also entered into a long-term agreement with the Gansu Provincial Film and TV Broadcast Group ( Gansu TV ) to exclusively operate the television advertising and content programming segments of the Gansu Satellite Television Network and Gansu local television network. The Group has also optimised its business chain upon completion of the acquisition of CEMG and sought to enhance the synergies generated amongst its various teams and businesses in a bid to boost its core competitive advantages and further optimise its media platform. The Group has also utilised various channels to promote its program and products with the aim to becoming a large cultural media group seldom seen in the Greater China region that can produce its own quality content and operate its own extensive sales network.
In addition, the Group established a strategic partnership with Tencent Holdings Limited ( Tencent, Stock Code: 0700) at the end of 2011. This has not only reinforced the Group s capital foundation, but also enabled both parties to explore a range of channels for collaboration in order to generate greater synergies with solid progress achieved under review. The strategic partnership also enables the Group to use Tencent s promotion- related resources and sales channels to promote and launch the Group s films, television drama series, artists, new media content and mobile entertainment content. These channels include Instant Messaging QQ, web portal QQ.com, Tencent video platform, QQ game platform, social network Qzone and mobile wireless portal.
The Group believes these initiatives will consolidate its leading position in the PRC media and cultural industry.

Worth to note about the Group s major development in 2012 is that the Group has entered into agreements with Mr. Chiau Sing Chi (also known as Stephen Chow, Mr. Chiau ), renowned movie star, as well as Bingo Group Holdings Limited ( Bingo ; Stock Code: 8220) during the year under review. In September 2012, the Group signed a contract with Bingo for acquiring a 30% equity share of the motion picture Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons , directed by Mr. Chiau. At the same time, the Group has entered into a joint agreement with Mr. Chiau to invest in five movies over seven years, whereby Mr. Chiau will serve as the presenter, producer, director, screenwriter, actor or in other key positions. Subsequently on 12th October 2012, the Group has signed another cooperative framework agreement with Mr. Chiau in which both parties will set-up a joint venture company to develop a Journey to the West Film Art Centre project ( Film Art Centre ) in Wuzhen. Such strongly branded uniquely Chinese cultural Film Art Centre will not only open a new chapter in Chinese film production history, but also bring the Group s business exposure to a new height, with an ultimate goal to flourish the Group s business as well as the whole cultural industry chain.
Television and Film Business Production and distribution of television drama series Since the completion of the acquisition of CEMG, the Group has followed its motto of Building a Strong Brand; Producing Outstanding Dramas to develop its television and film business and thus gained fruitful 
Liang Jian Tie Xue Jun Hun (NR 5@B), a stunning large-scale New Year production last year, hit 0.985 audience rate which ranked first in viewership during its first broadcast day and maintained such leading position for several months during its broadcast on Zhejiang Satellite TV Channel Network. This TV program was also available over popular video websites in the PRC and has received overwhelming response.
In March 2012, Zheng Zhe Wu Di (ck!que) of the Heroic Trilogy (!que) series, an anti-Japanese drama, began broadcasting over a number of major satellite TV channels and immediately swept the top four rankings in terms of the same time-slot viewership among all television stations in the PRC. This series attracted the largest ever pool of audiences on Beijing Satellite TV over the past twelve years. In August 2012, the Group has launched a large-scale production called Qiang Shen Chuan Qi (iyPGY) about the military defense industry especially for the Eighteenth CPPCC on all TV stations across the country. Sales have been satisfactory to date and have brought an ideal revenue contribution to the Group.
In addition, another episode of the Heroic Trilogy (!que) series namely Yi Zhe Wu Di (!que) has completed shooting in October 2012 and will commence broadcasting across a number of satellite TV stations in the PRC after the first quarter of 2013. This drama series has enjoyed satisfactory sales and also received strong response before its broadcast debut extending the success of the Heroic Trilogy (!que) series. Upon its debut, the drama series is expected to generate more satisfactory sales revenue. The Heroic Trilogy series is one of the few television dramas which has both attracted a large audience and elicited the praise of the public in recent years. The television drama series highlighted mainstream values of society with content focused on patriotism and heroic deeds, successfully creating the Trilogy brand. It has received an enthusiastic response from audience since its debut.

Television and Film Business (Continued) Production and distribution of television drama series (Continued) At the same time, the Group has adopted an aggressive strategy and actively explored new development directions for drama. During the year, the Group has produced trendy contemporary TV drama series, including Ya Dian Na Nu Shen (xQZsYy) and Nu Ren Bang (sYNk), and shooting has been completed. Sales of these two drama series have been promising. These two romantic and action TV drama series have generated a satisfactory sales contribution to the Group. Cheng Shi Lian Ren (WbN), which is invested, produced and filmed by the Group, has completed shooting in September 2012. In an even more exciting development, Choi Ji Woo is to appear in the Chinese iconic drama again, nine years after her last drama series broadcast in China. This appealing TV series is planned to be broadcasted on several cable TV channels during the second half of 2013.
Investment and development of films During the year under review, the Group has actively explored opportunities to invest in films. Notably in this regard, in September 2012, the Group announced that it has entered into an agreement with Bingo for acquiring a 30% equity share of the motion picture Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons , directed by renowned star Mr. Chiau, at a consideration of RMB38,000,000. The investment gives the Group the rights to produce, market and distribute this motion picture on a worldwide basis. At the same time, the Group has entered into a joint agreement with Mr. Chiau to invest in five movies over seven years, whereby Mr.
Chiau will serve as the presenter, producer, director, screenwriter, actor or in other key positions. The Group aims to continue the theme of Journey to the West and produce a series of movies based on its scenarios.
Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons broke 23 box office records after it hit the screens of Hong Kong and Mainland China during the Spring Festival in 2013. It has bested its peers to become number one in global box office receipts for the first two consecutive weeks after it started screening, and it still ranks number one in current first-run films box office. It also set records for the fastest time for a Chinese movie to reach box office receipts of RMB100 million, RMB200 million, RMB300 million until RMB1.2 billion. As of today, its accumulated box office receipts in Mainland China has exceeded RMB1.2 billion, breaking 23 box office receipts records of Chinese movies, which made it become one of the most successful Chinese movies to top the box office for five consecutive weeks. Its success has never been a coincidence, rather it marks the beginning of the rapid development and progress of Chinese movies. Capitalising on its ability to capture the market trend and abundant resources, the Group expects the coming five movies produced in collaboration with Mr. Chiau in the coming seven years will also become huge successes with impressive box office receipts and generate promising investment returns to the Group.

Television and Film Business (Continued) Investment and development of films (Continued) Apart from this, in February subsequent to the year under review, the Group announced that it has signed a memorandum and a cooperative agreement (the Cooperative Agreement ) with the People s Government of Tongxiang City, Zhejiang Province to develop a 1,048.5 mou film art centre project in Wuzhen. Pursuant to the cooperative framework agreement signed between the Group and Mr. Chiau, the Film Art Centre project is to be developed through a joint venture company established with Mr. Chiau. Wuzhen, also known as Town of Water, is one of the six famous ancient towns in Jiangnan and has a long history of more than 1,300 years. Since its official opening in 2001, the original ancient waterside town scenery and long cultural heritage have made Wuzhen a popular tourist destination in Jiangnan. The town was designated a national 5A tourist attraction and attracts some 6,000,000 visitors annually. Wuzhen benefits from its prime geographical location in eastern China, an area with higher consumption level and strong consumer demand.
Meanwhile, the Xizha section within the Wuzhen scenic zone is still under development and has huge growth potential. The Group has decided to build the Film Art Centre in Wuzhen because of the extraordinary tourist resources there. The Journey to the West Film Art Centre will recreate the setting of the Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons, the initial film produced in collaboration with Mr. Chiau. Both parties also plan to add other related elements from the upcoming hit films created or directed by Mr. Chiau into the Film Art Centre, aiming to create an pioneer Asian film art centre and an extended Chinese cultural facility. Upon completion, the project would become a trailblazing Chinese culture-themed Film Art Centre that showcases oriental grandeur, and open a new chapter in the history of Asia s film culture. The Group expects the Film Art Centre to rival other world-class film centres elsewhere around the world in the near future.
The Group has also capitalised on the strategic partnership with Tencent in the areas of promotion-related resources and sales channels. Prompting by the Group, Tencent Video Platform (0 ;), a subsidiary of Tencent, entered into an agreement with the Group to secure the exclusive network distribution right and official website copyright of Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons . The Group hopes to leverage Tencent s immense number of subscribers and powerful and proven movie and drama operation model to boost the all-round promotion of its television and film business.
Besides Mr. Chiau, the Group has also assembled a constellation of stars including Mr. Ge You, Mr. Chen Bao Guo and Mr. Huang Bo; accomplished screenwriters such as Mr. Hai Yan, Ms. Yan Ge Ling and Mr. Dong Zhe; and renowned movie directors including Mr. Yin Li and Mr. Ding Sheng to set up television and film workshops. In addition, the film White Orange (}vXjP[), co-invested by the Group and China Film Group Corporation ( China Film ) under Yin Li s directorship, has planned to invite top Hollywood movie stars to play the roles. While the identity of the movie stars is undisclosed, such superb casting ensures the highest expectations from the market. The director workshops, the numerous movie investment projects and the Group s movie investments and production efforts during the year under review have opened a golden era for the Group s film and TV production.

Television Advertising Business After completion of the acquisition of CEMG, by signing a 10-year strategic cooperation agreement with Gansu TV, the Group acquired the exclusive right to operate television advertising and content programming segments of the Gansu Satellite TV network. The Group has conducted a complete restructuring of Gansu Satellite TV aiming at making it become the top living satellite channel in the PRC with living a better life as the slogan. A series of innovative programmes have been launched to introduce a trendy, healthy, green and intelligent lifestyle to audiences. In addition to implementing such measures as securing better advertising time slots and enhancing programme content, the Group has also produced a brand new micro film programme during the year under review, which has not only opened a new chapter among satellite TV channels in the PRC, but also generated high advertising revenue for the Group. During the year under review, the Group utilised its quality internal resources and fully integrated the development of TV network and TV program which achieved a business turnaround in this segment.
Mobile New Media Business In 2012, the number of 3G users has increased sharply due to the surging popularity of smartphones and tablets as well as the rapid growth of the national 3G network. The Group s mobile new media business has also recorded satisfactory growth. During the year, total revenue from this segment increased by more than 70% as compared with that of last year. The number of paid users rose by 5 times to over 11.86 million. With the proliferating variety of smart products penetrating the consumer market in the PRC, the Group is optimistic about the development of mobile new media business and is allocating more resources in expanding its reach and channels to tap the potential of this segment.
The Group is strengthening its collaboration with the three major mobile communications operators, namely, China Mobile, China Unicom and China Telecom, to develop the mobile TV business. Revenue from this business segment was satisfactory during the year under review, which increased by 60% when compared with the corresponding period last year and achieved a turnaround in business. The key programs covered in the Group s mobile TV business included news stories, social and legal reports, entertainment, film and television and recorded broadcasts of England Premier League ( EPL ) matches. In 2012, the Group has collaborated with the operators to roll out more than 10 television drama series, including Fan Ju Ye Feng Kuang (@_N vr), The Confidant ('Y*Yv) and War of Desire (QW0) which earned higher revenue. As a result, the Group has achieved a major breakthrough in its mobile TV business with the number of monthly subscribers via China Mobile platform jumping from 120,000 in early 2012 to more than 450,000 at the end of 2012, while the number of monthly subscribers via China Telecom platform similarly surged from 20,000 in early 2012 to 80,000.
On the other hand, the Group s mobile value-added business such as mobile digital reading, mobile music and mobile animation businesses have also made good progress, with mobile digital reading business achieving the most satisfactory growth. During the year under review, the Group cooperated with a number of telecom service providers to launch a range of wireless value-added services, offering personalised information and entertainment information services to customers through SMS, MMS and mobile news business. In the year of 2012, the Group s mobile digital reading business secured the adaptation rights to the plays Nu Ren Bang (sYNk) and Qin Ai (a) which will be available on various reading platforms in the PRC during this year.
In addition, the Group has successfully launched the digital version of Nan Ren Bang (7uNk) and Fan Ju Ye Feng Kuang (@_N vr) with an aim to offering a wider selection of quality mobile digital reading content to customers. Acquiring these rights also shows that the Group is working hard to enrich the content and improve the quality of its mobile new media business.

Print Media Business 
Riding on the Group s continuous efforts in business development and operation improvement, Beijing Times has not only grown to become a diversified media group, covering Jinghua Books (NWf), Jinghua Artistic Services (No), Jinghua TV (N;), Jinghua Advertising (NJT), Jinghua Logistics (Nir Am), Jinghua website (N}), e-business services (Q[}) and other electronic terminal products under the Jinghua brand, but also captured considerable market share in the morning newspaper market in Beijing. In May 2012, Beijing Times announced its global debut of Cloud Newspaper, which integrated traditional print media (front-port) and mobile internet (end-port) by using image recognition technology. With two ports as entrances, Internet gets alive in the newspaper. After six months of operation, the Cloud Newspaper has been widely recognized by General Administration of Press and Publication of the PRC and the readers.
Besides, the stylish business division, which was established around two years ago, has entered the fast growth track, the placement of high-end product advertisements has since maintained steady growth. With the Group s dedicated efforts to explore other marketing channels for broadening the revenue streams, Beijing Times contributed stable returns to the Group during the year under review.

In 2012, the Group s up-market women s magazine, R FIGARO, has been included in a list of the PRC s premier magazines, and has become more widely accepted by renowned international brands. In Mainland China, according to the latest CNRS readership survey findings on modern lifestyle magazines released by CVSC-TNS RESEARCH (CTR), R FIGARO ranked top eight among its peers. R FIGARO iPad edition has also unveiled a new image to readers since it went online. With innovative animation, interactive features and information on the latest trends, the iPad edition has attracted downloads from a large number of readers and has attracted the attention of many major brands. It also ranked first in the women s magazine category of App Store in April 2012 and ninth in the magazine and newspaper category in the PRC, reflecting its outstanding performance. In August 2012, the Group launched FIGARO Cloud Magazine (Rb), making it the first modern lifestyle magazine in Mainland China presenting an image via mobile devices by integrating new media and traditional print media. As such, it has created a true 360 degree omnimedia and has enjoyed an overwhelming response in the market. During the year under review, while R FIGARO has not recorded a profit, management believes that by capitalising on the brand awareness created by the Group s professional team and their dedicated efforts, the magazine is likely to achieve a business turnaround in the near future and will generate stable returns to the Group.
Other Video Operations Businesses In order to streamline operations and bolster its financial strength, the Group decided to sell the 30% equity interest in Super Sports Media Inc. as well as the rights to the mobile live, delayed and recorded broadcasts of EPL matches at a consideration of US$20 million in March 2012. The transaction was completed at the end of May 2012 and generated a profit of over HK$30 million for the Group. After the disposal, the Group continues to hold the non-exclusive broadcasting rights of EPL matches. This can help minimise the resources invested in the operation and maintenance of broadcasting EPL matches, as well as generate strong cash flow for the Group, which could further enhance its financial position and enable resources to be directed towards expanding the new media and television and film business with immense potential.

Looking to 2013, guided by the motto of Building a Strong Brand; Producing Outstanding Dramas, the Group is committed to further strengthen its existing television and film business and explore potentially yield-accretive production and investment opportunities of films and television dramas which are of excellent contents. The Group will commence collaboration with Mr. Chiau to produce the second cinema epic after Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons . In view of the tremendous success of that first movie, the Group expects this new movie to premiere in 2013, and subsequent movies to continue to bring extraordinary new experiences to audiences and earn exceptional box office receipts. At the same time, the success of the movie series of Journey to the West will boost the development of Film Art Centre project. In fact, such uniquely Chinese cultural Film Art Centre is going to integrate culture, tourism, cinema, entertainment and high technology functions. The glory of oriental civilisation is to be showcased as it ushers in a new era in the history of Asia s film culture. The Journey to the West movie series and the Journey to the West Film Art Centre will complement each other perfectly, creating a new sustainable development area merging film and television production. This, in turn, will further advance the Group s strategy to build a television and film culture industry business chain.
In addition, the Group will continue to integrate and explore upstream and downstream resources in the industry. On one hand, the Group is actively and effectively adjusting between different business divisions including the television and film business, mobile new media business, print media business and television advertising business, in order to make some of the businesses more profitable and further strengthen the well-performed businesses to grow steadily. The Group also strives to realise synergies through integrating internal resources and further promote the collaboration among the teams. On the other hand, the Group will actively introduce both capital and strategic partners in order to expand the culture industry business chain and at the same time provide a wider development platform and stronger support base. Looking ahead in 2013, the Group will further enhance its core competencies in the industry, by formulating and executing clear business strategies, leveraging its capital strength, continuing to implement a standardised operation model and following an advanced management philosophy. Meanwhile, the Group will also adhere to the motto of Leading future development through cultural creativity and strive to develop into an influential international cultural group which aims to bring high returns for shareholders over the long term.

On 31st January, 2012, the Company acquired the entire issued share capital of China Entertainment Media Group Limited ( CEMG ) for a total consideration of approximately HK$2,016,300,000 which was satisfied by the issuance of 5,040,750,000 new ordinary shares of the Company. Upon completion of the acquisition, the shareholders of CEMG received 5,040,750,000 ordinary shares of the Company, representing 70.8% of its enlarged issued share capital and thereby held the largest portion of the voting rights of the Company.
Under Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standard 3 (Revised) Business Combinations, this acquisition has been accounted for as a reverse acquisition. For accounting purposes, CEMG is the accounting acquirer and the Company (as the accounting acquiree) is deemed to have been acquired by CEMG. As a result, the eleven months (1st February, 2012 to 31st December, 2012) financial results of the Company and its subsidiaries were consolidated into the financial statements of the acquirer for the year ended 31st December, 2012. All comparative figures have been restated (applying CEMG s 2011 figures as comparative figures) to conform to the accounting treatment as a reverse acquisition.

FINANCIAL RESULTS (Continued) Major Corporate Development The acquisition of the entire issued share capital of CEMG announced on 21st October, 2011 at a consideration of approximately HK$2,016,300,000 was completed on 31st January, 2012. CEMG is a fast growing media entertainment company principally engaged in three major business segments: movies, television drama series and television advertising. Subsequent to the completion of the transaction, two media groups have been collaborating to produce and distribute more television drama series, and promote these dramas through diversified delivery platforms such as print media and mobile new media where the Group has strong competitive advantages. Although the acquisition was only completed in late January 2012, the consolidation of the two groups has proceeded smoothly.

The Board did not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31st December, 2012 (2011: Nil). Capital will be reserved for the expansion of the Group s business and to capture the investment opportunities arising from the tremendous growth in the cultural industry in China. The Board may consider to distribute dividend in the next financial year, depending on the Group s business performance and the 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Review of Operations During the year ended 31st December, 2012, the Group was primarily engaged in two types of businesses, namely, (i) media-related businesses; and (ii) securities trading and investments. The media related businesses principally included: planning, production, publication, investment, distribution and licensing of television drama and films and organising cultural and artistic exchange activities, mobile value-added services, mobile games business, mobile TV business, sales and distribution of newspapers and magazines, advertising sales and TV programme packaging services. An overwhelming majority of these businesses were conducted in the People s Republic of China (the PRC ).
Media Related Businesses For the year ended 31st December, 2012, film, television program and television drama series production, distribution and licensing businesses brought the Group a revenue of HK$415,936,000 (2011: HK$46,757,000) with a segment profit of HK$162,277,000 (2011: loss of HK$30,783,000). The substantial growth was principally attributable to the notable growth in revenue from producing and distributing various television drama series, which surged to HK$378,039,000 (2011: HK$46,757,000), accounting for more than 37% of the Group s total turnover.

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (Continued) Media Related Businesses (Continued) After the Group acquired CEMG, resource allocation was optimised to create synergies. The move enhanced the Group s core competitiveness significantly, creating new momentum for its long-term development in the cultural industry. During the year under review, the Group launched a number of new films and television drama series, including Zheng Zhe Wu Di (ck!que) of the Heroic Trilogy series (!que|R), Liang Jian Tie Xue Jun Hun (NR 5@B), Qiang Shen Chuan Qi (iyPGY). These productions were well rapidly becoming popular at major television stations in the PRC, which boosted the sales and gross profit, and generated good returns for the Group.
During a difficult year, the Group managed to boost the advertising sales of the TV networks business, which brought a revenue of HK$287,134,000 (2011: HK$241,596,000) with a segment profit of HK$25,930,000 (2011: profit of HK$5,790,000) for the year ended 31st December, 2012.
During the year, the Group actively resumed its SMS value-added business, which generated stable income for the Group. For the year ended 31st December, 2012, its net income amounted to HK$13,449,000 with segment profit of HK$7,144,000. This arm mainly refers to the provision of personalised information and entertainment services to mobile handset users in the PRC via the internet and other modern telecom technologies such as SMS, MMS, WAP, interactive voice response and the like.
For the year ended 31st December, 2012, the Mobile TV subscription business has been developing well during the year and generated a net income of HK$14,442,000 (after the 49% share of results), with a segment profit of HK$7,591,000. The increasing popularity of 3G technology in the local mobile internet market in tandem with the favourable polices launched by the Central Government strongly indicate that the number of 3G users will surge, so the Group is optimistic about the prospects of the emerging mobile internet 
The newspaper advertising and newspaper distribution businesses generated stable revenue and profit for the Group during the year. For the year ended 31st December, 2012, its revenue and segment profit amounted to HK$204,141,000, after the 50% share of results, and HK$23,591,000 respectively. The revenue of this segment was mainly from the advertising placement from Beijing Times, as well as the diversified portals associated with the brand name of Jinghua .
In addition, the high-end women s magazine R FIGARO started to deliver a stable income after its successful launch in mid-August 2011. During the year under review, it recorded a revenue of HK$38,424,000 and segment loss of HK$21,291,000. The Group expects the magazine to deliver stronger returns in the future by close collaboration with diverse strategic partners and through media resource platforms within the 
Securities Trading and Investments For the year ended 31st December, 2012, the Group s securities trading and investment recorded a segment profit of HK$29,126,000, mainly due to profit from change in fair value of investments held for trading and realised profits from certain securities.

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (Continued) 
For the year ended 31st December, 2012, revenues and segment profit from other segments including distribution of magazines and newspapers apart from Beijing Times and R FIGARO, sales of bottled water, mobile games subscription, TV programme packaging services income and others in the PRC amounted to HK$42,960,000 and HK$984,000 respectively.
To streamline the Group s operations and reallocate more resources to its core businesses which bring stable returns, the Group disposed of its 30% equity interest in its associated company, Super Sports Media Inc.
( Super Sports ), and the rights to the mobile live, delayed and recorded broadcasts of English Premier League ( EPL ) matches to an independent third party in March 2012 for a total consideration of US$20,000,000.
This transaction was completed in late May 2012 and a profit of HK$30,034,000 was recognised in the consolidated income statement during the year. The disposal generated strong cash in-flow for the Group, which further enhanced its financial strength and enabled resources to be directed towards expanding the new media, television and film business where there is immense potential. Upon the disposal, the Group has still retained the non-exclusive mobile broadcasting rights of EPL matches.
In September 2012, the Group entered into an agreement with Bingo Group Holdings Limited ( Bingo , Stock code: 8220) to acquire 30% equity interest in a movie Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons with the production, promotion and distribution rights around the world for a consideration of RMB38,000,000.
Directed by renowned star Chiau Sing Chi (also known as Stephen Chow, Mr. Chiau ), the movie hit the screen during the Spring Festival of 2013 and is expected to generate a promising return on this investment.
The Group also signed a cooperative agreement with Mr. Chiau to invest in and produce five movies during the next seven years, under which Mr. Chiau is to serve as the presenter, producer, director, screenwriter, or actor or in other key positions. The Group expects that each movie would mark a new milestone in the PRC film industry. The Group later signed a cooperative framework agreement ( Framework Agreement ) with Mr.
Chiau in October 2012 to establish a joint venture ( JV ) to jointly develop a Journey to the West film art centre (the Film Art Centre ). According to the Framework Agreement, the Group owns a 75% interests in the JV, while Mr. Chiau owns a 25% share in it.
To develop the Film Art Centre, the Group signed a memorandum of understanding and a cooperative agreement with the People s Government of Tongxiang City, Zhejiang in February 2013 (the Agreement ) to build the Film Art Centre on a parcel of land covering approximately 1,048.5 mu in Wuzhen. According to the Agreement, the Group plans to acquire the land use rights of the parcel with a total area of approximately 691.4 mu (one mu is equal to around 666 square meters) by stages and rent the remaining land area of 357.1 mu for the development of the Film Art Centre. On top of recreating the settings from Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons , the first movie co-produced with Mr. Chiau, both parties plan to add other related elements from the upcoming hits created or directed by Mr. Chiau into this Film Art Centre, with the aim to developing a film art centre integrating culture, tourism, filming, entertainment and high technology functions embracing Chinese culture.

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (Continued) Operating and Other Expenses For the year ended 31st December, 2012, distribution and selling expenses and other administrative expenses increased from HK$13,291,000 and HK$45,857,000 in the previous year to HK$132,167,000 and HK$168,696,000 respectively. The increases were primarily due to the consolidation of the eleven months expenses of the Company s various businesses.
For the years ended 31st December, 2012 and 2011, share-based payment expenses mainly represented the share options granted by the Company to the employees, directors and consultants in 2010 and an one-off share-based payment expenses in 2011 related to an incentive for certain individuals to join CEMG.
Finance costs increased from HK$4,119,000 to HK$26,368,000 for the year ended 31st December, 2012, which was due to the effective interest expense on convertible notes.
The Group s share of loss of an associate of HK$1,069,000 for the year ended 31st December, 2012 was from Super Sports, which was subsequently disposed of on 29th March, 2012.

Liquidity, Financial Resources and Capital Structure The Group s capital expenditure, daily operations and investments are mainly funded by cash generated from its operations, loans from principal bankers and financial institutions and equity financing. As at 31st December, 2012, the Group maintained cash reserves of HK$192,838,000 (2011: HK$59,212,000). As at 31st December, 2012, the equity attributable to owners of the Company amounting to HK$1,316,740,000 (2011: HK$162,011,000) with total borrowings of HK$354,313,000 (2011: nil). As at 31st December, 2012, the Group s gearing ratio (net borrowings including convertible notes over total equity) was 12% (2011: nil).
On 31st January, 2012, the Company issued 5,040,750,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.25 each as the total consideration in exchange of the entire equity interest of CEMG.
Pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into on 21st October, 2011, the Company allotted and issued 619,400,000 new shares of the Company at the subscription price of HK$0.40 per share to THL F Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tencent Holdings Limited. The proceeds of HK$247,760,000 from the subscription were used to improve the financial strength and flexibility and the subsequent development and general working capital of the Group. The subscription was completed on 31st January, 2012.
Foreign Exchange Fluctuation The Group s operations are mainly located in the PRC and its transactions, related working capital and borrowings are primarily denominated in Renminbi and Hong Kong Dollars. The Group monitors its foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant currency exposure should the need arise.

FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Charges on Assets As at 31st December, 2012, the entire issued share capital of a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group was pledged as a share charge for the convertible note with the principal amount of HK$350,000,000 issued by the Company on 3rd June, 2010 (2011: nil).

As at 31st December, 2012, the Group had no material contingent liabilities (2011: nil).
EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES As at 31st December, 2012, the Group, including its subsidiaries and jointly control entities but excluding its associates, employed approximately 1,700 (2011: approximately 120) employees. The remuneration policies of the Group are based on the prevailing market levels and the performance of the respective group companies and individual employees. These policies are reviewed on a regular basis.

During the year, the Group constantly reviewed the risk and credit control systems of its profit centres to improve the overall control system and mitigate the credit risk.

Hong Kong, 27th March, 2013 
