President s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ), I am pleased to present to all shareholders the results of Shanghai Allied Cement Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31st December, 2006.

The Group s 2006 results showed marked recovery, mainly because the operations of its subsidiaries returned to normal.
Both production and sales of its products demonstrated evident growth as compared to the previous year, and selling prices increased. The Group has passed its hardest time and is well positioned to enter into a new growth period. The Group is delighted at such achievement. However, the management should bear in mind that over-supply condition in cement market will continue to exist.
The Group s turnover from continuing operations for 2006 amounted to HK$384,931,000, representing an increase of 11% as compared to the previous year. Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was HK$387,000 as compared to the loss of HK$35,233,000 in the previous year.

The Board resolved not to recommend any final dividend for the year ended 31st December, 2006 (2005: nil).

According to the China Building Materials News, in 2006, the cement production in Mainland China reached 1.24 billion tonnes, representing a 17% year-on-year increase and a 7.7 percentage point rise in growth rate as compared to the year before . In early 2007, 60 cement enterprises were listed jointly by the State Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Land and Resources and the People s Bank of China to obtain special supports, and the Group is luckily one of them.
The initiative from the government aims at supporting a number of large-scale, technologically advanced and well managed cement enterprises to merge, acquire and transform those outdated cement enterprises, and in the meantime offering the former with preferential treatment in financing, land approval and project initiation, so as to boost the nation s cement industry to develop in a healthy and orderly way.
On the other hand, the nation s emphasis on recycling economy presents both challenge and opportunity to cement enterprises.
It is a challenge because the cement industry is an energy- consuming industry that consumes large quantity of resources.
Cement enterprises that fail to advance with times will face some limitations and obstacles. However, the cement industry is also a waste-recycling industry where, in the production of cement, industry scraps can be used to substitute some of the raw materials and city wastes and factory scraps can be used to substitute some of the fuels. Therefore, it is also an opportunity for cement enterprises as they may hopefully play an important role in the government s development strategy.
The new macro-economic adjustments, in particular the land appreciation tax assessment that came into effect on 1st February, 2007, may cast uncertainties on the real estate industry. We shall make a careful assessment on what adverse effect this may cause to us so as to place the Group in a favourable position in the changing environment.

We would like to extend our sincere thanks to all sectors of the society, our customers, shareholders and staff for their understanding and support.
Ng Qing Hai 
Hong Kong, 22nd March, 2007 