Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of First Natural Foods Holdings Limited (the “Company”), I am
pleased to present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) for the year
ended 31 December 2007.
In the past year, the unprecedented of environmental and technical ramparts from the United States, European
Union and Japan towards the PRC’s products export, worse still the recalls from overseas authorities on
Chinese-made products. Consumers have raised an ever-increasing concern on food safety. The State
Administration for Inspection and Quarantine of the PRC has stepping up the inspection measures and
inevitably affected the standards of food processors. Leveraging on a wealth of experience in frozen natural
food processing industry, the Group also regularly exchanged technical updated on the food safety with major
customers in their market. As a result, the Group not only benefi ted the control in higher standard of techniques
but also achieved remarkable results during the year.
SUMMARY OF RESULTS
For the year ended 31 December 2007, turnover of the Group was approximately RMB739,484,000 (2006:
approximately RMB545,739,000), representing an increase of approximately 36% as compared to last year.
The Group’s profi t attributable to shareholders for the year was approximately RMB131,035,000 (2006:
approximately RMB138,006,000), representing a slightly drop of approximately 5% year-on-year. The basic
earnings per share was approximately RMB0.126 (2006: approximately RMB0.148).
DIVIDENDS
The Board resolved to recommend a fi nal dividend of HK$0.040 per share (approximately equivalent to
RMB0.036) (2006: HK$0.045 (approximately equivalent to RMB0.044 per share) for the year ended 31
December 2007. The dividend payout ratio for 2007 was approximately 32% (2006: approximately 32%).
BUSINESS REVIEW
The Group’s businesses were in steady growth during the year. In line with the Group’s development, the brand
new integrated processing workshop in Fuqing has commenced its production during the year. The Group
installed two new automated food processing production lines and upgraded the fundamental facilities so as to
pave the way to expand our market share. During the year, the Group recorded a satisfactory sales turnover. It
resulted from the customers’ trustworthiness and better recognition towards the Group’s novelty products such
as sea-eel products, South Pole algae and North Pacifi c squid series.
Focusing on product quality and safety, the Group was not only accredited as the excellence on exporting of
agricultural product processing industry in the PRC, but was also accredited with “Grade A Exporter”, issued by
Fujian Entry-exit Inspection and Quarantine Bureau of the PRC. It represented the Group’s products are subject
to minimal sampling sizes and reducing its inspection costs.
During the year under review, the Group strived to tap into the promising PRC market and opened two “UBI”
retail shops in Shanghai. The Group is satisfi ed with the success brand image building among the mid-to-high
end customer base. In respect of sales and marketing, the Group is devoted to diversify the customer base and
enlarge its market coverage. For examples, certain types of the Group’s tuna fi sh products were accredited the
Kosher Certifi cation in earlier 2007 and delivered to North American market, the Group’s fl ying fi sh roes entered
into the Russian successfully through the cultural exchange events.
The “Labor Contract Law” revised the protection of labor rights and welfare in Mainland China. However, the
policy does not signifi cantly affected the Group. In this respect, the Group premeditated the effect of changes
of labor forces to the infl uence of its operation, therefore a professional human resources consultant was hired
to tailor-made appropriate measures on its labor policy, environmental and safety regulations. The Group has
adhered to the regulations on management to secure low labor turnover and control cost of labor effectively.
PROSPECTS
In 2008, the Group plans to expedite the pace of business development and devotes the efforts to expand the
PRC’s sales network. The Group will continue to apply speciality food retail model and launch more “UBI” retail
shops to secure a higher market share. The Group also continuously enhances the brand promotion to facilitate
“UBI” to become one of the most popular food brand in the PRC. Furthermore, the Group procures the food
distributors or wholesalers to expand the channels in the market.
The Group’s brand new integrated processing workshop in Fuqing has commenced its production since 2007.
The undeveloped land at the existing plant premises will soon be utilized. It is expected that the supply of
organic rice from the Group’s leased organic rice crop base will start in April 2008 in order to guarantee the
growing production demands of convenient rice products. More high-temperature seasoned convenient food
production lines will also be rolled out in the fi rst half year, therefore, it will further be strengthening the Group’s
strong market position.
During the year, the Group kept communication with institutional investors in the ways of organizing the plant
visit, one-on-one meeting with the executives and participating the roadshow events. These activities are not
only enhancing the Groups’ transparency to the investors but also enabling the Group to receive valuable
opinions from investors. It positively drives a common long-term interest with our shareholders.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my heartfelt thanks to the Board, all our customers, suppliers,
business partners and shareholders for their continued support for the Group. I also wish to express my sincere
gratitude to all our staff of the Group for their contribution.
By Order of the Board
Yeung Chung Lung
Chairman
Hong Kong, 22 April 2008