CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the ‘‘Board’’ or the ‘‘Directors’’) of First Natural Foods Holdings
Limited (the ‘‘Company’’), I am pleased to present the annual results of the Company and its
subsidiaries (collectively the ‘‘Group’’) for the year ended 31 December 2005.
For the year ended 31 December 2005, the Group recorded a turnover of RMB432,652,000 (2004:
RMB434,122,000 (restated)), representing a slight drop of approximately 0.3% when compared to
2004. Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to RMB113,461,000 (2004: RMB119,853,000
(restated)), a decrease of approximately 5.3% from the previous year. Basic earnings per share was
RMB0.124 (2004: RMB0.133 (restated)). The Board does recommend the payment of a final dividend
of HK$0.015 per share (equivalent to approximately RMB0.0156), resulting in a dividend payout ratio
of 12.7%.
In the second half of 2005, a harmful substance ‘‘Malachite Green’’ found in the PRC-exported eel
products inevitably affected nearly all food producers and processors in the PRC. Though the Group
was being affected by the prohibition of eel products promulgated by the mainland authorities in this
incident, such harmful substance was not being found in the Group’s roasted eel products and
thereby its export has been fully resumed afterwards. Without saying, the ‘‘Malachite Green’’ incident
was a ‘‘crisis’’ to the market, however, the Group had overcome this challenge in reliance on its longestablished
research and development (R&D) capability to enhance inspection facilities and monitor
food safety. As a result, the Group is able to turn crisis into its own opportunities. The Group has
further consolidated its market position since the unqualified food processors have been gradually
eliminated from the market after this incident. For the sake of higher food safety standard, the Group
has established a natural sea-water eel cultivation base equipped together with intensified inspection
facilities to raise the inspection level. These arrangements enable the Group’s products to meet the
increasingly stringent inspection processes and standards imposed by different markets (in particular
Japan and the US).
Over the years, the enhancement of R&D capability has always been the top priority of the Group. For
this purpose, the Group has established an integrated R&D centre in early 2004 and continued to
allocate resources to enhance its inspection facilities. Since then, it has allowed the Group to develop
a variety of higher-quality and safety food products (including room-temperature stored convenient
rice series products) by using these highly-effective inspection facilities. Convenient rice meal packs
will become one of the Group’s popular products, and the management also expects that this new
product line will become a new driving force in the future. Modern people are living with a fast-pace
life and they demand of high-quality convenient food products is increasing. In view of this, the Group
has specifically leveraged on its modernized techniques to produce a series of convenient rice meal
packs and even develop other conceivable food products. In respect of the convenient rice meal
packs production, the Group has allocated abundant resources ranging from the choice of rice
species to the improvement of rice-drying techniques, in order to enhance the product quality and
reduce the costs effectively.
On the other hand, in line with its long-term business development, the Group has entered into an
Information Service Agreement with Interface Protein Technology, Inc. USA to obtain the latest
information of international food processing and market demand, which benefits the Group to
enhance its market competitiveness in terms of enriching its product structures and diversity. Having
our enthusiasm on food processing industry and proactive business approach, the Group is set to
scale new heights of development in the coming years.
Appreciation
The valuable achievements in 2005 were attributable to the dedicated efforts and invaluable
contributions of the directors, management and all our staff, and I take this opportunity to extend my
sincere gratitude to all of them. Also, I would like to express my heartfelt appreciation to all
shareholders, investors, customers, business partners and suppliers for their unwavering support and
confidence in the Group over the years. I will strive to lead the management and all our staff to
spearhead the Group’s future business growth, so as to bring more promising returns to our
shareholders.
Yeung Chung Lung
Chairman
Hong Kong, 25 April 2006