On behalf of the Board of Directors ("Directors") of First Natural Foods Holdings Limited (the
"Company") together with its subsidiaries, (collectively the "Group"), I am delighted to announce
that our Group was successfully listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (the "Stock Exchange") on 11 February 2002, raising net proceeds of approximately
HK$130,000,000. I would like to take this opportunity to present the first annual results of the
Group for the year ended 31 December 2001.
2001 was a year of rapid growth for the Group. With quality products and highly competitive
prices, the Group successfully tapped into the market of frozen marine foods and functional
foods with rapid business growth. As at 31 December 2001, the Group recorded a strong growth of
approximately 128% in turnover and 107% in profit attributable to shareholders respectively as
compared to 2000.
Benefiting from growing health concerns around the world, market demand for natural foods and
functional foods continues to surge. According to the National Nutrition Foods Association in the
U.S. the nutritional food industry is expected to grow at an annual rate of over 6% from 2001 to
2005. In the PRC, annual sales of functional foods already reached RMB50 billion in year 2000.
Japan continues to be the largest fish and seafood importer in the world. As consumer taste
changes, demand for quality, tasty and nutritionally rich but low cost frozen marine products
increases, escalating demand surging dramatically since it first reached the market in 1998.
Forseeing the market potential, we are confident that the demand for quality frozen marine
foods will keep increasing, facilitating the Group's continued expansion in the global market.
Situated at Fuqing, Fujian province with its rich natural resources, the Group enjoys an endless
supply of fresh, low cost and quality raw materials for its frozen processed foods. In additional to
our large-scale production base, advanced facilities and self-developed processing technology,
the Group has adopted a production model which enables the Group to benefit from economies of
scale, producing quality and cheap natural frozen foods that are well received in the market.
Looking ahead, we are fully dedicated to achieving our goal - to deliver top quality processed
natural foods with an emphasis on nutrition, freshness and health for global customers. We will
continue to pursue meeting customers' needs, develop quality new products, strengthen "Longyu"
brand awareness and enhance competitiveness of the Group to further expand markets in China
and overseas. First Natural
Foods aims to become the
world's largest natural and
healthy foods processor and
exporter for frozen
shellfish.
Lastly, on behalf of the
Board of Directors, I would
like to thank my fellow
management and staff for
their hard work during the
past year, as well as to our
customers, business
partners and shareholders
for their support.
Yeung Chung Lung
Chairman
Hong Kong 22 April 2002
