Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to present the 2016 annual report of China Shenhua and to report to all
shareholders on the Company’s performance for the period.
In 2016, the national economy has been steady amidst slowdown trend and improved smoothly. The supplyside
reform of the coal industry was proactively promoted and preliminary outcome was seen in the progress
of resolving excess production capacities. Affected by dual influence of market and policy on adjusting
production volume, there was improvement in the severe imbalance between the demand for and supply
of coal while the market price has considerably rebounded, resulting in a better operating situation of coal
enterprises. The power consumption of the whole society grew at a faster pace as compared with the
previous year, however, thermal power enterprises were under increasing pressure in their operations due to
the relative overcapacity of thermal power supply and rising cost of power generation.
Facing fluctuating market trend, based on the clean energy development strategy, the staff at all levels of
China Shenhua have worked together to spare no efforts in structural optimisation, market expansion and
cost control, thereby achieving good operating results. In 2016, the Company recorded operating revenue of
RMB183,127 million, profit for the year of RMB31,970 million, profit for the year attributable to equity holders
of the Company of RMB24,910 million and basic earnings per share of RMB1.252, representing a year-on-year
increase of 3.4%, 28.1%, 41.1% and 41.1%, respectively.
As at 31 December 2016, the total market capitalisation of China Shenhua reached US$44.9 billion, ranking the
first among all listed coal companies worldwide and the fourth among all listed integrated mining companies
globally. It was also awarded the CCTV Top 10 Listed Companies in China for 2016 (2016 CCTV 中國十佳上市
公司). International credit rating agencies, including Moody’s and Fitch, maintained the sovereign rating of the
international credit rating of China Shenhua.
2016: SEIZING MARKET OPPORTUNITIES, OPTIMISING OPERATION UNITS AND
CREATING FAVORABLE OPERATING RESULTS
Promoting clean energy development strategy proactively and developing new characteristics of
business structure
The Company strived to achieve clean production, clean transformation and clean utilisation of coal with
efforts in promoting the clean development of conventional energy. It continued to adjust industrial layout and
develop new characteristics of the business structure according to market changes. In accordance with the
International Financial Reporting Standards, before elimination on consolidation, the Company realised a profit
from operations of RMB17,017 million from the coal business, RMB17,568 million from the transportation
business and RMB11,689 million from the power business for the year, representing 36%, 38% and 25% of
the total profit from operations, respectively. The effective operation of the three business segments improves
the overall competitiveness and adaptability of the Company to changes of market trend.
Optimising the operation, exploring markets, and achieving integrated and efficient operation
Coal segment: The Company arranged production in a reasonable manner in accordance with the industry
policy and the changes in relationship between supply and demand in the markets. It organized its production
orderly in compliance with laws and regulations in response to the changes in policies on production capacities.
The production volume of commercial coal reached 289.8 million tonnes for the year, representing a year-onyear
increase of 3.2%.
The Company seized the opportunities brought by changes in coal market, timely adjusted the price and
strategy of coal sale and strengthened the expansion of new markets including “the movement towards the
shipping route from the northern sea to the Yangtze River” and transit bases, in order to elevate the market
shares. It focused on raising the sales volume of the seaborne coal with the highest unit gross profit margin
and enhanced the organisation of coal procured externally, in turn maximising the sales efficiency. The sales
volume of coal reached 394.9 million for the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.6%, of which
seaborne coal reached 226.4 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 11.1%.
Power segment: The Company continued to strengthen the management of the reliability of the power
generators and strived for a higher amount of power generation to ensure the stability of the power business.
The gross power generation reached 236.04 billion kWh while the total power output dispatch reached 220.57
billion kWh, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.5% and 4.8%, respectively.
Against the backdrop of overall slowdown in the national thermal power market, the Company actively
addressed to the power market reform, established regional power output dispatch companies and actively
participated in the market competition of direct power purchase by large power users to maintain its market
share. The average utilisation hours of coal-fired power generators were 4,428 hours, surpassing the national
average utilisation hours of thermal power generators by 263 hours.
Transportation segment: The Company proactively addressed to the fluctuation of the coal market, allocated
the transportation resources in a scientific manner, and enhanced the management over the integration
between the upstream and downstream industries, so as to improve service quality and ensure the efficient
synergy of the integration.
Coal chemical segment: The Company continued to optimise the production plan, heighten the production
efficiency and actively develop sales channels in order to achieve the operational stability. The sales volume of
coal-to-olefins products reached 574.7 thousand tonnes for the year.
Promoting “macroscopic logistics” and proactively achieving new profit growth areas
The Company proactively developed transportation resources. On the basis of delivering a sound performance
in the transportation of its own coal, it progressively opened transportation capacity to the public by utilising
the transportation network comprising Bazhun Railway and Zhunchi Railway, thereby opening up a new phase
of the transition of its transportation system from railways designated for coal transportation towards the
“macroscopic logistics” permeating Shenhua.
The Company increased the number of trains with the capacity of 10,000 tonnes, effectively increased turnover
of trains and enhanced the coal transportation efficiency, which significantly increased the transportation
capacity of railways and the volume of seaborne coal at its own ports. It established long-term strategic
partnership with major customers through efficient and convenient transportation services, thus excess
transportation capacities were fully utilised. The Company’s own railways had a freight turnover of 244.6
billion tonne km, whilst the seaborne coal volume at the Company’s own ports reached 201.3 million tonnes,
representing a year-on-year increase of 22.2% and 27.0%, respectively. The coal shipping volume at Huanghua
Port increased significantly, being the largest port for seaborne coal volume domestically for the first time.
The Company positively carried out “macroscopic logistics” transportation business in a long-distance and
pendulum manner and took the initiative to expand the scale of transportation of non-coal materials and reverse
transportation in order to improve the profitability of the transportation segment. The transportation services of
the railway segment provided to third parties generated revenue of 4,174 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 22.0%.
Strengthening technological innovation and promoting clean development
The Company continued to promote the “ultra-low emission” renovation of coal-fired generating units and was
the first among power companies to complete the “ultra-low emission” renovation for all coal-fired generating
units in Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei and Anhui areas, leading the clean coal power generation development in China.
The “ultra-low emission” renovation of 16,460MW coal-fired generating units was completed, and the total
installed capacity of coal-fired generating units with “ultra-low emission” technology reached 36,770MW,
accounting for 67.6% of the total installed capacity of all coal-fired power generating units of the Company.
The emission performance for soot, sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxides of thermal power generators for the
year were 0.021g/kWh, 0.096g/kWh and 0.16g/kWh respectively, which signified the encouraging result of the
prevention and control on air pollution. As of the end of the year, 48 “ultra-low emission” coal-fired generating
units were supported by policies including tariff subsidies, which facilitated profit realisation of the power
business of the Company under the market slowdown.
The Company accelerated the promotion of the establishment of digital mines and ecological construction and
explored green and efficient production methods of coal. The “Key Technology and Demonstration Project on
Intelligent Coal Mine Construction launched” was awarded the Second-Class Prize of the National Science and
Technology Progress Award. The National Key Laboratory of “Water Resources Preservation and Utilisation
in Coal Mining” was officially launched and a research and development system for clean coal was gradually
formed, which support the sustainable clean development of the coal business of the Company.
Implementing refined management and achieving outstanding performance in cost control
The strict implementation of a budget control system and quarterly assessment of cost and profit indicators
resulted in a significant effect in controlling costs of principal business segments. The unit production cost of
self-produced coal for the year amounted to RMB109.6/tonne, representing a year-on-year decrease of 11.0%,
which was better than that predicted at the beginning of the year.
The Company continued to optimise capital and debt structure, exercise effective management over
accounts and notes receivable. By conducting specific investigations on current accounts and assets as well
as controlling finance cost effectively with refined management, the capital risk was reduced. It vigorously
promoted the structural reform and optimisation of material management and proactively promoted the
communal storage and usage of materials of coal, power and transportation businesses in order to control the
increase in the inventory, striving to make materials management a “third profit source”.
Proactively fulfilling social responsibility and achieving safe and green development
The Company practically promoted the construction of risk prevention and safety control system, made more
efforts in safety control and inspection, and strengthened the implementation of accountability for safety
management, thereby elevating the level of production safety. The fatality rate per million tonne of coal output
of coal mines was zero in 2016, for which China Shenhua maintained a world-leading level in respect of safety
production in the industry.
By setting up a comprehensive on-line monitoring platform, strengthening the equipment upgrade and
renovation continuously and devoting more efforts to checks and rectification of hidden safety hazards, the
level of energy conservation and environmental protection of the Company was effectively raised. In 2016, the
Company invested a total amount of RMB2.605 billion in energy conservation and environmental protection
projects, which were mainly used in environmental protection projects such as removal of sulphur oxides,
nitrogen oxides and dust and energy conservation projects such as boiler improvement.
The reduction of carbon emission was actively promoted and Company-wide investigations and examination of
carbon were completed. The filings of voluntary emission reduction projects were systematically carried out for
the year, which laid a solid foundation to cope with the changes in policies on carbon emissions reduction and
carbon transactions.
For more information about our social responsibility efforts, please refer to the “2016 Corporate Social
Responsibility Report” of the Group.
2017: OPTIMISING OPERATION AND ORGANISATION, IMPROVING QUALITY WHILE
ENHANCING EFFICIENCY COMPREHENSIVELY AND ACCELERATING THE PROMOTION
OF CLEAN AND EFFICIENT DEVELOPMENT
In 2017, it is expected that the global economy will be unstable with increasing uncertainties and slow
recovery. The organic growth of the domestic economy will still require reinforcement. The PRC government
will adhere to the general principle of making progress while ensuring stability. With the key target of
promoting the supply-side reform, it will properly expand the overall demand to facilitate stable and healthy
development of the economy. The government will endeavour to resolve excess production capacities of
coal and safeguard the dynamic balance between demand and supply of coal by eliminating the outdated
production capacities, adjusting the production volume and taking other measures in response to changes in
market demand. The coal price for the year will be subject to volatility based on the contract coal price. The
trend of relatively excess supply of thermal power will continue and power generation costs will rise, the
competition among power generation enterprises will increase.
China Shenhua will firmly adopt the clean energy development strategy as the leading strategy to further
leverage core competitiveness of the integrated operation, enhance the coordination and organisation of coal
production, transportation and marketing, strictly control the increase in costs and endeavour to achieve the
operating targets. Key emphasis will be placed on the following aspects:
Coordinating the production, transportation and marketing to further improving the operational
efficiency. Firstly, the Company will proactively implement the policy of excess capacity elimination, optimise
the production units and raise the production volume of the type of coal with good quality and high economic
efficiency based on the relationship between supply and demand. It will strive to secure the fulfilment of
contract coal based on the market environment, support the relative stability of coal price, endeavour to
raise the sales volume of seaborne coal with the greatest cost-efficiency and increase its efforts to promote
e-commerce sale, in a bid to increase the market share and ensure the sales revenue. Secondly, on the basis
of strengthening the refined management of power plants, the Company will actively promote the business of
direct power purchase by large internal and external power users and keep promoting the establishment of a
marketing system which is in line with the market practice, which strive to raise power output dispatch volume
and the higher average level of utilisation hours of generators than those of the same type of generators
in the same regions. Thirdly, on the basis of maintaining the cooperation with the existing key customers
in macroscopic logistics business. The Company will seek potential quality customers featured by reverse
transportation, bulk cargoes, long distance and mass transportation volume to further improve its economic
benefits.
Accelerating the implementation of clean energy development strategy. Firstly, the Company will
continue to increase its efforts in coal quality management, endeavour to develop clean coal products and
expand the regions by where clean coal will be replaced. It will continue to promote the construction of
smart and green digital mines, and push forward the technological reform for a safe, green, efficient and
environmental-friendly mine industry. Secondly, the Company will further accelerate the “ultra-low emission”
renovation of coal-fired generators and strive to achieve "ultra-low emission" of all coal-fired generators in
the eastern and central regions. the Company plans to complete the “ultra-low emission” renovation of 12
coal-fired generators with the total capacity of approximately 7,820MW to build a “green” model in coal-fired
power industry. Thirdly, it promotes the development of the logistic industry under the “Internet+” logistics
model, thus providing the society with green, convenient and economical transportation channels.
Optimising the asset structure and enhancing efficiency while increasing quality on an on-going basis.
Firstly, the Company makes full use of existing resources to improve its profitability. It will continue to devote
its efforts to controlling costs and strive to achieve a continuous year-on-year decrease in the unit production
cost of self-produced coal and the controllable costs of other business segments remain constant as compared
to last year. The Company will further vitalise its assets to improve asset operational efficiency. Secondly, it
will strengthen the planning and management of capital expenditure and strictly control project investment for
sustainable development. The Company will optimise the risk assessment for project commencement and
the tracking and evaluation mechanism for economic benefits of key projects to further the risk control and
management level of investment projects. According to the investment return analysis on the total life cycle of
projects, it will properly arrange the construction schedule of projects to ensure the construction progress of
quality projects. The Company will proactively promote the project construction including the renovation of the
300 million tonne expansion capacity project of Shenshuo Railway and the construction of Huangda Railway.
The coal-fired power projects of Sumsel-1 Coal Power (2×300MW) and Jawa-7 Coal Power (2×1,000MW) in
Indonesia will proceed in an orderly manner.
Focusing on safety and environmental protection and technological innovation to strengthen the
ability of sustainable development. The Company strengthen the accountability for safety production with
a focus on implementing the safety overhaul and devoting more efforts to checks and rectification of hidden
safety hazards, striving to remain “zero fatality” in its safety production. It will continuously optimise assessment
and accountability mechanisms and on-line monitoring platform of environmental safety, improve the work in
energy conservation and environmental protection in the whole industrial chain to prevent incidents relating to
environmental protection from happening. The Company will increase its investments in scientific research and
leverage the technological innovation to grasp the core technologies with their own intellectual property rights,
in order to accelerate the industrialization of the technology innovation outcome.
In 2017, China Shenhua will work pragmatically with steady confidence. It will facilitate the in integration of
various businesses and realise a healthy and sustainable development in order to create greater value for
investors.
Zhang Yuzhuo
Chairman
17 March 2017