Chairman s Statement 
If you held H shares of China Shenhua throughout 2007, you would be delighted to find that your investment generated returns of 149%, outperforming by more than 2.7 times the growth of the Hang Seng China Enterprises Index over the same period. In 2007 China Shenhua issued 1.8 billion A shares listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange. By the end of 2007, the market capitalization of the Company reached US$168.4 billion, an increase of 3.87 times more than that of 2006. In terms of market capitalization, the Company is ranked first among listed companies in the coal sector and second in the mining sector globally. I think this fully demonstrates the recognition by investors of the enterprise value and market position of China Shenhua as a prime blue chip company. I am deeply grateful for the long-term support from our shareholders to the Company.
Behind such outstanding market performance, it is a moving story of an entire team at Shenhua dedicated to high quality management and pursuit of corporate aspiration. The board of directors ( Board ) and I are pleased to note that, based on financial results prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRSs ), the operating revenue of China Shenhua increased from RMB39.820 billion in 2004 to RMB82.107 billion in 2007, representing a compound annual growth rate of 27.3%.
Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company increased from RMB8.942 billion to RMB20.581 billion, a compound annual growth rate of 32.0%. Net cash generated from operating activities increased from RMB18.934 billion to RMB25.626 billion, representing a compound growth rate of 10.6%. These key indicators show that China Shenhua is a reliable long term energy investment with substantial income, steady finance and sustainable growth.
On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to present the 2007 annual report and report on the Company s performance for the year.
China Shenhua has created a unique operating model integrating coal, railway, port and power businesses, which was a remarkable innovation in the history of China s energy development. The competitive advantages created by this operating model has continued and strengthened in 2007, and the Company maintained its leading position in market capitalization, financial performance and business development.
Against the background of rapid economic development in China as well as rapid growth of key coal- consuming industries, the financial performance of the Company in 2007 was strong with continuous growth in various financial indicators. Based on financial results prepared in accordance with IFRSs, earnings per share was RMB1.110, representing a 13.8% increase as compared with 2006. The net assets per share was RMB5.38, representing an increase of 49.9% as compared with 2006. Over the past three years, the Company maintained a more favourable and competitive dividend policy as compared with its peers in the industry. In 2007, we paid a special dividend of RMB0.92863 per share to H shareholders.
The Board has proposed to distribute a cash final dividend of RMB0.18 per share for 2007 to all shareholders.
It is our mission to provide high quality thermal coal to fuel the economic development of China and Asia Pacific on a long-term basis. Since the listing of our H shares, the coal segment of the Company maintained rapid growth and efficient operations on the basis of large-sale production. In 2007, the production and sales volumes of commercial coal reached 158.0 million tonnes and 209.1 million tonnes respectively, representing an increase of 21.4 million tonnes and 38.0 million tonnes compared with 2006 or an increases of 15.7% and 22.2% as compared with 2006. In terms of coal sales, the Company has become the largest listed coal company in China and the second largest listed coal company in the world. In 2007, with our coal export volume reaching 24.0 million tonnes, the company has become the largest coal exporter in China.
China Shenhua has made good progress in the construction of new coal mines. Construction has largely been completed on the large scale mechanical mining technological reform in underground coal mine of Buertai mine, the project for separating mining construction and stripping for Haerwusu open-cut mine has basically been completed with a ground production system being constructed; and the construction of Shengli No. 1 open-cut mine has basically been completed.
Benefiting from the strong demand for coal generated by economic development of the Asia Pacific region, the selling price of the Company s coal rose steadily. In 2007, domestic long term seaborne coal contract price increased by 7.6 % as compared with 2006, while the contract price for coal export denominated in US dollar increased by 9.9 % as compared with last year. At the same time, the Company managed its customer relationship under the principles of integrating customers benefit with the Company s economic return, built strategic cooperative relationship with customers, emphasized importance on service to the enhancement of sales value chain and pursuing win-win result.
Mining reserves is a critical indicator for the long-term development of mining companies. As at 31st December 2007, calculated by reference to the standard of China mining industry, the recoverable reserve of China Shenhua reached 11.482 billion tonnes. According to the internationally accepted JORC standard, the Company has marketable coal reserves of 7.320 billion tonnes.
Our railway and port transportation network has become an irreplaceable resource, creating an important competitive advantage for the operations and development of the Company. In 2007, the annual transportation turnover of the Company s self-owned railway reached 116.7 billion tonne km, representing an increase of 17.9% as compared with 2006. After partial revamp and upgrading, the transportation capacity of our railways have increased. The transportation capacity of Shenshuo Railway, Dazhun Railway, Shuohuang Railway and Shentie railway northern line has increased to 150 million tonnes, 48 million tonnes, 200 million tonnes and 30 million tonnes respectively. In 2007, the seaborne coal turnover via self-owned ports reached 130.3 million tonnes, representing an increase of 10.7% as compared with 2006. After carrying out capacity expansion, the loading capacity of Huanghua Port now exceeds 80 million tonnes. The phase one project of the Shenhua Tianjian Coal Dock has been put into operation with loading capacity exceeding 35 million tonnes and it has successfully passed acceptance inspection by governmental authorities.
In 2007, the power segment of the Company underwent a refinement of its management systems, with significant increase of production and great achievement in energy conservation and consumption reduction. As at 31st December 2007, the Company controlled and operated 13 coal-fired power plants, with a total installed capacity of 15,091 megawatts (MW), representing an increase of 19.5% as compared with 2006. In 2007, the Company s power output dispatch reached 74.35 billion kwh, representing an increase of 37.8% as compared with 2006; the utilization hours of power generation facilities reached 5,995 hours, with annual equivalent usable index reaching 90.58%; and the coal consumption rate of power dispatch reached 332 gkwh, which continued to surpass industry averages.
On 9 October 2007, China Shenhua was successfully listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange and became a substantial A + H listed energy company. The funds raised by the IPO of A shares and the amount of application fund received has set new records for A shares offerings. The Company s A shares listing remains the largest IPO in the mining sector in the world. The net proceeds raised from the A share offering was RMB66.582 billion, providing a solid capital foundation for the company s future capital 
acquisition of strategic assets. At the same time, the Company has enhanced the Shenhua brand and corporate image with its strong performance in both international and domestic capital markets, whilst enhancing the reputation and social influence of the Company.
The Board and the management of China Shenhua attach great importance to investor communication and information disclosure, striving to realise commitments made to shareholders and build an excellent corporate image in the capital market. Since the listing of its H shares, the Company has kept its promise to increase annual production by 15 million tonnes for three consecutive years, and has achieved steady growth in returns to shareholders. In 2007, H shares of the Company were incorporated into major market indexes such as the MSCI Index, Dow Jones China 88 Index, as well as Hang Seng Index, and A shares of the Company were incorporated into the SSE Index. During such time the Company was awarded numerous honors including Asia Best Long-term Value-creation Company , Best Corporate Governance Disclosure Gold Award , the NO.1 Coal and Consumable Fuel Company in the World award and the Best Company Accredited by Shareholders in Asia award.
In 2007, while enhancing operational performance, the Company actively performed its social responsibilities. The Company continued to strengthen management, increased investment and made full use of advancement of science and technology. Moreover, the Company strived to improve production safety and occupational health of employees, increased utilization efficiency of resource and reduced pollution. We have actively sought to improve the ecological environment where our operations are located, in order to promote symbiotic development with the environment, government, customers and suppliers. For more details, you may refer to the 2007 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of China 
We have an outstanding and talented team. We are dedicated to building an enterprise with a corporate culture that meets the expectation of long-term investors. We respect performance and talents, and at the same time we fully understand that only by continuous training, quality improvement, and the building of a harmonious team can we create long-term value for shareholders. In 2007, we continued to strengthen on these initiatives by enhancing the cohesiveness of the team, improving the individual s business quality and innovation, enriching of our corporate culture and enhancing the relationship between employees and the vision of China Shenhua.
In recent years, the coal industry of China has developed towards the market-oriented, scale-building and sustainable development, which provide significant opportunities for China Shenhua. In 2007, the coal consumption in China continued to be strong, and the supply and demand of coal was basically balanced.
The coal price throughout 2007 increased rapidly.
Looking into the year ahead, we expect the China economy to continue its growth in a rapid pace.
Continuous development of the key coal consuming industries (including power, steel, construction materials and chemical industries) will raise the demand for coal. Generally, in 2008, we expect that the momentum in the coal market of China in 2007 will be maintained, with the supply and demand for coal basically balanced and sales volume and price fluctuating at high levels.
From an international perspective, we expect that the world economy will continue to maintain its growth momentum and the global coal demand will continue to be strong in 2008. In 2008, we expect that the supply will be insufficient to meet the demand. Coal supply will be tight in certain seasons and period, spot price will maintain its high momentum with fluctuation, and contract price will increase compared with that of 2007.
In the long run, with a coal price market mechanism established in China, we expect that coal price will stand at a reasonable value reflecting the scarcity of coal. Furthermore, high energy prices (as represented by petroleum) in recent years indicate that the global markets has entered an age of high energy prices.
Large increase of price in petroleum and gas provides room for increase of coal price. The development of coal liquefaction and coal chemical industry has led to a re-examination of the value of coal resources.
In recent years, the coal industry has been in a transition period from industrial consolidation towards capital consolidation. The government has been determined to enhance coal consolidation by encouraging large-scale coal producers to acquire small ones. As for China Shenhua, the reform presents more opportunities than challenges. As a leader in the industry, in addition to accelerating self-improvement and expansion of production capacity, China Shenhua will use proceeds raised in the initial public offering of A shares to acquire strategic assets and consolidate resources in accordance with industrial policies. In addition, the Company will seek to seize more market share and improve competitiveness through mergers 
In the coming years, the Company seeks to strengthen its foothold in China and positively implement its Go Global strategy. The Company will, by international merger, acquisition and joint equity venture, obtain reserves of scarce resources and develop its international business with the objective of consolidating and raising the Company s leading position in the international coal industry. Through the diversification of operating regions, the Company will strengthen its core competitiveness and achieve sustainable development of the Company, fully realising the synergies between overseas and domestic markets and spreading operational risks.
In the coming year, China Shenhua will continue to develop its coal, railway, port and power businesses, implement its merger and acquisition strategy and gradually attain its ultimate goal to strengthen, expand and achieve spectacular splendid achievement . The Company will actively perform its social responsibility, pay attention to production safety and environmental protection, and promote economic growth to achieve harmonious co-development of human and nature as well as corporate and society. At the same time, the Company will strictly adhere to the standard of domestic and international capital markets, voluntarily accept supervision by regulatory authorities, and further enhance corporate governance to bring higher returns for its Shareholders.

