Chairman’s Statement
2008 was an important year in the Group’s
development: a year has passed since the merger
of our operations with The Hong Kong and China
Gas Company Limited (“HKCG”) with a full-scale
promotion of the Towngas China brand; we strictly
adhered to our corporate mission, prioritising
gas safety and customer needs; we served
our customers with friendly, professional and
efficient services, aligned management resources
and executed internal reforms while working
to optimise our customer structure, strengthen
corporate governance and exercise tighter cost
controls. These strategies enabled the Group to
enjoy a sustained growth and report a satisfactory
result despite the financial tsunami’s sweeping
impact on the Chinese economy.
The Group’s turnover increased by approximately 38.0% to HK$4,409 million in 2008. Earnings before
interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation (“EBITDA”) amounted to HK$677 million, an increase of
27.3% from 2007. Profit after tax attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to HK$202 million, an
increase of approximately 40.0% when compared to last year, while earnings per share was 10.33 HK cents. In
view of our sustained growth in earnings, the Board of Directors (the “Board”), for the first time in the history
of the Company, recommended a cash dividend to shareholders, of one HK cent per share, in appreciation of
their support.
The Group’s rapid growth in earnings amid the global financial tsunami clearly reflected our improved
operating cash flow. These improved management and operating philosophies were fully recognised by
international rating agencies. Both Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s Investors Service upgraded our credit
ratings to reflect their confidence in our management and outlook. The enhanced ratings will facilitate the
arrangement of bank loans should we need to raise funds for further business expansion.
Mainland Economy and Gas Industry Development
2008 was a most unusual year. The People’s Republic of China (“China”) was hit by one of the worst
snowstorms in history, the May 12 Wenchuan earthquake in Sichuan and the global financial tsunami.
Nevertheless, the Beijing Olympics, in all its brilliance, proudly proclaimed the rise of China and the
resurgence of Chinese civilization on the world stage. With a 9% growth in 2008, China’s GDP surpassed
Germany to rank among the top three in the world. At the same time, the gas-fired Olympic flame that lit up
the “bird’s nest” symbolised the dawn of a natural gas era for the country.
Despite the global financial tsunami and its negative impact on China’s economic growth, the fall in property
prices, stock prices, foreign trade and industrial output, China’s economic fundamentals remain in good
health on comparison to other large-scale economies overseas. The Chinese government has announced a list
of major economic stimulants in order to maintain a steady economic growth by boosting domestic demand,
improving the economy structure and revitalising internal investment such as interest rate cuts and additional
fiscal spending of RMB 4 trillions on infrastructural projects. External factors may still have a noticeable
negative impact on the Chinese economy in the short term and even in the medium term, but it will not change
the long-term growth trend in China’s economy. As there are still enormous potentials for the urbanisation,
industrialisation and modernisation processes, the huge potential market for the development of the natural gas
industry is guaranteed.
Following the completion and commissioning of several major gas infrastructure projects such as the first
phase of the West-East Pipeline, the Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline, Zhongxian-Wuhan Pipeline, Sichuan-to-East
Pipeline, and the liquefied natural gas terminal projects in Guangdong and Fujian, China embarked on the
construction of the second pipeline in the West-East Gas Transmission Project in 2008. The second West-East
Pipeline, with a total length of approximately 9,100 km and an annual transmission capacity of 30 billion cubic
metres, will extend all the way to Jiangxi, Guangdong and Guangxi, as a new source of gas supply. The 1,300
km China-Kazakhstan Natural Gas Pipeline, designed to transmit 30 billion cubic metres of gas annually,
also commenced construction in mid-2008. As at the year end, China has also confirmed officially proven gas
reserves in excess of 100 billion cubic metres in the Xinjiang Kelameili gas field.
With the discovery of these large gas reserves, significant progresses in the gas infrastructure projects and the
importation of gas in substantial volumes, the development of China’s natural gas trunk pipeline system will
eventually cover all the country’s major populated and economic regions. The problems associated with gas
sourcing and supply which have hindered the development of the gas industry are gradually being resolved.
The arrival of the “China Gasification” era has now been accelerated. We believe the gas industry is positioned
for a long term sustainable development well into the future, enabling Towngas China, one of the country’s
largest city piped gas suppliers, to enjoy continuous and robust growth.
Business Development and Strategic Plans
In light of the financial tsunami during the year, adjustments were made to the pace of investment and
assessment criteria, strengthened the development and operation of existing projects, and applied stricter cost
controls within the Group. In line with our long-term development strategy, the Group continued to focus on
the piped gas market in 2008. New projects were established in the Jinhai Economic Zone in Shenyang and
in Huangshan of the Anhui Province and signed an agreement to acquire a project in Xinjin of the Sichuan
Province. In addition, shortly before the publication of this annual report, the Group entered into agreements to
acquire a project in Chiping of the Shandong Province and a project in Xindu of the Sichuan Province. These
new investments and acquisitions will help to consolidate the Group’s market position and bolster our ability
to sustain continuous growth and development. At the same time, several new projects in southern, central and
southwestern China are currently being assessed; we expect to keep on building our investment portfolio in
these regions.
Social Responsibility and Mission
As part of our efforts to fulfill our social responsibilities and to give back to the community, we have
continuously pushed for environmental protection and actively participated in charities. The May 12 Wenchuan
earthquake took a heavy toll in Sichuan. Fortunately, our 13 project companies in the province sustained only
moderate losses from the catastrophe.
With the Group’s predetermined emergency action plan responded swiftly after the earthquake, we were able
to ensure a safe and continuous supply of gas for our residential, commercial and industrial customers in the
region. We were also able to move quickly in organising emergency support for the quake victims, when more
than 100 employees volunteered from the Henderson Land Group, Hong Kong and China Gas Group and
Towngas China Group rushed to the scene from Hong Kong and different parts of the mainland, to support
the relief aid. Often working in remote, dangerous and grueling conditions, the volunteers’ unselfishness and
sacrifices have been widely recognised by the government and people of Sichuan. Keen to lend a helping hand,
employees across the board, contributed both money and their time in raising a total donation, from the Group
and from our employees, of over RMB 2 million, the largest sum of relief funds raised by the Group to date.
The money was used to buy badly-needed relief supplies, which were delivered to the quake survivors in the
shortest time possible. While much remains to be done in the province, we feel that we have at least lent a
helping hand when it was sorely needed.
The Group is a staunch believer in the value of a healthy corporate culture. We believe it is crucial to the
success of sustaining a healthy existence and the long-term development of an enterprise.Further Integration
In 2008, the Group continued to strengthen communications with HKCG, mutually benefited through further
integration of operational and management aspects.
In 2009, the Group entered into an agreement with Shanxi Hong Kong & China Coalbed Gas Company
Limited, an HKCG subsidiary, to deliver liquefied coalbed methane from Jincheng to our gas companies in
Shaoguan, Qingyuan and Foshan as a supplementary gas source which should, result in an increased use of
natural gas and lowered operating costs.
Assimilation was a major theme for the Group in 2008. By achieving speedy assimilation that successfully
integrates the resources of the two companies, we were able to produce greater synergies, enhance our
management and operating standards as well as corporate value.
Prospects
On the one hand, we will continue to expand our city gas portfolio through mergers and acquisitions. On the
other, we will closely monitor the ever changing environment in China’s economy and the gas industry, so as
to continuously fine tune our development strategies and operation models accordingly. With these measures,
despite the challenges imposed by the recent down turn in the pace of economic development in the mainland,
the Group anticipates a stable progression in 2009.
The Group’s priorities for 2009 are as follows:
Overcome the impact of the financial tsunami
The impact of the 2008 financial tsunami has been enormous, and there are no clear signs of the crisis abating
as yet. Although the crisis has not seriously affected the industry or the Group up to the present moment, we
cannot rule out the possibility that it might have a negative impact on the gas industry should the financial
crisis worsen. As a part of the Group’s prudent practice, apart from continuing with our existing crisis handling
strategies, precautionary measures will be taken to prevent against potential damage from the financial crisis
by closely monitoring the situation and adopt further initiatives and strategies as and when necessary.
Develop new piped gas projects
Rapid market expansion and growth, realised through mergers and acquisitions, has been an essential
instrument in sustaining the Group’s growth potential. In 2009 we will continue to adhere to this strategy.
The Group will continue to enjoy the strong backing of HKCG, and will adopt even more prudent investment
strategies on a stricter selective basis, to improve the quality of new undertakings while strictly controlling the
risks involved.
Maximise the potential of existing projects and improve service quality
The Group has a substantial customer base in mainland China, yet there are still many prospective customers in
the regions where we operate. While China’s economy continues to grow at a rapid pace, inland provinces are
just entering the urbanisation and industrialisation stages. Furthermore, current demand for gas for industrial,
commercial and vehicular usage still outstrips supply. Building on the foundations of our existing projects,
the Group will further penetrate these markets while working to enhance service standards, improve customer
structure, increase the proportion of higher margin businesses, and thus enhance our profitability.
Acknowledgement
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank all staff for their dedication and hard work, and to thank all
shareholders and investors for their long-standing support.
Chan Wing Kin, Alfred
Chairman
Hong Kong, 16 March 2009