Chairman s Statement Market capitalisation as at the end of 2012 achieved 
Proposed final dividend for 2012 is RMB 0.96 share 
On behalf of the board of directors, I am delighted to present the 2012 annual report of China Shenhua and to report to all shareholders on the Company s performance for the year.
The domestic and overseas macro-economy and changes in supply and demand of coal industry since the second quarter of 2012 significantly pulled down the coal price.
In response to the severe situation of the coal industry, China Shenhua focused on the optimal allocation of its resources under the guidance of its development strategy, striving hard for excellence amidst the challenging business environment. By fully capitalising on its integrated competitive edge, the Company effectively withstood risks and achieved encouraging operating results despite the negative trend in the performance of the industry in general.
As at 31 December 2012, the market capitalisation of China Shenhua reached USD81.39 billion, ranking the first among all listed coal companies worldwide and the fourth among all listed integrated mining companies 
Strategic operating layout enables Coal, Power & Transportation businesses to grow against headwind Faced with the tough conditions of sluggish demand for coal, high level of inventory and the decline in coal price since the second quarter of 2012, the Company took proactive measures to stabilise the results of coal business and achieved growth in the power generation and transportation businesses. By overcoming adversity, the Company realized growth in operating results.
' The production volume of commercial coal reached 304.0 million tonnes and the sales volume reached 464.6 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year growth of 7.8% and 19.9% respectively.
' The total power output dispatch reached 193.46 billion kwh, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.2%; the total installed capacity of power generators reached 41,798 MW, representing a growth of 8.8% as compared with the end of last year (restated).
' The transportation turnover of self-owned railway was 176.2 billion tonne km, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.6%; the seaborne coal sales volume reached 262.2 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.8%; shipping volume reached 97.7 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 
' Revenues amounted to RMB250.260 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 19.6%.
' Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company for the year was RMB48.858 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.6%.
' Basic earnings per share were RMB2.456, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.6%.
' Net cash generated from operating activities was RMB69.055 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 
' The Board recommends payment of a final dividend for 2012 of RMB0.96 per share (inclusive of tax) with a total amount of approximately RMB19.094 billion (inclusive of tax), which accounts for 40.1% of net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company under the PRC Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises. The accumulative amount of dividends distributed by the Company (inclusive of the final dividend for 2012) has exceeded the aggregate proceeds which was collected from issue of both H Shares and A Shares of the 
Remarkable Results Achieved by Collaborative Operation and Optimising Integrated Competitive Edge Faced with drastic changes in the coal market, by fully capitalising on various advantages including integrated operation, resource sharing, in- depth cooperation and low cost operation under the principle of maximising overall interests. With sales growth as the main overarching goal, the Company strengthened coordination among coal, transportation and power segments as well as the connection among production, transportation and sales, and improved allocation capability and protective function of coal resources. As a result, the Company achieved effective risk hedging, mutually complementary and coordinated development among these segments, and the balance and stability in the overall operation.
The coal segment continued to strengthen the management of safety production while upholding the principle of profit maximisation to organize production and prioritise production and outbound transportation of seaborne coal. In addition, the Company exercised appropriate control over the output of coal with low calorific value by strengthening the management of coal quality.
The Company s timely adjustment of its coal sales strategy to optimize market layout, secure sales volume of self- produced coal with high added value, as well as step up its efforts on sales in northern and eastern China, with timely adjustment to the price of coal purchased from third parties, the portfolio of coal sources and control on coal sources was further strengthened.
Through the effective measures taken by the Company, the production and sales targets of the coal segment set for the year was accomplished, which expanded the market share of the Company and realised a steady growth in operating revenue and the level of earnings.
The power segment fully leveraged on its roles as stabilizer and economic growth pole and boosted the unloading coal volume and coal consumption of China Shenhua, and thus alleviated the adverse impact brought about by decreasing external demand on coordinated production. The Company also proactively responded to various adverse factors such as high output of hydropower and weak demand for thermal power by strengthening operational management, consistently implementing the sales strategy to maximise power output, thus ensuring the steady operation of the business and achieving improvement in both scale and efficiency in the power 
The transportation segment allocated transportation capacity to the businesses with highest profitability by taking full advantage of transportation system, making reasonable arrangement for outbound transportation and seaborne coal transportation, commissioning additional trains with 10,000 tonnes loading capacity and improving the transportation network. In addition, the Company continuously improved the overall transportation efficiency and capacity of the railway, port and shipping segment and eliminated bottleneck in transportation to keep expanding the coverage of transportation, with a view to facilitating the exploration of coal market and import 
Strived to Lay a Solid Foundation and Tap into Development Potentials to Implement Sustainable Development Strategy In order to achieve sustainable development, the Company increased its capital expenditures to vigorously carry out key work including project construction, strategic cooperation and assets acquisition.
The Company accelerated the construction of key railway and seaborne channels for coal transportation, including Zhunchi Railway and Bazhun Railway, pushed forward the preliminary work of Watermark Coal Project in Australia and Xinjie Project as scheduled, and facilitated the approval process in respect of a number of projects relating to power plants and ports (such as Chongqing Wanzhou Power Plant). The smooth progress of key projects has laid a solid foundation for the mid-to-long term development of the Company.
Through joint development, mergers and acquisition, the Company continuously carried out strategic cooperation with various provinces and cities along coasts and rivers as well as in the central region, secured high-end power sources and promoted the construction of coal storage bases, leading to significant expansion of business development. As a result of such strategic cooperation, the operating results of the acquired assets have been improving, reflecting remarkable achievements of strategic cooperation between its coal and power operating entities. Furthermore, the Company also carried out overseas projects in a proactive and prudent manner.
The Company completed three equity acquisitions and one asset acquisition from its controlling shareholders including Taicang Power. etc, and began its new round of acquisitions of assets from its controlling shareholders.
In addition, the Company continuously boosted comprehensive resource utilisation projects such as extraction of dioxide aluminium from coal ash and upgrade of lignite. The Company won the bidding in the transferred project in relation to the exploration right of shale gas block located in Baojing, Hunan Province, which marked a good beginning of development of new businesses.
Strengthened Fundamental Management and created a favourable 
In response to the drastic changes in the coal market, the Company, by strengthening budget control, cost control, capital management and reducing non-production expenses, managed to control the percentage of selling, general and administrative expenses to operating revenue at 5.2%, slight decrease as compared with 5.3% in 2011.
Focusing on management improvement, the Company embraced world-class standards, refined its management platform, pushed ahead streamlining business process and promoting structure upgrading in an orderly manner.
By preliminarily establishing its ERP system platform with application of information technology, the Company was equipped with a resource integration and allocation system comprising capital flow, material flow, information flow and value stream. Thereby, the rapid reaction capability and adaptation capability in response to the changing market sentiments can be enhanced.
With a view to further improving risk control, the Company continued to enhance internal control by establishing a comprehensive system and a better assessment mechanism.
During the reporting period, the Company attached great importance to corporate social responsibility work, further enhancing the management standard of five-model enterprise that features intrinsic safety, quality and efficiency, technological innovation, resource conservation and harmonious development to promote common development of all parties concerned. For more information, please refer to 2012 CSR Report of the Company.
2013: Striving to Create More Value for Shareholders under Strategic 
In 2013, the Company will take new steps to build China Shenhua into a world-class coal-based integrated energy enterprise by further expanding the room for business development, optimising its business layout, stepping up its efforts in innovation, improving its value generating capability, competitiveness and risk resistance capacity, fulfilling the social responsibilities under the guidance of a world first-class development strategy and the focus on sustainable development. China Shenhua will focus on the following major endeavors: ' To continuously refine the integrated business model. Adhering to the principle of maximising the efficiency , the Company will optimise the coordination of all business segments under the integrated operation model, with a view to promoting specialisation, collaborative and collective operation as well as 
In addition, the Company will strengthen the construction of coal production base and coal storage base, promote strategic cooperation and asset acquisitions, as well as absorb the external resources and establish the mega-coal-sources system by the use of Shenhua logistics system. While making appropriate adjustments to sales structure, sales direction and pricing mechanism, the Company will also refine the distribution of power-related projects, capitalise on the development opportunity in power segment and continue its effort in enhancing the shipping efficiency by pushing ahead the construction of railway network connecting the mines so as to improve the operational efficiency and operating results of the industrial chain in all aspects.
' To boost production and construction in a safe and efficient manner. Adhering to its innovative philosophy of achieving zero injury in mine operation , the Company will constantly improve its intrinsic-safety management system, make rational production plans and construction schedules for key projects and enhance business productivity and potentials on a systematic basis, so as to ensure smooth and continuous operation and sustainable development.
' To further strengthen budget management and maintain effective cost control. The Company will exercise strict control over costs and expenditures as well as seek to improve management effectiveness by reducing non-production expenses in a comprehensive manner and emphasise the guiding role played by budget management in business operation, with a view to proactively preventing risks and consolidate its advantages in cost effective operation.
Looking into 2013, the management and all employees of China Shenhua will strive to promote sustainable and healthy development of the cause of Shenhua in a confident and diligent manner, and create more value for 
