CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
SIGNIFICANT IMPROVEMENT IN
FINANCIAL RESULTS
2007 has been the most remarkable year in the Group’s
history. In March 2007, The Hong Kong and China Gas
Company Limited (“HKCG”, a public listed company in
Hong Kong), through the injection of ten joint ventures
in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), became the
largest shareholder of the Group. The Company was
officially renamed as Towngas China Company Limited in
May of the same year. The introduction of HKCG’s excellent
management philosophy, quality assets and determined
efforts directed at different operational and management
levels, focusing on optimization, integration, streamlining
and elevation of standards of different business segments,
enabled the Group to turn around a loss, after tax
attributable to shareholders, of HK$256 million in 2006
to a profit attributable to shareholders, of HK$145 million
in 2007, an increase of HK$401 million, demonstrating
a substantial improvement in the profitability of the
Group. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and
amortization (EBITDA) amounted to HK$532 million,
representing an increase of approximately 1.9 times when
compared to 2006, a noteworthy enhancement of the
Group’s operating cash flow. The changes in management
philosophy and operational standards have been positively
recognized by the international rating agency, Standard
and Poor’s Rating Services (“S&P”), who upgraded the
Group to investment grade in August 2007. During the
year, the Group’s gearing ratios also appreciably improved.
The Group’s sound financial position will provide a solid
foundation for future development.
DEVELOPMENT OF PRC GAS FUEL
MARKET
With accelerating urbanization in the PRC, industrial output
is increasing at a very rapid pace. Urbanization has led to
a rapid growth in population in the urban and suburban 
areas creating huge potential in the residential and commercial gas sectors whilst the prospering
economic development offers enormous prospects for a rise in industrial gas consumption.
In the last few years, several major natural gas-related projects, including among others, the WestEast
Gas Transmission Project, Shaanxi-Beijing Gas Import Project, Zhong County-Wuhan Pipeline
Project and Guangdong Liquefied Natural Gas (“LNG”) Project, have all commenced operation.
Recent discoveries of enormous natural gas reserves in Daqing’s “Xujiaweizi (徐家圍子)” and
Sichuan’s “Puguang (普光)” Gas Field have paralleled commencement of Sinopec’s SichuanShanghai
Pipeline Project and the second phase of PetroChina’s West-East Gas Transmission
Project. These, together with approval granted for construction of the Rudong LNG Project in
Jiangsu province, are indications that more natural gas resources will gradually become available
for supply and transmission.
Environmental protection is now a hot topic in the PRC. Given the prospering economy, issues
such as increasing environmental protection or maintaining a harmonious development between
society and nature have become a major concern for the country and its people. According to the
11th Five-year Plan, the PRC government plans to reduce emission of major pollutants by 10%.
Currently, at state and local government level environmental protection is being strengthened
through legislation and administrative regulation, providing positive development potential for the
natural gas sector.
Growth in the PRC natural gas sector appears to be gaining momentum. The Group, through
provision of professional services, will contribute to this trend and benefit from market expansion
with the delivery of a quality and safe gas supply to its customers.
STRATEGIC ARRANGEMENTS
The Group remains committed to focusing primarily on the development of its piped gas business
whilst still allocating appropriate resources to its liquefied petroleum gas (“LPG”) business and
further rationalizing existing operations. Regarding its piped gas business, the Group acquired
Mianyang Tianneng in Sichuan province, Gongzhuling in Jilin province and entered into an
agreement to acquire a project in Qijiang, Chongqing. These acquisitions have reinforced the
Group’s position in Sichuan and northeastern China and also created a breakthrough for the Group
in the city of Chongqing. New project developments in the Southern and Southwestern regions of
the PRC are also progressing satisfactorily. As for its LPG business, the Group achieved a major
advance in December 2007 when it entered into an agreement to form a sino-foreign equity joint
venture, Wuhan Wumei Panva Gas Company Limited (武漢武煤百江燃氣有限公司).
BUSINESS INTEGRATION
Once HKCG became the largest shareholder of the Group, business integration became a priority
in 2007. The two groups have since enhanced communication, tightened cooperation and refined
organizational structures at all levels. Financial support from HKCG and sharing of HKCG’s
extensive experience in areas such as project management, engineering design, marketing,
customer service, safety and risk management are providing significant value in sustaining growth
of the Group.
PROSPECTS
Looking ahead to 2008, the Group will continue to deepen integration with HKCG so as to fully
capitalize on the benefits and synergy from the partnership. Operational efficiency will be enhanced
by strengthening internal controls, engineering and safety management and other measures to
build a stronger foundation for the Group’s continuing development.
In 2008, the Group will aim to:
‧ build up the Towngas brand
During the coming year, the Group shall continue to work with HKCG to build up the
“Towngas” brand as a renowned and quality name so as to consolidate its leading position
in the PRC gas fuel sector. With safety as its first priority, the Group will undertake its
mission to provide customers with caring, competent and efficient services, while
preserving the environment and fulfilling its social responsibilities, making the “Towngas”
brand known throughout the PRC.
develop new gas fuel projects
Through mergers and acquisitions, the Group will continue to strive for rapid expansion
which alongside organic business growth of existing projects, is set to increase the Group’s
future growth potential. Backed by HKCG’s strong capital support, the Group will have
more choice and a stronger negotiating position when seeking new projects. The Group
will speed up its mergers and acquisition efforts by committing more resources to project
development in 2008. In addition to scaling up its market share in Northeastern China
and Sichuan province, the Group will strive to enter into other regions so as to accelerate
development.
‧ optimize customer composition to enhance project performance
The Group has already built up an impressive market share in the PRC in terms of number
of customers and population coverage. The Group’s operational companies performed well
in 2007 and still have enormous growth potential given the current trend of development
in the PRC. A growing economy coupled with rapid urbanization and industrialization
offers significant growth opportunities in the gas fuel sector. The pace of development in
industrial, commercial and automobile gas consumption is far higher than that of residential
gas consumption, offering higher gross profit margins to the Group. In 2008, the Group
will also seek to optimize the customer compositions of its operational companies as
well as increasing its sourcing power from upstream suppliers, so as to further enhance
profitability of all operational companies and overall results.
APPRECIATION
I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt thanks to our shareholders, customers
and business partners for their generous support, as well as our management and staff for their
genuine contributions. I look forward to reaching new heights in the coming years.
Chan Wing Kin, Alfred
Chairman
Hong Kong, 25 March 2008