Chairman’s Statement
Economic Landscape
The global economy continued to recover albeit at a slow pace in 2016. Against the backdrop of Brexit,
the strong US Dollar and complicated geopolitical conditions in the Middle East and the Asia-Pacific region,
international oil prices continued to stumble. During the year, China’s economy focused on the reform
of supply management and de-capacity, to facilitate its structural adjustments and the transformation of
development mode. Its domestic economy grew steadily throughout the year – the Gross Domestic Product
(GDP) expanded by 6.7% in the first three quarters and 6.8% in the fourth. According to the National
Bureau of Statistics, China’s contribution to global economic growth was as high as 33.2%, was still
the world’s primary economic driver. The country’s purchasing managers’ index (PMI) for 2016 recorded
small increases for four consecutive seasons with a rebound to 51.9% in the fourth quarter. The annual
average of 50.3% represented an increase of 0.4 percentage points over 2015. This macro-economic data
reflects favourable signs underpinned by rejuvenated market demand as well as an improving operating
environment for businesses. Despite the potential depreciation of the RMB against the US dollar in the
short term, the Chinese government stabilised the exchange rate by actively adjusting its foreign exchange
reserves in US Dollars. Therefore, in the mid-to-long term, the RMB exchange rate is expected to remain
steady.
Reforms in the Liberalisation of Natural Gas
In recent years, the Chinese government has been working towards market-oriented reform in the natural
gas industry. In view of the government’s core principle to relax gas sourcing and pricing in the market and
its transformation to market-orientation – the government currently only regulates the prices for network
transmission and distribution that fall into the natural monopoly through network category (“regulate the
core and relax the ends”), this reform is continuing to pick up pace. In April 2016, the National Energy
Administration of China issued a “Notice on Actively Promoting the Mode of Public-Private-Partnership
in the Energy Field” in a bid to attract private capital for investment in the natural gas infrastructure.
Following an attempt to open up the construction market for natural gas infrastructure with fair and
equal participation in 2014, relevant policies were launched in 2016 to facilitate similar development for 
the natural gas infrastructure under the three largest energy corporations in China (CNPC, Sinopec and
CNOOC) and across different provinces. With regard to the price of transportation through pipelines, the
Chinese government promulgated “Measures for the Administration of the Price of Natural Gas Pipeline
Transportation” and “Measures for the Supervision and Examination of the Pricing and Costs of Natural
Gas Pipeline Transportation”, which set out details in the pricing methodology for domestic natural gas
supply through transmission networks and established the pricing principle. It also sets the standard entry
charge for third-party piped gas suppliers when the market opens up to the public. Service prices for
gas storage facilities, which have not been subject to independent determination in the past, will also be
market-driven from now on. Fujian Province also commenced its pilot scheme for market-oriented reforms
in the natural gas industry. As such the gateway prices for natural gas are no longer divided into residential
and non-residential rates. Residential prices are linked to upstream gas prices and adjusted accordingly,
while non-residential prices are determined by supply and demand. The experience generated in these
trial reforms in Fujian Province is expected to act as a model for larger scale market-oriented reforms in
the natural gas industry throughout the country in the future. In addition to these developments, the
Shanghai Petroleum and Natural Gas Exchange commenced official operations, which in turn was followed
by the Chongqing Petroleum and Natural Gas Exchange. China has so far established two national trading
platforms for bulk energy products while a market-oriented mechanism for the trading and pricing of
natural gas is just around the corner.
Market Prospects of the City Gas Business
China underwent changes on energy consumption patterns in 2016, transforming into the adoption of
clean, low-carbon and efficient sources as the new standard for energy consumption. Being a clean energy,
development and application of natural gas remain a priority for the Chinese government, particularly
in view of the worsening haze in the country. The National Development and Reform Commission
and National Energy Administration is seeking to accelerate the progress of “coal-to-gas” substitution
nationwide. The country’s “13th Five-Year Plan of Energy Development” and the “13th Five-Year Plan
of Natural Gas Development” propose an increase in the consumption of natural gas to 10% of primary
energy consumption in 2020 with a comprehensive guaranteed supply of up to 360 billion cubic metres, a
total pipeline length of up to 104,000 kilometres and a gas supply ratio for urban residents of up to 57%.
During the term of the 13th Five-Year Plan, “coal-to-gas” substitution works will boost gas consumption
by 45 billion cubic metres and replace 189,000 steam tonnes in coal-fired boilers. In 2020, approximately
10 million natural gas vehicles are expected to be in operation, supported by the operation of 12,000 gas
refilling stations together with 200 gas refilling stations for marine vessels. These policies and the market
environment will thus promote the ongoing development and growth of the city gas industry.
Business Outlook
In view of our operational environment, which has been subjected to structural adjustments in China’s
economy, the slowdown in energy demand, de-capacity and cost reduction, together with escalating
competitive pricing for alternative energies, the Group is sparing no efforts to improve innovation and
explore new markets to enhance corporate efficiencies. As such, we are implementing our “creative
development” strategy. Actively exploring the industrial and commercial customer base, as well as
conventional urban gas markets (including “coal-to-gas” boilers), we continue to leverage our wide
client base in China together with our many advantages with regard to gas sourcing coordination, safety
management and quality services. These advantages are helping us to lay the foundations for natural gas
distributed energy and central heating operations in the domestic gas market. To this end, we provide
energy planning and energy savings consultancy together with other services to over 100 member
companies in the Group. We are also proactively exploring the new integrated energy supply market. In the
development of our distributed energy business, Towngas China Energy Investment (Shenzhen) Limited was
established in Qianhai, Shenzhen in 2016.
The “13th Five-Year Plan of Natural Gas Development” has firmly set out objectives to promote the
gas utilization in the transportation sector. The implementation of these policies will bring additional
opportunities for the Group’s gas refilling business for vehicles and marine vessels. Furthermore, there have
been constant improvements in technology and additional investments in international gas exploration and
development. With an increasing sufficiency in gas supplies and a significant decrease in price in the AsiaPacific
region, imported liquefied natural gas has become much more cost effective. As a result, the Group
is planning to tap these sources to complement piped gas supplies, both to lower the costs, as well as to
explore opportunities in the trading market of liquefied natural gas.
With regard to the residential market, apart from the active development of the gas heating and
water heating markets, the first gas dryer was launched in China in 2016. This move is injecting a new
momentum in the Group’s “customer oriented” service philosophy.
With signs of economic recovery in mainland China and the continuous expansion of its urban population,
demand for energy and green industries remain strong. Looking forward, the Group will continue to
promote innovative development and explore new sectors such as clean energy, technology advancement,
safety levels and service quality with a view to achieve further growth and improve our overall performance.
We believe that in light of the favourable policies and direction for clean energy and the increasing
sufficiency of gas supplies, prospects for the further advancement of our business are bright and will
achieve not only stable, but outstanding growth. We are on the threshold of a new chapter in our
development!
Chan Wing Kin, Alfred
Chairman
Hong Kong, 15 March 2017