C hairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors, I am delighted to present the 2014 annual report of China Shenhua and to report on the Company s performance for the period.
Confronting challenging market situation in 2014 featuring oversupply of coal and declining prices, China Shenhua steadily improved its integrated operation and vigorously implemented its 1245 clean energy development strategy. Focusing on its strategic goal of building itself into a world first-class supplier of clean energy , China Shenhua accelerated the transformation of the concept and mode of development, pushed forward four developments of safe development, transitional development, innovative development and harmonious development, and strived to achieve five enhancements of enhancing the quality and efficiency of development, the standards of management, the capability of internationalization, the soft power of the enterprise and the ability to fulfill social responsibilities . Such initiatives promoted coordinated development of all business segments and achieved a generally favorable business performance against the overall loss of the industry.
During this year, the Company effectively offset the impact of oversupply of coal by enhancing fundamental management, tapping potential internally and expanding markets externally, and hence recorded profit before income tax of RMB60.945 billion.
Based on the profit from operations of all business segments before eliminations upon consolidation under the International Financial Reporting Standards, the percentages attributable to the coal, power, transportation and coal chemical segments were optimized to 41%, 31%, 26% and 2% respectively in 2014 from 50%, 26%, 22% and 2% in 2013 as a result of the effective structural transformation. Power generation and transportation businesses made more contributions to the results of the Company.
In 2014, the profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Company and basic earnings per share amounted to RMB38,689 million and RMB1.945 respectively. The Board recommends payment of a final dividend for 2014 of RMB0.74 per share (inclusive of tax) in cash with a total amount of approximately RMB14,718 million (inclusive of tax), which accounts for 40.0% of the net profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Company in 2014 under the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises.
As at 31 December 2014, the total market capitalization of China Shenhua reached USD64.7 billion, ranking the first among all listed coal companies worldwide and the fourth among all listed integrated mining companies worldwide. In early 2015, China Shenhua was assigned China s sovereign rating by three international credit rating agencies, namely Standard & Poor s, Moody s and Fitch Ratings, demonstrating China Shenhua s credit strength in international capital market.
Actively responding to market fluctuation and enhancing marketing efforts in coal and power segments Adhering to the market-oriented pricing mechanism, the Company enhanced market forecast and explored new customers by allocating marketable types of coal according to customer requirements. In 2014, the production volume of commercial coal amounted to 306.6 million tonnes while the sales volume reached 451.1 million tonnes, of which the domestic sales of seaborne coal reached 234.3 million tonnes, accounting for approximately 34.7% of the outbound shipment for domestic coal sales through major ports in China, up by 0.7 percentage point year-on-year.
The Company stepped up marketing efforts in the power segment to boost power supply, and brought in more revenue for coal and transportation segments by consuming self-produced coal. In 2014, gross power generation amounted to 214.13 billion kwh, and total power output dispatch reached 199.44 billion kwh.
Strengthening production arrangements to ensure stable and sound 
The Company adjusted the structure of production volume of coal mines according to market demands and the principle of efficiency maximization. The competitiveness of coal products was further enhanced through the improvement of equipment and production technology as well as the strengthened management of coal 
Utilization hours of power equipment were improved, which enhanced efficiency of the power business significantly. In 2014, the average utilization hours of coal-fired power generators reached 5,174 hours, surpassing the national average utilization hours of coal-fired power generators by 468 hours.
The Company strengthened transportation coordination and optimized operation to confront market volatility, enhanced operation efficiency through better planning and management, reasonable loading arrangement and strengthened railway capacity management, and ensured smooth operation by improving port loading efficiency and yard management. In 2014, the transportation turnover of self-owned railways of the Company was 223.8 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.8%.
The coal chemical business achieved a high level of production. The production equipment of Baotou Coal Chemical Company maintained safe and steady operation.
Enhancing management by focusing on value creation and striving to achieve favorable results in cost reduction and efficiency improvement The Company further tightened its budget management by vigorously implementing measures for cost and expense control, optimizing cost analysis and appraisal mechanism, and constantly strengthening cost management and control of micro units, which to some extent mitigated the impact of declining market demands and thus enhanced the market risk resilience of the Company.
In 2014, the Group s unit production cost of self-produced coal was RMB132.0tonne, representing a year-on- year decrease of 3.3%. The unit cost of power output dispatch decreased by 6.7% year-on-year, and the unit transportation cost of railway decreased by 3.1% year-on-year.
The Company promoted the Digital Mine project in 14 mines including Jinjie Mine, witnessing major progress in head count downsizing, efficiency boosting, refined management, and improvement of production efficiency and equipment utilization.
Actively engaging in clean energy supply to improve the quality of 
In 2014, the Company took steady steps towards the goal of building itself into a world first-class supplier of clean energy . Firstly, to achieve clean coal production, the Company explored green coal production mode featuring low consumption, reduced emission and high output, leading to world-class clean production in terms of overall energy consumption for raw coal production and unit power consumption for coal selection and establishing a brand of Shenhua clean coal as characterized by the quality of low sulphur, low ash and medium-to-high calorific value. Secondly, to achieve clean coal use, the Company conducted technology research and development, carried out ultra-low emission renovation on coal-fired power generators with a total installed capacity of 2,350 MW during the year, and therefore the emission levels of soot, sulfur dioxide and NOx met or outperformed the emission standards on air pollutants from gas-fired power generators. Thirdly, the Company steadily pushed forward new energy development as five wells of the shale gas project in USA began to produce gas and generated revenue, and the shale gas project in Baojing, Hunan Province completed its preliminary geological exploration.
Strengthening development potential The Company allocated its resources through key initiatives such as project construction, acquisition of equity interests and overseas investment, so as to strengthen its future development potential.
Projects including Guojiawan Coal Mine and Qinglongsi Coal Mine made smooth progress as scheduled, thereby ensuring the continuous supply of coal resources. Projects including power plants under construction such as the Phase II of Anqing Power Generation Project of Shenwan Energy Company were pushed forward steadily and were expected to be put into operation in 2015. Seven new power projects with an annual aggregate installed capacity of 12,700 MW have been approved. In addition, the Company successfully introduced heavy- haul trains with axle load of 30 tonnes, effectively improving transportation efficiency. The Company also witnessed the completion of Zhunchi Railway, the commencement of construction of Huangda Railway and the commencement of operation of Huanghua Port (Phase IV).
The Company initiated the acquisition of equity interests in certain larger capacity clean coal-fired power generators from Shenhua Group.
PT.GH EMM INDONESIA Project achieved favorable operating revenue. The Company also took firm steps forward to globalize its resources allocation. The Watermark Coal Project in Australia, the Tsankhi project in Mongolia, the Sino-Mongolian railway project and the Zashulanskoye project in Russia all achieved encouraging 
Adhering to safe development, transitional development, innovative development and harmonious development To emphasize the concept of safe development, the Company further implemented the advanced safety philosophy of seeking zero fatality rate and aiming at zero injury , constantly improved its intrinsic safety management system, and comprehensively reinforced its risk prevention and control system. The fatality rate per million tonnes of raw coal production was 0.009 in 2014, which maintained its leading position in the coal 
To emphasize the concept of transitional development and accelerate clean transformation. The Group invested a total of RMB4.571 billion in energy saving and environmental protection projects in 2014. The Company completed the desulphurization renovation of all coal-fired power generators, and the proportion of coal-fired generators for which denitrification renovation had been completed remained in the leading position in the industry. Afforestation areas were expanded by 25,073.4 thousand square meters in 2014.
To emphasize the concept of innovative development. The Group s research and development expenditures in 2014 amounted to RMB1,074 million, with the smooth progress of a series of key scientific and technological innovation projects including green exploitation of coal mines as well as the initiation of a series of major projects including heavy-haul railway technology, indicating technological innovation has become a fundamental support for the development of the Company.
To emphasize the concept of harmonious development. Embracing the philosophy of safe and efficient, clean and environment-friendly, mutual success with harmony , the Company achieved a harmonious development among enterprise, society and the environment and a win-win situation with all stakeholders during the reporting period. For more information, please refer to the 2014 CSR Report of the Company.
2015: Expediting the implementation of the clean energy development strategy based on the new normal state The new normal state of the coal industry will become further defined in 2015. On the one hand, the overall oversupply in the coal market will linger. On the other hand, the Chinese government is pushing forward the reform on energy production and consumption, expediting the structural adjustment and transitional development of the coal industry through the promotion of clean, efficient and low-carbon utilization.
Stepping up the implementation of the 1245 clean energy development strategy, China Shenhua will optimize its integrated operation model and constantly improve its competitiveness so as to create greater value for its 
Reinforcing the coal-based energy segment. To further emphasize the leading role of coal sales, the Company will maintain its market share through the improvement of organization, implement differentiated strategy through market segmentation and enhance the brand image of Shenhua coal through the promotion of clean thermal coal. To strengthen its capability of integrated operation, the Company will organize the production in the coal segment according to the market situation, strive to achieve higher utilization hours in the power segment as compared to similar coal-fired generators in the same region, optimize dispatch and organization in the transportation segment and explore a new business mode of logistics and enhance operations management of production and cost control in the coal chemical segment.
Carrying on cost reduction and efficiency enhancement. The Company will enhance management capabilities and improve efficiency by innovating management and adding value to its brand. It will optimize its industrial and regional deployment as well as project and customer portfolio, strengthen its control over production costs and management of capital and accounts receivable.
Facilitating the supply of clean energy. To carry on the clean production and utilization of coal, the Company will focus on pushing forward the ultra-low emission renovation of coal-fired power generators, and explore the development of new energy.
Pushing forward the construction of key projects. To optimize its integrated portfolio, the Company will implement the concept of value creation and reasonably arrange future capacity planning, and steadily push forward the construction of key projects. The progress achieved in the construction of overseas projects will help the Company accumulate experience in overseas development.
Strengthening scientific and technological innovation ability. To enhance its capability of integrated innovation, the Company will push forward the transformation of traditional industry driven by information technology and build itself into a digital Shenhua; it will expand its technology and talent reserve so as to underpin the future development of the Company.
Exercising the concept of safety, energy saving and environmental protection. Adhering to its principle of safety, green, low-carbon and circular development, the Company will implement the Action Plan on Air Pollution Prevention and Control and the Annual Plan for the Upgrade and Renovation of Coal-fired Power Generators, leading the clean development of the coal industry.
Looking into 2015, China Shenhua will expedite with strong determination the implementation of the 1245 clean energy development strategy and the clean and efficient utilization of coal, with the aim to build itself into a world first-class supplier of clean energy, as well as create greater value for its investors.

20 March 2015 
