Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors, I am delighted to present the 2011 annual report of China Shenhua and report to all shareholders on the Company s performance for the year.
In 2011, on the basis of rapid and steady growth of the overall economy in the PRC, China Shenhua improved operating efficiency and achieved continuously healthy development. Adhering to the development strategy of the Company, the board of directors of China Shenhua pursued its core philosophy of value creation. The Company made great efforts to step up transition of development mode, enhance integrated capabilities, strengthen safe production, reinforce cost control and implement mergers 
As at 31 December 2011, the market capitalization of China Shenhua reached USD81.03 billion Note , ranking the first among listed coal companies worldwide and the fourth among listed integrated mining companies worldwide.

Continued to Reach Outperforming Results both in Production and Operation and Created More Returns for All Shareholders In 2011, the Company realised balanced development of its business segments namely coal, power, railway, port and shipping: " The production volume of commercial coal reached 281.9 million tonnes and sales volume reached 387.3 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year growth of 14.8% and 23.7% respectively.
" The total power output dispatch reached 167.61 billion kwh, representing a year-on-year increase of 27.3%; the total installed capacity of power generators reached 37,153 MW, representing a year-on-year increase of 29.8% as compared with the beginning of the year.
" The transportation turnover of self-owned railway was 162.3 billion tonne km, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.0%, and the seaborne coal sales volume reached 210.1 million tonnes, representing a year-on- year increase of 23.2%; shipping volume reached 80.6 million tonnes.
" Revenues amounted to RMB208.197 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 32.1%.
" Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company for the year was RMB45.677 billion, representing a year-on year increase of 17.6%.
" Basic earnings per share were RMB2.296, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.6%.
" Net cash generated from operating activities was RMB70.665 billion, representing a year-on-year increase 
The coal segment achieved balanced and efficient production and carried out capacity expansion projects actively. Shendong Mines promoted the application of fully-mechanized and large-scale working face mining technology. With strengthened quality management, Shendong Mines made great strides in steady and efficient production and improved the quality of commercial coal. The reconstruction and capacity expansion projects in Jinjie mine successfully completed and reached the designed capacity. Huangyuchuan mine has entered pre-production preparatory phase. Zhunge er Mines tapped into the potential of its production capacity, with further increase in the production volume of commercial coal. The capacity expansion projects in Heidaigou and Ha erwusu mine were progressing smoothly with steady enhancement of production capacity. Shengli Mines and Shenbao mine stepped up its efforts in management of production, equipment and safety, which resulted in a relatively higher growth rate of production of commercial coal. Shengli Mines commenced pilot production upon completion of its capacity expansion project, while the preparatory work for the capacity expansion of Shenbao mine was well in progress. The mining license and permits application and the planning, pre-construction preparation work of Xinjie Taigemiao Exploration Area for the modernized new mines with annual capacity of 100 million tonnes were making smooth progress. Watermark Coal Project in Australia commenced the preparation of its environmental assessment report with monumental progress achieved in the overall planning of the mining area, etc. The integrated coal and power project in South Sumatra, Indonesia had been put into operation.
The power segment accelerated the pace of development and further improved its efficiency. The management of operation of the power business was strengthened so as to further increase the utilization hours of power generators and improve efficiency. In 2011, the average utilization hours of coal-fired generators were 5,914 hours, 620 hours above the average of thermal power plants of the PRC; and the net increase in installed capacity of power generators of the Company reached 8,520 MW.
The transportation segment steadily launched capacity expansion projects. Through various refined management measures, it tapped into the potential capacity of the existing railway. Shenshuo Railway further expanded transportation capacity by optimizing operational management, launching more trains with individual capacity of 10,000 tonnes and carrying out station renovations. The construction of new railways were pressed forward and the capacity expansion projects of Dazhun Railway, the new Ganquan Railway, Bazhun Railway and Zhunchi Railway were carried out steadily as planned. The seaborne coal sales volume of Huanghua Port was approximately 100 million tonnes in 2011 and its capacity expansion project witnessed smooth progress, leading to further enhancement of port capacity and overall functions.
Results of Injected Assets Increased Substantially, Mergers and Acquisitions Made Considerable Progress The results of the assets injected in the beginning of 2011 by the controlling shareholder registered significant growth. During the reporting period, the net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the parent of the injected assets amounted to RMB1.656 billion under Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, representing a year-on-year growth of 66.8%. The Company actively adopted Shareholders opinions and disclosed the relevant information on the operation and risk control of Shenhua Finance Company in its regular reports. In the second half of 2011, the Company initiated a new round of asset injection. Approval for such acquisition was obtained from the board of directors in March 2012.
Since 2011, the Company leveraged on its advantages in securing coal supply and seized the favorable opportunity to carry out mergers and acquisitions in the power industry. Through the combination of developing quality power sources with the construction of coal storage base and market expansion, the Company strengthened strategic cooperation with various provinces and cities along coasts and rivers as well as in the central region and acquired Mengjin Power and Bashu Power Company, established Shenwan Energy Company, Shenhua (Fujian) Energy Company and Zhuhai Coal Dock, etc, which became the new driving force of the economic growth of the Company.
Implemented Mega-sales Strategy, Consolidated and Increased Market Shares in the Coal Market In 2011, the Company strengthened its dominance and control over resources, logistics and market through the solid implementation of its mega-sales strategy.
The Company established and improved its organizational structure that focused on sizable regional companies.
It optimized the spot coal pricing mechanism with reference to the Bohai Bay Thermal Coal Price Index, expanded coal sourcing in locations such as ports and developed new channels of coal import.
The Company actively promoted the construction of coal transhipment and coal storage base along railways, rivers and coastal areas, which generated a radiation effect on neighboring areas. The Company also optimized industrial layout to expand sales markets, which consolidated and increased the market shares of the Company s 
Implemented Internal Integration, Enhanced Refined Management and Continuously Fulfilled Social Responsibility Based on the principle of professional management and intensified operation , the Company established a number of professional management companies, such as Overseas Development and Investment Company, thereby achieving a more reasonable and efficient resources allocation.
The Company continued to enhance its cost control measures and adhered to low-cost operation, enhanced its refined management and further improved the application of information technology. The Company also increased the weight of economic value added (EVA) in the assessment mechanism to further uplift the 
The Company adheres to the social responsibility philosophy of Energy Contribution, Scientific Development and Mutual Success , taking heed to the interests of shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, communities and regulatory authorities, etc, thereby blending the social responsibility philosophy into corporate strategy, cultural and production operation processes. In 2011, the Company set the goal of building a five-model enterprise that possesses quality and efficiency, intrinsic safety, technological innovation, resource conservation and harmonious development , monitoring the process with reference to feedback, increasing the efforts on carrying out social responsibility, advancing and enhancing safety production, technological innovation, low carbon economy and harmonious development, etc, taking a solid step on promoting the coordinated development of economic, environmental and social benefit.
2012: Clear awareness on Challenges and Opportunities, Carrying Out the Company s Development Strategy Actively In 2012, uncertainties will overshadow the international economic growth and the domestic economic environment will be even more difficult and complicated. In this year, the Company shall be facing increasing operating pressure while its competitive edge as an integrated enterprise will be further enhanced. The board of director of the Company has set its operational target and strategy of 2012 based on the operating strategy of making progress while maintaining stability : production volume of commercial coal in 2012 to reach 289.9 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year growth of 2.8%; sales volume of coal to reach 410.5 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year growth of 6.0%; power output dispatch to reach 199.6 billion kwh, representing a year-on-year growth of 19.1%.
Adhering to its development strategy of building a world first-class coal-based integrated energy enterprise with global competitiveness , China Shenhua will further strengthen its core corporate competitiveness. In 2012, China Shenhua will focus on the following major endeavors: " To realize its operational targets and create more values for the shareholders. The Company will balance the organizational structure and strengthen coordination and cooperation. The Company will take such internal measures that will tap into its potential and enhance management, and allocate implementation responsibilities. Externally, the Company will realize the growth of sales and revenue through expanding markets and seizing opportunities, to ensure the achievement of the 2012 operational goals.
" To steadily press ahead with its developmental strategy of establishing itself as a world-class enterprise. The Company will embrace every standard of being a world-class enterprise, improve the level, quality and result of our work by adhering to the basic working principle of revealing insufficiencies, proceeding with rectification and facilitating improvements , so as to emerge as the best in the world and further consolidate competitive edge as an integrated enterprise. It will transform its economic development mode so as to speed up clean coal utilization projects and comprehensive utilization projects and step up efforts in technological innovation, informatization, energy conservation and emission reduction, etc. It will also intensify its EVA assessment so as to perfect the economic development mode.
" To advance the mega-sales strategy in a pragmatic manner. Through strategic alliance with business partners, the Company will utilize its coal storage and transhipment base as a platform to explore new resources and markets at home and abroad, optimize the pricing mechanism as well as the coal source structure and service system, rationalize sales system and coordinate logistics resources, so as to implement the mega-sales strategy.
" To make more efforts in the domestic and overseas development of the Company. The Company will leverage on its advantage in securing the supply of coal and its integrated operation, actively expand the distribution of its business such as power source and steadily proceed with new projects; carry out the internationalization of the Company and accelerate the progress of its international projects.
" To continuously maintain production safety. The Company will unswervingly push forward the establishment of intrinsic-safety system by fully implementing accountability, execution and supervision, strengthening the standardization of safety quality, intensifying safety training and continuously implementing production safety measures.
" To persist in maintaining effective cost control. The Company will continue to implement its cost control measures regarding various operational and managerial areas such as production, procurement, sales and financing. It will further upgrade its refined financial management and strengthen risk control with a view to further consolidate its competitive edge brought by low-cost operation.
Facing new challenges and opportunities in 2012, China Shenhua will tackle the complex business environment in serious manner, embrace world-class standards, implement its development strategy, actively promote reforms and make unremitting efforts to realize its business goals in order to build China Shenhua into a world first-class coal-based integrated energy enterprise with global competitiveness, thus maximizing the return for 
