On behalf of the board of directors, I am delighted to present the 2010 annual report of China Shenhua and report to all shareholders on the Company s performance for the period.
In 2010, on the basis of steady growth of China s overall economy, China Shenhua continued to achieve healthy growth. The board of directors of China Shenhua pursued its core philosophy of value creation and led all employees to implement the development strategy of pursue scientific development, rebuild Shenhua and double economic aggregate output within five years .
Moreover, focusing on its growth target of building up a five-model enterprise , the board of directors of China Shenhua further consolidated the corporate management foundation and achieved growth in results of the Company through strengthening technological innovation, talent- prone strategy, cooperation and low-cost operation.
As at 31 December 2010, the market capitalization of China Shenhua reached US$76.003 billion, ranking the first among listed coal companies worldwide and the fourth among listed integrated mining companies worldwide.
Continued to Achieve Satisfactory Results both in Production and Operation and created More Returns for All Shareholders In 2010, the Company established the shipping segment to do shipping business. Under the balanced development of the five business segments, namely coal, power, railway, port and shipping, the Company hit new record high in operation results: " the production volume of commercial coal reached 224.8 million tonnes and sales volume reached 292.6 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year growth of 6.9% and 15.1% respectively; " the turnover of self-owned railway transportation was 150.3 billion tonne km, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.8%, and the seaborne coal sales volume reached 169.9 million tonnes, representing a year-on- year increase of 6.7%; shipping segment commenced a promising year with shipping volume of 25.9 million tonnes and shipment turnover of 21.9 billion tonne nautical miles for the period from July to December; " the total installed capacity of power plants reached 27,433 MW, representing a year-on-year growth of 16.6%; the total power output dispatch reached 131.41 billion kwh, representing a year-on-year increase 
" Revenues amounted to RMB152.063 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 25.3%; " Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was RMB38.132 billion, representing a year-on- year increase of 20.3%; " Basic earnings per share was RMB1.917, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.3%; " Net cash generated from operating activities was RMB57.209 billion, representing a year-on-year increase 
" The board of directors has recommended the distribution of final dividend for the year of RMB0.75 per share (inclusive of tax), accounting for 39.1% of basic earnings per share.
Further Enhanced Core Competitiveness with Balanced Development of 
In 2010, with balanced development of each business segment, the business layout of the Company was further optimized, and a more comprehensive industrial chain was formed through integration of coal, power, railway, port and shipping segments after the successful establishment of Shenhua Shipping Company. The core competitiveness of the Company was consistently enhanced accordingly.
Continued growth of coal segment. With a goal to achieve balanced and highly efficient coal production, the Company optimized the production organization and expanded the production capacity of the existing mines. During the year, the production volume of commercial coal reached 224.8 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.9%. The technological and equipment upgrade for coal mining were proceeding continuously. With the completion of the first 7-meter height fully-mechanized working face in the world at Shendong Mines, the production of unit shaft and recovery rate of resources have been significantly enhanced.
Further improvement of the throw-blasting explosive process with dragline excavators in Heidaigou open-cut mine has enhanced the production efficiency and capacity. Other projects including the technological upgrade and capacity expansion project for Daliuta coal selecting plant were proceeding steadily.
Advancing its mega-sales strategy, the Company was committed to becoming Walmart of the coal industry in China. Principally based on self-produced coal, the Company stepped up its efforts in coal purchasement from third parties. During the year, the sales volume of commercial coal reached 292.6 million tonnes, of which, the sales volume of coal purchased from third parties amounted to 72.4 million tonnes, representing a year- on-year increase of 61.6%. The Company focused on the development of high-end users market of metallurgy, construction materials, chemical and coal slurry, and improved the profitability per tonne of coal by adjusting product structure and developing high value-added products. The average sales price of commercial coal for 2010 was RMB426.8tonne, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.0%. By leveraging on its integrated logistics comprising self-owned railways, port and shipping, the customer base and marketing model of the Company were further broadened.
The Company continued to promote its internationalization process. In Australia, work related to Watermark Project, including the exploration, feasibility study and environmental assessment has made smooth progress.
The integrated coal and power project in South Sumatra, Indonesia is anticipated to be put into operation in 
Highly-efficient operation of transportation segment. The Company took various steps to tap the potential of the existing railway system, optimized the transportation organization, launched heavy-loaded trains with capacity of 10,000 tonnes and increased the number of return empty self-owned wagons. In addition, the Company accelerated the loading and unloading process and throughput capacity expansion for stations in order to further enhance the transportation capacity of railway. During the year, the renovation work of Shuohuang Railway were carried out progressively. The electrification of Baoshen Railway was completed and Shenshuo Railway completed capacity expansion for its four stations while Dazhun Railway completed the capacity expansion for its critical five stations. The capacity expansion project of Phase II of Huanghua Port was also completed with the seaborne capacity exceeding 100 million tonnes. The establishment of Shenhua Shipping Company input momentum to Shenhua s integrated model, which generated greater synergy for 
Rapid development of power segment. In 2010, the Company continued to develop clean coal-fired power projects, such as large-scale generators, high parameter, low coal consumption and comprehensive utilization of gangue, with installed capacity of coal-fired generator increased by 3,913 MW during the year. In order to increase the average utilization hours of power generators, the Company fully leveraged on its role as the marketing centre and actively promoted the development of direct power supply, substituted power generation and inter-grid power transactions. The total power output dispatch for the year reached 131.41 billion kwh, representing a year-on-year increase of 34.5%. The standard coal consumption for power output dispatch of coal-fired generators for the year was 327 gkwh, 8 gkwh below the average level in China.
The Company pursued the philosophy of value creation and low cost operation, continued to strengthen its refined management and accelerated the informationization and the development of the economic value added (EVA)-based performance appraisal system, resulting in further enhancement of quality of operation.
Indicators, including return on net assets and turnover of total assets and accounts receivable, were further improved compared with those of the previous year. Capital management level and centralized management control capabilities continued to improve.
Actively Performing Social Responsibility, Promoting Sustainable 
As always, the Company pursued its philosophy of corporate social responsibility as Energy Contribution, Scientific Development and Mutual Success in Harmony and realized growth consistently with the environment 
The Company actively carried out ecological management, emission treatment and integrated utilization at mining areas, enhanced the research and promotion in energy conservation and emission reduction technology, and continued to increase its resources utilization rate and reduce emission of pollutants, steadily implemented its strategy of safe, environment-friendly and sustainable development.
The Company persisted with its people-oriented and safety development policies. Through intensive promotion of the campaign Year for comprehensive implementation of intrinsic-safety management system , the Company strengthened the potential risk inspection and remediation at mines as well as their site production safety management at a leading standard. Focusing on enhancing our employees quality, the Company organized various training seminars and technological exchange as scheduled, creating a promising career development environment for employees whose professional quality has thus been further improved.
Through continuous improvement in corporate governance, strengthening internal control, adhering to operation in good faith and committing to public welfare, we achieved a win-win result in harmony with our relevant stakeholders, such as shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, creditors, community and 
Accelerate the Progress of Building Worldwide First-class Coal-based Integrated Energy Enterprise with Global Competitiveness It is expected that the global economy will recover slowly while the economy of China is expected to maintain a steady and relatively fast growth in 2011, which will boost more demand for energies including coal. China Shenhua will accelerate its development to become a worldwide first-class coal-based integrated energy enterprise with strong global competitiveness by continuously facilitating the development strategy of pursue scientific development, rebuild Shenhua and double economic aggregate output within 5 years .
In 2011, the Company will focus on the following aspects in relation to its development: " To accelerate the transition of economy development pattern. The Company will press ahead the clean coal utilization program to improve resource utilization rate, so as to realize highly efficient reduction of emission. In addition, the Company will intensify the assessment based on economic value added (EVA) and incorporate the value management into the whole course of corporate management, so as to improve the operating efficiency of the Company and shareholders return.
" To continue to enrich and improve Shenhua model. The Company will further promote the in-depth cooperation and resources sharing based on the integrated industry chain of coal, power, railway, port and shipping, in order to maximize the synergy and intensify the competitive edge of the Company.
" To persist in organic growth and external expansion simultaneously. The Company will accelerate the development of new mines, expand capacities and tap potential at the existing coal mines, actively promote strategic cooperation in form of joint-ventures or reorganization, optimize resource allocation and strengthen market competitive edge.
" To press forward the transition from a production-based enterprise to a marketing-oriented enterprise of coal. The Company will continue to implement the mega-sales strategy, strengthen and improve the brand image and servicing system of Shenhua. In addition, it will make market segmentation and product series and further optimize its marketing system in order to position China Shenhua as a coal energy distributor with low cost, quality products, good services, rapid response, high efficiency and sound reputation.
" To enhance the capability of independent innovation. The Company will unremittingly improve the innovation system for science and technology, ensure the successful implementation of high-tech research and development projects as well as the strategy of absorbing high-level talents, and promote the strategic cooperation in the globalization context in terms of products, knowledge, research and application.
" To boost the internationalization process. The Company will not only actively participate in international cooperation and competition, but also manage to expand markets and gain resources both at home and abroad. The Company will accelerate the progress of current international projects in Australia, Indonesia 
Faced with new development trend in 2011, we are confident to achieve our new objectives. With firm and strong confidence, China Shenhua will implement its development strategies steadily and actively promote reform with an aim to build China Shenhua into a worldwide first-class coal-based integrated energy enterprise with strong global competitiveness and create more value for all shareholders.

