Directors Discussion and Analysis in relation to Future Development Review and Prospect of Business Environment 1 1. Macroeconomic Conditions Review for 2013 Addressing the complicated domestic and international economic environment in 2013, the Chinese government focused on the improvement of the quality and efficiency of economic growth to reasonably formulate an overall plan for steady growth, structural adjustment and reform promotion, enhancing national economy steadily with positive social economic progress. In 2013, the gross domestic product (GDP) of China grew by 7.7% year-on-year to RMB56,884.5 billion, and consumer price index (CPI) recorded a year-on-year increase of 2.6%, the same level of increase as that of the previous 
1 This section is for reference only and does not constitute any investment advice. The Company has used its best endeavors to ensure the accuracy and reliability of information in this section, but does not assume any liability or provide any form of guarantee for the accuracy, completeness or validity of all or part of its content. If there is any error or omission, the Company does not assume any liability. The content in this section may contain certain forward-looking statements based on subjective assumptions and judgments of future political and economic developments; therefore there may exist uncertainties in these statements. The Company does not undertake any responsibility for updating the information or correcting any subsequent error that may appear. The opinions, estimates and other data set out herein can be amended or withdrawn without further notice. The data contained in this section is mainly derived from sources such as the National Bureau of Statistics, China Coal Market Network, China Coal Resource Network and China Electricity Council, etc.
Prospect for 2014 Looking into 2014, the Chinese government will continue to adhere to the key note of Making Progress While Maintaining Stability , and thoroughly intertwine reform and innovation with all aspects of economic and social development, maintain continuity and stability in macroeconomic policies, comprehensively advance its reform, expand the scope for opening up, and adopt innovation as a driver. GDP growth is expected to be around 7.5% in 2014, with CPI increase maintaining at around 3.5%.
Stability in macroeconomic development will be conducive to maintaining stability and growth in the demand for coal and other types of energy.
2. Market environment of the coal industry (1) Thermal coal market in China Review for 2013 In 2013, due to various factors including the sluggish global economy, excessive coal supply and continuous increase in imported coal, China s coal market was generally oversupplied. Coal price experienced great volatility, dropping substantially in the second and third quarters and rebounding in the fourth quarter, demonstrating a U shape. As at the end of 2013, the average price of Bohai Bay Thermal Coal Price Index had dropped to RMB590tonne, representing a year-on-year decrease 
In 2013, due to the continuous sluggish demand, the overall profitability of coal enterprises declined, leading to a remarkable slowdown in the growth of coal production, as witnessed by suspended or reduced production in some small- or medium-sized coal mines. China produced 3.68 billion tonnes of coal in 2013, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.8%. The rate of increase represented a year-on-year decrease of 3 percentage points.
Due to the impact of various factors including the domestic economic slowdown, in 2013, China consumed 3.61 billion tonnes of coal, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.6%, basically with the same level of increase as that of the previous year.
The volume of China s coal import in 2013 was 327 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year growth of 13.1%. The increase in the volume of imported coal led to higher volatility in domestic 
In 2013, as the coal market was relatively on the oversupply side, transportation of coal did not experience substantial tension in general. During the year, coal transportation volume through railways of China was 2.32 billion tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.6%. Coal outbound shipment through major ports in northern areas was 617 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.6%.
Prospect for 2014 In 2014, the Chinese Government will focus on maintaining steady economic development and economic growth is estimated at around 7.5%. A steady and progressive real economy will be conducive to maintaining a steady demand for coal.
The three provinces of Western China Three Xi (including Inner Mongolia, Shanxi, and Shaanxi) are still main growth drivers. It is expected that domestic coal production capacity will increase in 2014.
The coal production growth is, however, expected to slow down due to the implementation of environmental protection policies and control on output increase by the Chinese government.
Due to the impacts of coal demand and supply and price fluctuations in the international market, it is expected that the volume of imported coal will increase slightly in 2014.
To effectively tackle environmental problems, the central government of China will take further proactive measures to speed up the adjustment to the energy structure and to encourage the use of clean use and clean energy. In the long run, it is conducive to the promotion of clean development of coal.
The tension in railway transportation over the past two years will be eased to a certain extent. As regions with increased coal production are concentrated, transportation capacity is expected to be under stress at certain periods in 2014.
Demand for coal is expected to witness a slower growth in 2014. However, due to various factors including the strengthened production capacity and the volume of imported coal remaining high, the coal market will continue to see an oversupply in 2014, with regional or occasional coal surplus 
(2) Thermal coal market in Asia Pacific region Review for 2013 In 2013, dragged by international economic conditions, coal demand was relatively weak while supply continued to increase. Supply in the international coal market was ample, pushing coal prices down. The spot price of Australian BJ thermal coal lowered from US$94.45tonne at the beginning of 2013 to US$86.35tonne at the end of the year. The market witnessed an overall oversupply due to the depressed demands from traditional coal importing countries.
In 2013, Australia exported a total of 358 million tonnes of coal, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.5%. Indonesia exported 295 million tonnes of coal, representing a year-on-year increase of 9%.
Russia expanded its coal export scale to a total of 142.90 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.6%. The United States exported 108.66 million tonnes of coal, representing a year-on- year decrease of 4.7%.
The coal demand growth in the Asia Pacific region was mainly contributed by China and India. In 2013, India imported 152 million tonnes of thermal coal, representing a year-on-year growth of 21%.
Japan and South Korea maintained a stable level of coal import. Japan imported 191 million tonnes of coal, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.4%; South Korea imported 118 million tonnes of coal, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.4%.
Prospect for 2014 The coal supply in the Asia Pacific region will continue to increase in 2014. Major suppliers will be Indonesia and Australia. The supply from Russia, Mongolia Republic, the United States and other countries will witness a growing trend.
China and India will remain to be major coal consuming countries in 2014, but the growth in coal import will slow down. The coal consumption in countries such as Japan and South Korea is expected to remain steady in general.
In 2014, it is expected that on the basis of an oversupply in the international coal market, coal prices will remain stable on the whole and exhibit seasonal fluctuations.
(3) Market environment of the power industry Review for 2013 In 2013, power consumption in China was 5,322.3 billion kwh, representing a year-on-year growth of 7.5%. The power supply and demand in China were in overall balance, and could safely and steadily meet the demands at peak periods in summer. The growth in monthly power consumption in China increased in the beginning and fell subsequently, as witnessed by the gradual increase from 1.9% in March to 13.7% in August and the continuous decline since September.
In 2013, the power consumption of the primary industry remained stable basically, with a year-on- year growth of 0.7%; the power consumption of the secondary industry saw a year-on-year growth of 7.0%, lower than that of GDP; the power consumption of the tertiary industry and urban and rural residents saw a year-on-year growth of 10.3% and 9.2% respectively, maintaining a high level 
Due to the uncommon hot weather, the power consumption demand in the third quarter maintained at a high level. With the reduction in hydropower output, the annual utilization hours of thermal power equipment reached 5,012 hours, representing a year-on-year increase of 30 hours.
As at the end of 2013, the national installed capacity of thermal power generators amounted to 862 million kw, representing an increase of 36.8 million kw over that at the end of 2012, or an increase of 4.4%. Power generation through hydropower and new energies grew rapidly, with hydropower installed capacity of 29.93 million kw added in 2013, or an increase of 12.3% over that at the end of 2012. Installed capacity of wind power, solar power and nuclear power increased by 24.5%, 335.0% and 16.2% respectively from those at the end of 2012; and output power dispatch grew 36.3%, 143.0% and 14.0% respectively year-on-year, significantly higher than the national growth in total output power dispatch.
Prospect for 2014 The progressive macroeconomy in 2014 will be conducive to growth in electricity demand in China, but due to factors such as environmental protection and energy saving policies, and the high base in the summer peak in 2013, electricity consumption growth of China is expected to slow down in 
On the basis of adjusting energy structure and implementing environmental protection policies, clean energy will witness good development opportunities. It is expected that hydropower, nuclear power, wind power and solar power will maintain rapid growth in 2014.
The thermal energy investment was RMB92.8 billion in 2013, representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.4%, and continued the gradual downward trend since the 11th Five-Year Plan . It is expected the growth in the number of generators commencing operation will continue to slow down in 2014, which is conducive to steadily raising the utilization hours of thermal power generators.
In 2014, on the basis of stabilising growth and adjusting structure, power supply and demand in China will be in overall balance in 2014, and power consumption will maintain a stable 
(I) China Shenhua s main opportunities for future development: China s consistent economic growth, industrialization and urbanization will drive the demand for energies such as coal and power and the development of related businesses.
With the significance of coal in China s energy reserve and consumption structure remaining unchanged in the foreseeable future, new development opportunities are brought by the price reforms of energies such as coal and power.
Despite the shrinking market share of coal-fired power generation due to the optimization of power structure, coal-fired power generation still secures a leading position and there is an upward trend in its 
Macroeconomic requirements of acceleration of the transformation of economic growth pattern and adjustment of the economic structure and reform of the transportation industry will catalyze business upgrade and will be beneficial to the new growth in transportation and logistics industry.
Against the backdrop of the coexistence of diminishing demand growth of coal and sustained rapid growth of production capacity, promoting the development of coal chemical business will be beneficial to combating overcapacity of coal supply. Such solution is also an inevitable choice for PRC coal enterprises during the period of transformation and upgrading.
The merger and acquisition among coal enterprises eliminates obsolete capacity, promotes group-wide development to achieve economy of scale as well as a market-driven pricing mechanism; the power industry implements the expand big enterprises and eliminate small enterprises policy and facilitate the marketalization of pricing mechanism; and the construction of national and regional railways and transportation channels will bring new opportunities for acquisition and investment.
(II) China Shenhua s main challenges ahead: The structural change brought by the control of total energy consumption and non-traditional fossil fuels and new energy sources will affect the potential development of coal and coal-fired power in overall energy sources; various factors, including the relatively excessive supply, the increase in net coal import and the decrease in coal demand growth will add fluctuations to coal market and coal prices to 
With regard to the tightening regulations on energy and the environment, the potential risks encountered by energy development in terms of environmental and ecological protection will gradually increase; by issuing the Air Pollution Prevention and Control Action Plan and Implementation Rules of Action Plan against Air Pollution in Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei and Surrounding Areas , the government begins to carry out regional coal consumption cap pilot schemes, which will limit the total demand for coal. The entry requirements for coal exploitation and coal-fired power development and standards for energy saving and environmental protection and production safety, etc. are tightening, thus the approval of projects and rights will become more difficult.
The government steps up its efforts to adjust the power structure, and imposes a strict limit on the newly-installed capacity of coal-fired power; regulatory trends in quota on renewable energy sources and domestic compulsory carbon-emission reduction, as well as the reform of the pricing mechanisms for coal and power, will bring future uncertainties.
Restraints on water resources and significant investment in basic infrastructure are the key factors that hinder the development of the coal chemical business.
In the course of the Group s rapid expansion, the Company will face challenges in the in-depth and organic integration of corporate governance, operation management, production safety and human 
(III) Development Strategy of China Shenhua The development strategy of China Shenhua is to build itself into a world first-class coal-based integrated energy enterprise with global competitiveness.
Adhering to its strategy and with a focus on development, China Shenhua will optimize its integrated model and resource allocation on an ongoing basis, expand development potential and promote synergy among principal businesses, so as to enhance its competitiveness, profitability and risk resilience capacity. Meanwhile, China Shenhua will fulfill its social responsibilities and build itself into a reputable international company and create more value for its shareholders.
Stick to the principle that coal is the basis of the Company s integrated development.
On the premise of ensuring production safety, the Company will strengthen production of its self- produced coal, augment its production capacity, construct new mining areas, coordinate its suppliers of purchased coal and realize the sustainable development of coal production. Meanwhile, the Company will further implement its Mega-sales Strategy, in order to build Shenhua into the Walmart in China s 
Make full play of the role of power as both the stabilizer and the economic growth pole of the Company s coal business. The Company will continue to optimize its power structure, energy portfolio and development as well as extending the utilization of self-consumed coal and raising the proportion of clean energy sources for power generation. By leveraging on the advantages brought by the integration of coal, power and transportation, the Company will develop an integrated project of coal, power, port and storage along the coastal areas in East China, innovate the integration of coal and power in North-west China, set up an integrated business of coal, power, storage and logistics in Central China and along the rivers, and be alert to trends in new energy sources and react promptly to develop such potential sources, so as to strengthen the sustainable development of its power segment in all aspects.
Speed up the development of transportation business. Transportation is a pillar business which converts the Company s resource advantage into a development advantage. Grasping any suitable opportunities to speed up the development, the Company will optimize its transportation network, map out, construct and operate its principal railways, ports and piers, and shipping channels in seas and rivers along key regional markets, which are all connected to its coal reserve bases, so as to consolidate and develop its unique resource advantage.
Develop coal chemical business in an appropriate manner. The Company will promote the development of its coal chemical business according to national policies and its own capacity, with a focus on improving the safety, stability and full-loading of projects and enhancing profitability.
Taking strategic security of national energy and national layout of development priority zones as major considerations, the Company will deploy itself in more resourceful areas with higher water resource and environmental carrying capacity according to the overall development strategy of the coal business of 
Reasonably plan overseas development and proactively explore new businesses. The Company will improve its current overseas projects and coal import businesses in an active yet prudent manner after thorough planning and research. Basing on business integration, it will also nurture new economic growth poles by proceeding with its logistics, trade, safety, environmental protection and green energy projects, as well as its oxidized aluminium and shale gas projects.
Through the implementation of its development strategies, the Company will further enhance the controlling power, influence and leading role of its coal business, expand the market share and augment the support to coal business from its power business, leverage on and enhance the unique advantages of its transportation business, and exploit new businesses which are highly related to its 
Business Targets for 2014 In 2014, striving to make progress while maintaining stability, be innovative and build itself into a world first-class enterprise , the Company will step up its effort on cost control and implement countermeasures against risks to bring into full play the advantages of its integrated business model. Emphasis will be placed on further strengthening the marketing endeavors to develop coal sales market, leveraging on preferential policies and favourable opportunities to increase power generation, accelerating the railway capacity expansion projects and construction of new railways with multiple measures to tap on capacity and mitigate the bottleneck of transportation, and stabilising the operation of its coal-to-olefins operations.
The Company strives to accomplish its business targets for 2014 through coordinating and balancing growths in production, transportation and sales, and stepping up on efforts in control over expenditure and 
Capital requirement and funding sources For the Company s capital expenditure plan and funding sources in 2014, please refer to the chapter headed The Company s Investments .
At the 2012 first extraordinary general meeting and the 2012 annual general meeting of the Company, the Board of the Company was authorized: (1) a mandate on equity financing: to, by reference to market conditions and in accordance with needs of the Company, issue allot, and deal with, either separately or concurrently, additional domestic shares (A shares) and overseas-listed foreign invested shares (H shares) not exceeding 20% of each of the number of domestic shares (A shares) and the number of overseas-listed foreign invested shares (H shares) in issue at the time of passing this resolution at the annual general meeting. Pursuant to PRC laws and regulations, the Company will seek further approval from its shareholders at the general meeting for each issuance of domestic shares (A shares) even when this general mandate is approved.
(2) a mandate on debt financing: to determine the proposed issue of debt financing instruments of the Company within the limit of issuance, including but not limited to short-term debentures, medium- term notes, super short-term commercial papers, corporate bonds and enterprise bonds in the domestic market as well as Renminbi denominated bonds and foreign currency denominated bonds, etc. in overseas market (excluding convertible bonds that may be converted into equity securities).
As at the end of the reporting period, the Company successfully issued the first tranche of super short- term debentures for 2013 with proceeds of RMB10 billion and the first tranche of medium-term notes with proceeds of RMB5 billion 1 ; the Company has not exercised the mandate on equity financing.
Major risk exposures and their effects in 2014 (I) Risk of macroeconomic fluctuations The coal and power industries, in which the Company operates, are two of the fundamental sectors of the national economy and are closely correlated to the prosperity of the national economy. Albeit with a stable and upward trend and vast potential in 2014, China s economy will be confronted by unfavorable factors such as subdued momentum of demand growth, less competitive export and serious overcapacity. Uncertainties will still remain amid the steady paces of macroeconomy, which may materially affect the Company s results.
To cope with the risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, the Company will further strengthen the studies on relevant industrial trends, optimize business structure and press ahead with scientific management in line with the laws of economics to continuously upgrade the quality of development.
(II) Risk of market competition On the coal market, the uncertainties will become more complicated due to the prolonged coal oversupply and structural surplus, mainly attributable to historically high investment in the coal industry and coal import, national policies to mitigate overcapacity and control total coal consumption, and structural decrease in and environmental restriction on coal consumption. On the power market, despite the continuous expansion of power demand, competition in thermal power market will be more intense under the stricter regulatory policies due to structural adjustment, environmental requirements and application of ultra-high voltage power transmission technology. Such factors in market competition may have adverse impacts on the Company, such as lower sales prices of coal products and lower power generation than expected, and therefore affect the Company s business 
Responding to the risks in market competition, the Company will enhance surveys and studies on coal and power markets to increase the accuracy of market forecast. To optimize the mix of coal sales, transportation capacity will be scheduled in a centralized manner and coal trading and sale will be restructured. Innovative coal sale models will be promoted, including e-bidding procurement and futures to hedge risks, coupled with more efforts in new market development. To implement power plans more effectively through guidelines on power generation scheduling in major regions, the Company will carry forward direct supply to major clients and transactions on power generation rights, while accelerating development of clean energy sources including construction of wind power projects.
Under a sound working plan against market risks, efforts will be stepped up for the prompt alert of market anomalies to enhance resistance against market risks.
(III) Risk of changes in industry policies The Company s business activities are subject to the industrial regulatory policies in China. For the coal industry, there are major guidelines put forward by China s government such as increasing the consumption proportion of non-fossil energy to 11.4% and decreasing the emission of carbon dioxide per unit GDP by 17% compared to 2010 by year 2015 1 , as well as decreasing the consumption proportion of coal to below 65% by 2017 and seeking a negative growth in total coal consumption in Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei provinces, the Yangtze River Delta and the Pearl River Delta 2 . Such policies have an objective impact on the authorization of the Company s new expansion projects.
To cope with the risk of changes in industry policies, the Company will strengthen its research on the latest industry policies and regulations in the PRC, while pushing forward communications with the competent authorities and local governments as well as the organization and coordination of project authorization work. Meanwhile, the Company will press forward industrial upgrading and structural adjustment through a rational investment portfolio across the business segments, and strengthen the training and communications for project preparation teams to effectively advance the project 
