Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to present the 2015 annual report of China Shenhua and to report to all shareholders on the Company s performance for the period.
The year 2015 saw the global economic slump and the slower growth of the domestic economy. Demand in the coal market exceeded supply, coal prices continued to decline and the exposure to losses in coal enterprises expanded. As the growth in the demand of electricity consumption throughout the entire society decreased and power supply remained sufficient, thermal power enterprises were under increasing pressure in their operations.
The staff at all levels of China Shenhua have worked together and the Company has been committed to creating value as its key target, proactively implemented the development strategy of clean energy and focused on reducing the adverse impact on the Company from the downturn of the coal industry. It has strengthened strategic management, promoted structural adjustments to and transformation and upgrading of business, implemented income growth and cost reduction strategies simultaneously, enhanced marketing efforts in coal and power segments, improved the management of and control over costs, optimized the operation units of each of the business segments to achieve better operating results. In 2015, the Group realized the profit for the year of RMB24,959 million for the year and the profit for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company amounted to RMB17,649 million and basic earnings per share were RMB0.887.
China Shenhua was ranked ninth in the Platts Top 250 Global Energy Company Rankings , being the only coal enterprise among the top ten companies. On 31 December 2015, the total market capitalization of China Shenhua reached USD43.4 billion, ranking the first among all listed coal companies worldwide and the fifth among all listed integrated mining companies worldwide.
2015: BEING DETERMINED TO FOLLOW STRATEGIC GUIDANCE, ACCELERATING STRUCTURAL ADJUSTMENTS, OPTIMIZING OPERATION UNITS AND REALIZING CLEAN DEVELOPMENT Proactively accommodating the industry changes to expedite the adjustment of structural business 
Facing significant changes in the coal and power sector, the management of the Company made proactive response, timely refined strategic decisions and effectively promoted the structural business improvement through adjusting the capital expenditure and other methods to further augment the overall risk resistance capacity. The power generation business amounted to RMB18,810 million and the transportation business realized RMB11,553 million for the whole year, representing 81% in total as calculated based on the profit from operations of all business segments before elimination on consolidation under the International Financial Reporting Standards, becoming the main profit-making business segments. The stability of the profits from the two business segments mitigated significantly the impact of the continuous downward trend of the coal market.
Chairman s Statement (Continued) Enhancing marketing efforts in coal and power segments to actively expand the market Determined to implement the sales strategy of securing the quality while stabilizing the prices, the Company actively expanded markets in the southern areas along the three railway lines and in the shipping route from the sea to the Yangtze River. The tasks on clean coal replacement in key areas had proceeded smoothly. The exploration of overseas market had shown initial results, and the first batch of semi-coal had been exported to Korea smoothly. The Company had also continuously increased the sales proportion of seaborne coal, which was of the highest economic efficiency, to ensure maximization of sales efficiency. The sales volume of seaborne coal amounted to 203.8 million tonnes for the whole year, and the proportion of the sales volume of seaborne coal over the total sales volume increased by 2.7 percentage points as compared with that of 2014. The sales volume of clean coal in the newly explored Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region market was 8 million tonnes.
Against the backdrop of declining growth of demand and abundant supply, the Company enhanced marketing efforts in the power segment, actively participated in the market competition of direct power purchase by large power users and strived to expand into regional power markets. The average utilization hours of coal-fired power generators reached 4,631 hours, surpassing the national average utilization hours of thermal power generators by 
Delicately refining the organization and operations of business units to improve the integrated 
The production and organization of the coal business have been constantly optimized and efforts in improving the production and organization of high quality coal resources have been increased, while the production of the few mines which are of low quality coal resources, high costs and low profitability was suspended or reduced, and the production of the mines which are of high quality coal resources and high efficiency increased on the basis of reasonable control on the production volume. The Company strengthened management on coal quality, focused on improving additional value of products and created conditions for market expansion.
For the power generation business, China Shenhua enhanced the operation management of generators, strived for a higher amount of power generation, increased the consumption of self-produced coal on the basis of ensuring stable income from the power generation business, and effectively achieved the mutual insurance of the coal industry and power generation industry. Gross power generation amounted to 225.79 billion kWh, and total power output dispatch reached 210.45 billion kWh.
For the transportation business, the transportation schedule was reasonably arranged and the management of the convergence of the up-and-down-streams plans were enhanced. The impact of market fluctuation on transportation and sales was reduced to the minimum. The Company actively explored new businesses in the transportation and logistics industry, gradually opened the surplus transportation capacity to the general public and improved the economic efficiency of transportation business. During the whole year, the Company s self-owned railway completed a transportation turnover of 200.1 billion tonne km; seaborne coal volume of the Company s self-owned ports reached 158.5 million tonnes; and the shipping segment s freight volume amounted to 79.8 million tonnes. The transportation revenue earned by the railway segment from third parties increased by 6.1% year on year.
For the coal chemical segment, stable efficiency is ensured through optimizing production plans, enabling technological innovations, enhancing marketing efforts and other measures. During the year, sales volume of coal-to-olefins products reached 632.1 thousand tonnes, representing an increase of 18.5% as compared with the same period last year.
Producing significant positive results in cost management and control China Shenhua strictly executed cost and expense control measures, optimized the accountability system on review of cost and the incentive mechanism and strengthened the cost management and control on throughout the entire process and business chain to brace itself. Throughout the year, the Group s unit production cost of self-produced coal was RMB123.2tonne, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.7%. The unit cost of power sale decreased by 8.5% year-on-year to RMB229.4MWh.
Accelerating transformation and upgrading to lead clean development The Company took the lead in promoting the development and application of ultra-low emission technologies in coal-fired generating units to allow the actual emission level such as those of flue gas, sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides to reach the same or a lower level as compared with the emission standards for air pollutants produced by gas-fired power generators. National policies including the tariff subsidies lent support to ultra-low emission generator which established the Company s first-mover advantage in clean development of thermal power generation, and expanded room for efficiency development in respect of power generation for the Company. Additional and renovated ultra-low emission coal-fired power generators amounted to 17,960MW throughout the year, and the aggregate total installed capacity of ultra-low emission generators was 20,310 MW, representing 38.9% of the total installed capacity of coal-fired power generators of the Company.
The approval for Water Resources Preservation and Utilization in Coal Mining , a national key laboratory, was granted; Restoration Technology and Demonstration thereof for the Ecology of Large-scale Energy Base , Key Technologies for and Application Studies on Digital Mine as well as a number of other important technological projects proved to be a success, forming a clean exploitation system for coal.
Optimizing project decision to strengthen sustainable development capacity In view of the in-depth changes in the coal and the electricity market, guided by economic efficiency and clean production, the Company implemented the re-evaluation on projects under construction and proposed. For projects such as Phase I of the construction of Shouguang Power Plant which showed significant improvement in integrated operation efficiency and value creation, the Company expedited the construction progress and further optimized the relevant plans. Some construction projects with worse economic efficiency were terminated or suspended in order to avoid inefficient investment at the source. The Company enhanced the Company s competitiveness through scientific decision for project construction and investments.
The Company smoothly completed the acquisitions of the clean coal-fired generators of Ningdong Power, Xuzhou Power and Zhoushan Power under Shenhua Group. In 2015, the three power plants in total generated 19.27 billion kWh, which reinvigorated the clean and highly-efficient development of the Company s power generation 
The Company vigorously expanded overseas markets in order to create a good start through setting up an international layout. The operation of the PT.GH EMM Indonesia Project was running steadily and efficiently. The bids for Sumsel-1 Coal Power (2300 MW) project and Jawa-7 Coal Power (21,000 MW) Project in Indonesia were won. The Watermark Coal Project in Australia and the project in Russia proceeded orderly.
Persisting in safe and green development to build a socially responsible Shenhua The Company has been adhering to the social responsibility philosophy of striving for the accomplishment in production safety, high efficiency, clean development, environmental protection, harmony and win-win results in order to build a socially responsible Shenhua.
The Company solidly promoted the construction of fundamental safety system by devoting more efforts to checks and rectification of hidden safety hazards in order to continuously enhance the capability of safety control and management. The fatality rate per million tonnes of raw coal production was 0.003 in 2015, for which China Shenhua maintained an advanced level in respect of safety production in the worldwide coal industry.
Through setting up a comprehensive on-line monitoring platform, and accelerating the implementation of key construction projects concerning energy saving and environmental protection, the Company ensured the fundamental safety of energy saving and environmental protection. In 2015, the Company invested a total amount of RMB3.8 billion in energy conservation and environmental protection projects, which were mainly used in energy conservation projects such as boiler improvement and environmental protection projects such as comprehensive utilization of water resources. The total investment in ecological construction amounted to RMB0.24 billion million and additional green area amounted to 19.99 million m 2 .
For more information about our social responsibility efforts, please refer to the 2015 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of the Group.
2016: PROMOTING CLEAN DEVELOPMENT AS OUR ENDEAVORS TO ACCOMPLISH IMPRESSIVE 
In 2016, with the expectedly slow recovery of the overseas economies, the downward pressure will emerge the domestic economy. The pace of the adjustments to the global energy structure will speed up and the trend of lowering the consuming proportion of fossil fuel energy will be obvious and the demand of fossil fuel energy including coal will steadily decrease. It is foreseeable that the Chinese coal market will see continued over- supply in the short term, and such trend will further manifest itself in the thermal power market. As the Chinese government devotes constant efforts to facilitating the supply-side structural reform and even greater ones to resolving the excess capacity and fostering the reform in the electricity system, the structural adjustments to the coal and electricity sectors will accelerate even further.
China Shenhua will further push forward the adoptation of clean energy development strategies. Meanwhile, it will speed up the structural adjustments, seek the market share in the coal power sector, keep on improving the operation quality, impose stringent control over cost increment and effectively leverage its core competitive strength from its integrated operations as its endeavors to achieve operational targets. Main focus will be laid on the following tasks: Implementing structural adjustments to stimulate clean development. China Shenhua will continue to speed up the ultra-low emission renovation of coal-fired units, with a plan to complete ultra-low emission renovation for 26 units, with total capacity of 14,550MW throughout the year. The Company will also further optimize the coal production and project structure. By achieving safe, clean and highly efficient production at mines with a high level of performance, efficiency, modernization and safety, China Shenhua is committed to offering high value-added products. It will proactively promote the implementation of international energy cooperation projects through responding to the national policy of the Belt and Road . China Shenhua will expedite the construction of Sumsel-1, Jawa-7 and other projects as well, all the while making proactive efforts to explore the development in terms of new energy.
Exploring the market to ensure operating efficiency. China Shenhua will continue to devote more resources to the sale of seaborne coal, which is of the highest economic efficiency, exploring new markets unearthing clean coal replacement and pushing forward the export of coal. It will also improve the marketing system and mechanism for electricity as its endeavors to enable the utilization hours of its generating units to exceed the average level of the same type of generating units in the same region. On the basis of ensuring its self-operated coal transportation, China Shenhua will leverage abundant capacity of transportation and adopt an open business model and foster the collaboration with key enterprises in a bid to increase the inventries and categories of products and augment 
Increasing safety and environmental efforts to deepen technological innovations. China Shenhua will continue to optimize the risk pre-control management system, stringently implement safety production responsibility to ensure safety production, continuously optimize assessment and accountability mechanisms of environmental safety, improve the work in ecological environmental protection, increase investments in scientific research, accelerate the commercialization of achievement, and promote transformation and development of traditional industries with the new achievement in scientific innovations.
Strengthening cost management and control to lower operating risks. China Shenhua will strengthen, re-evaluate and re-improve the efficiency of new construction projects, reduce expenses from the source, optimize investment direction and structure, establish the accountability assessment mechanism of cost-reduction, strengthen the incentives for revenue allocation, continuously improve the allocation of remnant assets, endeavor to implement light asset operations and strengthen cash flow management to ensure the safety of the flow of funds.
In 2016, China Shenhua will be confident under the guidance of clean energy strategies, devote efforts to market expansion, optimize operating management, seize market opportunities, embrace market challenges, prevent operating risks and endeavor to accomplish sound and sustainable development to create greater value for public 
24 March 2016 
