Chairman s Statement 
In 2008, the Board of Directors of China Shenhua (the Board ) has led and worked with all its staff and has continued to lead its peers in the industry worldwide.
By leveraging on its unique business model integrated with coal, railway, port and power business, strong capital and healthy and stable financial performance, the Company responded calmly to dramatic changes of the operating environment, adjusted its structure and captured opportunities, thereby achieving remarkable results in return on equity, sales, production technology, business development, strategic layout and corporate governance. The Company has continued to maintain its fast-growing momentum. As at 31 December 2008, the total market capitalization of China Shenhua reached US$49.496 billion, ranking it first among global listed coal companies and second among global mining companies in terms of market capitalization. China Shenhua is a reliable large-scale energy company with substantial income, steady operations and sustainable growth.
On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to present the 2008 annual report of China Shenhua and report on its performance for the period.

Stable growth of results performance and return on equity of 
In 2008, China Shenhua hit another historical 
" Revenues reached RMB107.133 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB25.026 billion or 30.5%.
" Profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders of the Company reached RMB26.641 billion, representing a year-on- year increase of RMB6.06 billion or 29.4%.
" Net cash generated from operating activities reached RMB40.618 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB14.992 billion or 58.5%.
" Basic earnings per share reached RMB1.339, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB0.229 or 20.6%.
" The Board has recommended the distribution of a final dividend for the year of RMB0.46 per share (inclusive of tax). The percentage of cash dividend accounted for 34.4% of earnings per share.
Continuous and steady growth in production and operation In 2008, the coal segment produced commercial coal of 185.7 million tonnes and sold coal of 232.7 million tonnes, representing an increase of 27.7 million tonnes and 23.6 million tonnes over 2007 respectively or a year-on-year increase of 17.5% and 11.3%. The proportion of the sales volume of self-produced coal to total sales for 2008 increased to 79.8%, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.2 percentage points. China Shenhua has become the largest listed company in the PRC and the world in terms of coal production volume and sales volume. In 2008, the Company exported coal of 21.2 million tonnes and continued to maintain its position as the largest coal exporter in the PRC. The fatality rate per million tonnes of raw coal of the Company was zero, which created the best record in the coal industry of the PRC.
The Company managed to maximize its benefits by optimizing its coal sales structure, making timely adjustment to its sales strategy and endeavouring to overcome the impact of significant market fluctuation on sales. The average coal selling price for the whole year reached RMB378.6 per tonne, representing a year-on-year increase of 21.0%. Domestic long- term seaborne coal contract price reached RMB408.6 per tonne, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.4%. Domestic seaborne coal sales volume under long-term contract was 95.6 million tonnes, accounting for 41.1% of the total sales volume of the Company. Export selling price reached RMB577.2 per tonne, representing a year-on-year increase of 45.0%.
The Company continued to speed up mine construction and upgrade. Construction of mines of the 10-million tonnes class in Shendong Mines was perfected. By extending the working face and promoting application of technologies such as domestic manufactured 6.3-metre high mining hydraulic supporters, the Company facilitated construction of comprehensive large- scale outstanding model mines through coal production, equipment maintenance, scientific research and teaching, recycled use of resources, environmental protection and residential area management. The Bu ertai Coal Mine of Wanli Mines adopted advanced underground comprehensive mining technologies with a production volume of 5.3 million tonnes. The technological reform of Heidaigou Coal Mine of Zhunge er Mines was completed. Large-scale open-cut mine dragline bucket operated at its designed capacity, resulting in a sharp increase in production efficiency and a reduction in mining costs. The production volume of Zhunge er Mines reached 29.3 million tonnes, representing a year- on-year increase of 16.3%. The production volume of Shengli Mines exceeded 10 million tonnes for the first time and reached 10.9 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 75.8%.
The Company has maintained its leading position in coal reserve among its peers of the world. As at 31 December 2008, by reference to the PRC standard, recoverable coal reserve of China Shenhua reached 11,457 million tonnes. By reference to the internationally recognized JORC standard, the Company had marketable coal reserve of 7,139 million tonnes.
The Company made real progress in its overseas development strategy. In October 2008, the Company won its bid for the mining lease in the Watermark exploration area of Australia. It is initially estimated that thermal coal resources of the area exceeds one billion tonnes. The Company has taken its first step in developing coal resources overseas. The Company has also invested in a coal and power integrated project in the South Sumatra Province of Indonesia, comprising of an open-cut mine with annual capacity 2.3 million tonnes and a 2X150MW coal- fired power plant.
The Company has strengthened the construction of its transportation network to improve scheduling efficiency and to further expand railways and ports capacities. In 2008, the turnover of the Company s self-owned railway transportation reached 123.3 billion tonne km, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.7%. In 2008, the volume of seaborne coal reached 139.4 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.0%.
In 2008, against the backdrop of a drastic decline in domestic power demand, a sharp rise in fuel cost and general losses of power enterprises, the Company strengthened its power segment by refining its management and effectively controlling its costs, thereby achieving the profit target for its power segment. As at 31 December 2008, the Company controlled and operated 14 thermal power plants with a total installed capacity of 18,001 MW, representing a year-on- year increase of 19.3%. The Company has a total of 54 coal-fired generation units with single unit generation capacity reaching 333MW. In addition, the Company also initiated green energy projects and commenced wind power business in Zhuhai, China, the installed capacity of which reached 16 
To contribute to building a 
The year of 2008 was an extraordinary year for China during which the Chinese people experienced the haze of severe natural disasters such as the snow storm and the strong earthquake in Wenchuan, successfully hosted the Olympic Games and, astronauts of Shenzhou VII made space walk a reality. Being a large energy company, China Shenhua undertakes to fulfill its social responsibility. To ease the tight supply of thermal coal and power and to ensure normal coal and power supply for production and living in areas affected by snow disasters. In early 2008, the Company made great efforts to increase production and better schedule transportation to ensure supply to key thermal coal users and increase fulfillment ratio of thermal coal contracts, and has achieved good results. In the wake of the strong earthquake in Wenchuan, the Company and its staff actively donated money and materials to the disaster-striken areas and gave support to people in such areas to defeat natural disasters and rebuild their homes. The Company also supported the hosting of the Olympic Games in Beijing in various ways, including full guarantee of the supply of coal and power in areas where the Olympic Games was held, participation in the Olympic Torch Relay and arranging volunteer drivers to assist transportation services during the Olympic Games. For detailed information, please refer to the 2008 annual corporate social responsibility report of the Company.
Full confidence in meeting challenges in the new year Looking ahead into 2009, due to the international financial crisis, it will be the most difficult year of the new century for economic development of the PRC. The Chinese government is implementing the macroeconomic control policy of expanding domestic demand, maintaining growth and adjusting structure and has successively introduced new economic stimulus plans and various industry revival plans. Besides, it has also implemented positive financial policies to increase government investment, domestic demand and consumption and facilitate the strategic adjustment of the economic structure.
These measures will drive up the development of the economy in the PRC and ensure the achievement of the full-year target of a GDP growth of 8%.
" Affected by the economic downturn in downstream industries, the growth in coal demand has slowed down. Power demand has slowed down due to the changes in the economic environment. The installed capacity will continue to increase while the utilization hours of thermal power generation units will continue to drop; " Due to the accelerating reorganization of coal and power industry, competition has become intense. Some enterprises have extended production chain and have replicated the integrated operation model of 
In face of challenges, we are full of confidence. In the coming year, we will strengthen our core competitive edges and boost our professional upgrade and restructuring to achieve sound and fast 
In 2009, China Shenhua is confronted with various challenges in its operations, which mainly include 
" The financial crisis is extending to the fundamentals of the economy and the economy of China and the world are slowing 
" Increase in pressure on cost control.
Factors such as price increase in raw material, increase in coal mining related tax and increase in investment on energy saving and emission reduction all drive further rises in costs; and " Challenges to risk prevention. Turbulence and complexity of the market, that have not occurred in previous years, pose severe challenges to the Company on its ability to prevent and manage risks.
China Shenhua has built a solid foundation to cope with challenges in 2009. Our competitive advantages include the following: " The mature and stable business model of China Shenhua with integrated coal, railway, port and power business, coal production capacity of the 100-million tonnes class and supporting ancillary transportation systems together ensure considerable market share in coastal thermal coal 
" Ample operating cash flow and low gearing ratio ensure sufficient funds for business expansion and strategic development of the 
" The Company has abundant coal resource reserve and maintains a leading position in mining technologies and production 
" The power segment of the Company has been leading in generation unit operation efficiency among its peers for a period of time and has been equipped with good and 
Therefore, we are full of confidence and have the ability to overcome difficulties and turn them into opportunities. We will actively change our mode of development and increase our efforts on strategy management, resources acquisition, market exploration, refined management, independent innovation, risk control management and talents development and preservation, with a view to creating a solid foundation for the new 
In the coming years, the Company will step up its efforts to accelerate its development and achieve its grand goals to pursue scientific development, build a new Shenhua and double economic aggregate output in five years and will continue to pursue the building of an enterprise featuring intrinsic safety, quality & efficiency, technological innovation, resource preservation and harmonious development with an aim to building a world-leading integrated energy company.
To realize development targets, the Company will mainly carry out the following: " Coordinate production, transportation and sales focusing on sales, adjust the industrial structure and plan of the Company through investment and capital operation, progressively increase production capacity with the support of specialized ancillaries, adjust development mode with the quality, efficiency and sustainable development as target, with a view to procuring in-depth development of the Company and improve competitiveness of the Company; " Capture favourable market opportunities to facilitate domestic and overseas acquisition with a focus on new large-scale integrated coal fields, and develop new business growth points by leveraging on integrated competitive advantages of the Company; " Promote development of the Company towards high-end products, technologies and markets and proceed with intensive processing of coal products in order to increase the added-value of products and develop new markets; " Enhance the Company s efforts on refining management and strictly control operating costs and expenses with an aim to broaden income sources and reduce expenditure and 
" Increase investment in technological innovation, enhance research and transformation on domestic production of equipment, environmental protection, coal quality improvement, clean-coal-fired power generation, CO 2 capturing and sealing and energy saving and emission reduction to achieve sustainable development of the Company; " Strengthen risk control, enhance risk prevention awareness, reinforce forward- looking research on decision making and ensure steady development of the Company amidst various unfavourable factors under the current economic environment; and " Actively develop and preserve talents and endeavour to ensure the well being of its staff to prepare for the long-term development of the Company.
The Board of Directors of China Shenhua and I will, with full confidence, lead all staff to meet challenges and capture opportunities with a view to pursuing continuous development and creating new value for shareholders.

