Chairman s Statement 
The overall business environment was very difficult in 2011. Affected by the decline in product prices and slowdown in sales, the Group s operating results dropped substantially. Compared with last year, revenue for the year decreased by 5.1% to HK$7,379 million and profit attributable to shareholders decreased by 69.0% to HK$233 
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK Intermediates and Bulk Drugs Business Vitamin C Series With a substantial addition of production capacity in the market, the vitamin C market faced the severe challenge of excess supply and price decline in 2011. The average selling price of pure vitamin C powder has dropped by nearly 29% as compared with last year. Amid the fierce competition, apart from solidifying its existing market share, the Group also endeavoured to expand its customer base. Compared with last year, sales volume for the year managed to increase by 15%, while revenue decreased by 15.8% to HK$1,747 
It is expected that market supply will remain excessive, exerting great pressure on selling prices. Faced with this difficult operating environment, the Group will formulate strategies to minimize the adverse impact. The key initiatives in 2012 include: (i) obtaining international accreditation and expanding the business in worldwide high- end market; (ii) strengthening business relationship with existing customers and further developing new end-user customers; (iii) developing regional markets with market potential, including Eastern Europe, South America and Southeast Asia; and (iv) further enhancing product differentiation to meet the requirements of different customers, strengthening business relationship through customised service.

In 2011, market competition and government policies have severely affected the antibiotic industry. Market demand weakened and product price showed a continued decline. The operating environment was particularly difficult in the second half of the year. During the year, the Chinese government promulgated the Administrative Measures on the Clinical Use of Antibacterial drugs (Consultation Draft) , imposing a more stringent control on antibacterial drugs and regulating the volume used in hospitals. Following implementation of the new GMP in China, certain manufacturers expanded production capacity and modified production line at the same time. Besides, with the tender system orientated towards the lowest-price bidder, tender price and purchase volume of antibiotic drugs both dropped significantly. All these factors led to a slowdown in market demand for bulk drugs and a decline in product price, pessimistic sentiment prevailed in the market. Under this tough market environment, the Group devised various marketing strategies and made every effort to secure new customers in the domestic and overseas markets.
Sales volume for the year managed to increase slightly as compared with last year whereas revenue decreased by 5.1% to HK$3,092 million.
Market competition is still expected to remain keen in 2012. Given that price level has been staying at a very low level for some time, it is expected that the market players, for the sake of survival and profitability, will make possible a slight rebound. The Group will continue to improve production technology, flexibly adjust marketing strategies according to market changes and reinforce product penetration in order to improve the performance of this business and expand its market presence.

BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK (continued) Finished Drugs Business Through effective marketing strategies and development of end-user markets, this business saw a relatively satisfactory growth in the first half of 2011. However, following the adoption of Anhui model (lowest-price bidding) in essential drug tenders across China and the promulgation of the Administrative Measures on the Clinical Use of Antibacterial drugs (Consultation Draft) , market conditions aggravated in the second half of the year. Not only the tender prices of essential drug products fell significantly in every province, the volume used in the basic-tier medical institutions also reduced noticeably.
During 2011, satisfactory results were achieved from the Group s effort to expand sales to end-user customers by the establishment of new local offices in addition to its existing provincial offices. Under the tough market conditions of essential drugs, sales volumes of the Group s major products including amoxicillin capsules and ceftriaxone sodium injections remained stable or even recorded a slight growth, far surpassing other market players. Regarding non- essential drugs, sales volumes of products with high gross margin including meropenem injections and traditional Chinese medicine injections rose significantly through enhancing sales network and using of effective sales strategies.
Notwithstanding the tough challenges, revenue of this business for the year increased by 6.4% to HK$2,423 million.
Looking forward to 2012, the overall essential drug market will continue to be under the shadow of the macro policies concerning tender system, drug price cut and regulation of the use of antibacterial drugs. However, being the most major type of drug among the anti-infective, antibiotics has been occupying a mainstream position in the market for its efficacy, low price level and wide application. With the natural growth and ageing of population, migration of people from rural to urban areas, improvement of the basic medical insurance system and promotion of essential drugs in China, overall usage of antibiotics will be able to maintain a growth momentum, though at a restrained growth rate. On the other hand, the implementation of new GMP will lead to a higher requirement for investment and product quality management. This will accelerate the phase-out of small and medium manufacturers and the market will be more concentrated in large enterprise as the Group.
In 2012, the Group will continue to devise new sales strategies, improve sales channels and develop end-user market. It will also step up its efforts in product registration and market development in the international market, striving to expand its export business. Regarding product portfolio, the Group will put more efforts in the sales of non-antibiotic products and speed up the development and launch of new products with a view to reducing its dependence on antibiotic products.

As market conditions of all the operating units are expected to remain difficult, the overall operating results of the Group in 2012 will continue to be under pressure. The Group will adopt the operating strategies mentioned above and strive to alleviate the adverse impact of the market challenges. We are confident that we would be able to overcome these challenges and further consolidate our leading position in the market.

Liquidity and financial position In 2011, the Group s operating activities generated a net cash inflow of HK$358,305,000. The Group used to grant a credit period of up to 90 days to customers. As the operating environment became unfavorable, the Group extended the credit period during the year in order to secure more sales. As a result, debtor turnover period (ratio of the total balance of trade and bills receivables to sales, inclusive of value added tax for sales in China) was lengthened in the current year, increasing from 81 days in last year to 87 days. As sales slowed down in the fourth quarter of the year, the inventory level was also higher at the end of the year. Inventory turnover period (ratio of inventory balance to cost of sales) increased from 80 days in last year to 102 days. As at 31 December 2011, current ratio of the Group was 1.4, which was slightly lower than 1.8 a year ago. Capital expenditure in relation to the additions of production facilities amounted to HK$879,361,000 for the current year.
As at 31 December 2011, total bank balances and cash amounted to HK$1,066,649,000 and total borrowings amounted to HK$2,028,938,000. Out of the total borrowings, HK$880,880,000 will be repayable within one year and the remaining HK$1,148,058,000 repayable between two to three years. Net gearing ratio (calculated on the basis of the Group s total borrowings net of bank balances and cash over total equity) increased to 15.9%, as compared with 6.6% of last year.
42% of the Group s borrowings are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, 8% in US dollars and the remaining 50% in Renminbi. The Group s revenue is mainly denominated either in Renminbi or in US dollars. The Group has been monitoring closely the currency movement and will use appropriate hedging arrangements to reduce the foreign exchange risk when considered necessary.

The Company and one of its subsidiaries are named as, among others, defendants in a number of antitrust complaints filed in the United States. These complaints alleged that certain manufacturers of vitamin C in the PRC have since at least December 2001 conspired to control prices and volumes of exports of vitamin C to the United States and elsewhere in the world and that as such have been in violation of the federal and state laws of the United States. Up to the date of this report, four antitrust complaints have been served on the Company and three antitrust complaints have been served on the subsidiary.
The directors and management of the Company intend to contest the claims set out in the antitrust complaints vigorously. The Company and the subsidiary have appointed legal advisers to advise them in the legal proceedings and the outcome of the antitrust complaints cannot be reliably estimated with reasonable certainty at this stage.
Further information on the antitrust complaints is set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.

At the end of the reporting period, the Group had about 10,205 employees. The majority of them are employed in mainland China. The Group will continue to offer competitive remuneration packages, discretionary share options and bonuses to staff based on the performance of the Group and the individual employee.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to take this opportunity to express our appreciation to our shareholders for their support and to our staff for their contribution and diligence for the year.
By order of the Board 
Hong Kong, 30 March 2012 