Chairman s Statement 
Driven by the vitamin C and finished drugs businesses, the Group continued to record growth in its results for 2009. Revenue and profit attributable to shareholders for the year amounted to approximately HK$7,032 million and HK$971 million, representing an increase of 3.0% and 3.2% respectively as compared to last year, the historical high since our listing.
The Board of Directors recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK24 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2009.
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK Intermediates and Bulk Drugs Business Vitamin C Series Under the impact of the financial crisis, the demand from overseas market declined slightly in 2009. However, the balance of supply and demand was maintained and product prices remained at high level. Revenue and operating profit of the business for the year reached HK$2,222 million and HK$1,120 million, representing an increase of 3.0% and 14.6% respectively as compared to last year.
In 2009, the Group actively developed the overseas market and strengthened the business relationship with major end-user customers. The number of customers with annual purchase of over 100 tonnes continued to increase. The Group also made significant achievement in expanding into the high-end pharmaceutical market. In addition to the award of GMP certificate from Germany last year, the Group obtained GMP certificate from Japan during the year and passed the US FDA on-site inspection in February 2010. Being the only PRC vitamin C manufacturer qualified to enter the international high-end pharmaceutical market, the Group is endowed with a new opportunity for further 
The market is expected to be increasingly competitive in 2010. The Group will consolidate its leading edge by enhancing its technological standard, increasing the proportion of sales to end-user customers and actively exploiting the international high-end pharmaceutical market and emerging market.

The penicillin business faced a difficult operating environment in 2009. Over-capacity has been aggravated by the significant expansion of production capacity by competitors, leading to weak selling prices. Leveraging on the advantages of product quality and production cost, the Group was able to maintain its market share with similar sales volume as last year. The operating environment of the cephalosporin business remained stable in 2009. With the increase in sales volume of the new product cefuroxime acid , this business has achieved satisfactory growth in 
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK (continued) Intermediates and Bulk Drugs Business (continued) Antibiotics Series (continued) During the year, the Group further achieved vertical integration through the acquisition of a major raw material supplier, effectively reducing its production costs and strengthening its competitive advantages. The Group also expanded into the business of GCLE, a cephalosporin intermediate, through the acquisition of 90% equity interest in CSPC Cenway (Tianjin) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. to improve its product mix. In addition, the construction of a production workshop with annual capacity of 600 tonnes was completed, further extending the product chain to include downstream products such as cefotaxime sodium, cefuroxime sodium and cefixime.
With the gradual improvement in market environment and contribution from new products, the performance of this business is expected to be able to improve.
Finished Drugs Business In 2009, the finished drugs business maintained its growth momentum with revenue increasing by 10.1% to HK$2,189 million as compared to last year. The revenue of antibiotics, health supplements and cardio-cerebrovascular products amounted HK$1,734 million, HK$147 million and HK$87 million, representing 79.2%, 6.7% and 4.0% of the revenue of this business respectively. The newly acquired business of TCM ( Traditional Chinese Medicines ) and intravenous infusion solution products also contributed revenue of HK$52 million. With the improvement of product portfolio, the gross profit margin of this business increased to 29.9% while its operating profit rose to HK$142 
The PRC government s vast investment in improving the medical and healthcare services and expanding the medical insurance coverage has driven the demand for pharmaceutical products. To seize the opportunities, the Group has established a specialised sales force, which focuses on developing the end-user market in county hospitals, township health centers and community healthcare service centers, in order to increase its market share. Moreover, the Group also endeavoured to enhance the product portfolio by increasing the proportion of products with high margin. During the year, apart from the acquisition of the business of TCM and intravenous infusion products, the Group was able to boost the sales of high margin products including vitamin C supplement Guo Wei Kang and meropenem injection through effective marketing strategies.
Looking ahead to 2010, the Group will formulate effective strategies in light of the progress of the medical reform and strive to capitalize on the growth opportunities. Apart from active market expansion, the Group will also step up its research and development effort with focus on antibiotics (carbapenem type), cardiovascular medicines (lowering of blood pressure, blood lipid and blood glucose) and anti-tumor medicines and carry out international drug registration in order to achieve the goal of sustainable and rapid development. With effective implementation of the growth strategies, we believe that finished drugs will be developed as the leading business segment of the 
Liquidity and financial position In 2009, the Group s operating activities generated a net cash inflow of HK$1,567,697,000. Capital expenditure in relation to the addition of production facilities amounted to HK$594,224,000. As at 31 December 2009, current ratio of the Group was 1.5, same as last year. As customers increased the use of bills for settlement, debtor turnover period (ratio of the total balance of trade receivables and bills receivables to sales, inclusive of value added tax for sales in the PRC) increased from 49 days in the previous year to 73 days in the current year. Inventory turnover period (ratio of inventory balance to cost of sales) shortened from 106 days in the previous year to 75 days in the 
FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued) Liquidity and financial position (continued) The Group s financial position remained strong. As at 31 December 2009, total bank balances and cash amounted to HK$1,493,800,000 and total loans amounted to HK$1,596,218,000 (comprising bank loans of HK$1,567,809,000 and loan from a jointly controlled entity of HK$28,409,000). Out of the loans, HK$880,782,000 will be repayable within one year and the remaining HK$715,436,000 repayable between two to five years. Net gearing ratio (calculated on the basis of the Group s total loans net of bank balances and cash over shareholders equity) further decreased from 8% a year earlier to 2% as at 31 December 2009.
46% of the Group s loans are denominated in Hong Kong dollars or US dollars and the remaining 54% in Renminbi.
The Group s revenue is mainly either in Renminbi or in US dollars. The Group believes that its exposure to foreign currency risks is not significant, but we will monitor closely the currency movement.
Pledge of assets As at 31 December 2009, bank deposits of HK$50,637,000 (2008: HK$2,048,000) were pledged to banks to secure short-term banking facilities.

As disclosed in the press announcement of the Company dated 22 February 2005, the Company and one of its subsidiaries were named as, among others, defendants in a number of antitrust complaints filed in the United States. Up to the date of this announcement, four antitrust complaints have been served on the Company and three antitrust complaints have been served on the subsidiary.
The directors and management of the Company intend to contest the claims set out in the antitrust complaints vigorously. The Group has appointed legal advisers to advise them in the legal proceedings and the outcome of the antitrust complaints cannot be reliably estimated with reasonable certainty at this stage.
Further information on the antitrust complaints is set out in note 42 to the consolidated financial statement.

As at 31 December 2009, the Group had about 10,623 employees. The majority of them are employed in the PRC.
The Group will continue to offer competitive remuneration packages, discretionary share options and bonuses to staff based on the performance of the Group and the individual employee.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to take this opportunity to express our appreciation to our shareholders for their support and to our staff for their contribution and diligence during the year.
By order of the Board 
Hong Kong, 9 April 2010 