Chairman s Statement 
In 2014, the global economy saw a tough recovery with increasing uncertainties, economic growth remained weak.
Despite the changes in the global landscape, the Chinese economy maintained a relatively strong growth momentum with fundamentals remaining unchanged. Economic policies in China have been adjusted in order to promote transformation and upgrades, eliminate old and excess production capacities and accelerate the development of emerging industries. Overall economy remained strong with economic growth smoothly transiting from policy-driven to organic-driven. These changes in the external economic environment have provided opportunities for the Group to develop and transform its business. In order to ensure sustainable growth, the Group will continue to actively engage in the development of new drugs, promote overseas expansion and strengthen its leading position in the bulk drug 
Along with the continued expansion of the economy and the increase in scale of the urban cities in China, there has been a new round of hospital expansion. This round of hospital expansion is mainly represented by the tier-3 general hospitals, focusing on the construction of modern ward buildings, establishment of sub-hospitals and branches in the new urban areas, and establishment of healthcare centers in the communities. In terms of medical services, expansion in oncology diagnosis and treatment is one of the most important directions. This development enables the general hospitals to have an expanding coverage and improving service standard for their oncology treatment 
With the accelerated ageing of population, progress of urbanisation policies and increase in people s income level, the demand for pharmaceutical products in China is expected to have a continuous increase. The prevalence rate of hypertension and dementia has been steadily rising over the years due to continuing growth of China s ageing population. With these two massive patient groups, there is a great market potential for the Group s Xuanning and Oulaining products. On the other hand, the prevalence rate of cancer and corresponding demand for treatment are also increasing over the years, mainly due to ageing, urbanization, industrialization and changes in life-style and dietary habits. The expansion of hospitals, expansion of the medical reimbursement scope and higher affordability of patients will ensure that the demand for medical treatments is more able to be met.
GROUP S BUSINESS OUTLOOK Innovative Drug Business The Group will continue to implement the market strategy of market differentiation, professional marketing and brand building . In addition, the Group will follow closely the national and provincial medical insurance and tender policies in order to seize policy opportunities and minimize risks. With its increasingly mature sales network, expanding professional sales team, and exceptional product efficacy and quality, the Group s innovative drug business is expected to achieve rapid growth in the coming years and increase its contribution to the Group.

GROUP S BUSINESS OUTLOOK (continued) Common Generic Drug Business The Group will conduct in-depth study on policies in relation to essential drugs and low-priced drugs. Leveraging on its quality, brand, product chain and other competitive advantages, the Group will actively participate in tenders and extend its focus of tenders to the county level. Low-priced drugs will be an important driver of profit growth for the common generic drug business in the future. In addition, the common generic drug business will implement professional marketing plans for the specialty drugs and promote the professional knowledge of specialty drugs in the lower-tier medical institutions. The Group will also strengthen its sales force and network development, and will establish strategic partnerships with end-market operators covering the lower-tier market network. It is expected that the common generic drug business will continue to achieve steady growth in 2015.
Bulk Drug Business In respect of the bulk drug business, the Group will continue its efforts in technological upgrades and production costs reduction in order to maintain its leading position in the industry. Currently, the Group has received U.S. FDA approvals for 6 bulk drugs and 5 bulk drug production workshops. The Group will also continue its efforts in high- end quality certification and product quality enhancement, and will continue to closely monitor changes in the market and timely adjust its operating strategies. After several years of intense competition, the bulk drug market is showing a steadily upward trend. With its leading position in the industry, the bulk drug business of the Group is expected to continue to achieve steady growth in 2015.

Hong Kong, 24 March 2015 