Chairman s Statement 
In 2012, the pharmaceutical industry showed a relatively higher growth in comparison to other industries amid slower economic growth in China. Apart from the industry s own development, expansion in the market capacity and support from government policies were also vital to the progression.
With further reforms to China s healthcare system, the pharmaceutical industry has evolved and hygiene standards for drugs and food are being enhanced. After the promulgation of several related policies by the government last year, the standard of management in the pharmaceutical industry was improved and the entry threshold was raised. This has promoted a pattern of healthy development in the market environment.
In 2012, the Group has accomplished strategic transformation. While consolidating its leading advantages in the conventional business, the Group also actively explored the market of new drugs and continued the globalisation of products. The Group believes that it will continue to achieve satisfactory growth in the 
SUCCESSFUL STRATEGIC TRANSFORMATION In 2012, the Company successfully acquired three pharmaceutical enterprises, namely CSPC Ouyi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( OYY ), CSPC NBP Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( NBP ) and CSPC XNW Pharmaceutical Joint Stock Co., Ltd. ( XNW ) to achieve strategic transformation from a manufacturer of bulk drug products to that of innovative and branded drugs. This formed a pattern of development that focuses on innovative and branded drugs together with a diversified product range, and established a new business model of high growth, high profit and volatility resistant.
ACTIVE EXPLORATION IN THE INNOVATIVE DRUG MARKET After several years of development, the new business has established a strong marketing team for innovative drugs and a sales network covering hospitals of different classes throughout the country. Rapid growth in sales and market shares of the Group s existing innovative drugs, such as NBP , Oulaining and Xuanning series, has been recorded since they were launched. In January 2013, NBP brand was honoured as a China s Well-known Trademark and Xuanning was awarded the State Technological Invention Award (Second Class).
In 2012, the revenue of the above three product series amounted to approximately HK$1,291 million, representing an increase of 103% over the previous year. In the coming years, the Group will further strengthen its sales teams and explore the markets for new applications of the innovative drugs, aiming to expand the business volume of each existing or newly developed drug and establish a leading position in 
CONTINUATION OF PRODUCTS GLOBALISATION The Group has 34 production lines granted new domestic GMP accreditation in China. The Group also promoted high quality management by progressively introducing advanced management concepts from Europe and U.S.. The Group has obtained 14 CEP certificates and 27 DMF registration numbers, and owns 4 products which have passed the site inspection by the European Union or its member countries.
The Group also has 9 products, including meloxicam, tramadol HCI (bulk drug and tablet) and clopidogrel hydrogen sulfate tablet, which have passed the U.S. FDA site inspection. This indicates that the standard of the Group s quality management is comparable with the advanced standards in Europe and U.S., and its products are able to gain a presence in high-end overseas markets.

CONSOLIDATION OF LEADERSHIP IN THE BULK DRUG BUSINESS In 2012, the Group continued to consolidate its competitive advantages in the bulk drug business. Despite the fact that the major bulk drugs, such as vitamin C and penicillin, faced a number of challenges, the Group was able to maintain its leading position in the market owing to its advanced technologies and lower production costs. Our vitamin C and caffeine products rank first in the global market share, whilst our antibiotic products occupy a leading position in China. Meanwhile, the Group is also actively adjusting its businesses to tackle challenges from the overly competitive industries.

The pharmaceutical industry is at the core of the national strategic and emerging industries plan formulated by the government of China. A comprehensive layout of innovative and branded drugs is bound to be a developmental trend in the pharmaceutical industry. The Group will continue to leverage its advantages in research and development to produce products of high gross margin and high demand. With its excellent brands and strong research and development capability, the Group will develop more, newer and better drugs for society, and will also deliver more stable and better return to its shareholders in return for their 
Hong Kong, 28 March 2013 