Chairman s Statement 
In 2013, China has shown a slowdown in its overall economic growth. In addition, overcapacity and other negative impact brought about by the economic stimulation policies have also emerged. These changes in the external economic environment have led to increasing competition in the pharmaceutical industry. On the other hand, they have also provided opportunities for the Group to develop and transform its business. The Group will continue to actively develop the new drug business, promote product internationalisation and consolidate the competitiveness of its bulk drug business, with the objective of ensuring sustainable growth of the Group.
BUILDING OF PROFESSIONAL SALES AND MARKETING TO ACCELERATE THE GROUP S 
The Group continuously strived to expedite its strategic transformation by enhancing its organisational structure, integrating corporate resources, and devoting resources to the innovative drug business. Building on its existing bulk drug division and finished drug division, the Group has newly established the oncology drug division with a view to actively expand its presence in the oncology drug business.
Furthermore, the Group continued to enhance its sales management and strengthen the academic promotion of new drugs. In order to further expand its coverage in the end-users market, the Group also put concerted efforts in hospital development, academic promotion and marketing of pharmaceutical products.

Through exchanges and cooperations in research with overseas enterprises, the Group was able to keep abreast of the requirements of and changes in the international pharmaceutical regulations and the market trend. In particular, the Group has set up a specialised research and development team in the United States (the U.S. ). Currently, the first batch of generic drugs of the Group that have obtained approvals under Abbreviated New Drug Application ( ANDA ) in the U.S. include tramadol hydrochloride tablet , metformin hydrochloride slow-release tablet and donepezil hydrochloride tablet .
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT The Group will continue to invest more resources in research and development. In the coming years, it is expected that a number of innovative drugs will be launched upon receiving relevant production approvals, including rE4 and DBPR108 (Class I new drug, diabetes drug); pinocembrin (Class I new drug, acute stroke drug); levamlodipine maleate atorvastatin calcium tablet (Class I new drug, high blood pressure and lipid drug); baicalein tablet (Class I new drug, viral influenza drug); and SKLB1028 (oncology drug), building a solid foundation for the continuous growth of the Group. As regards product internationalisation, the Group will continue to apply for international registrations in order to expand its sales to the high-end overseas markets and to increase its competitiveness in the domestic market. It is expected that the Group will have 3 to 4 generic drug products receiving ANDA approvals from the U.S. FDA each year starting from 2014.

With the further ageing of population, progress of national urbanisation and increase in people s income level in China, the demand for pharmaceutical products in China is expected to further increase over the coming decade. It is also expected that government policies will continue to support enterprises with increasing efforts in innovation and increase funding for medical insurance. With the implementation of the new GMP standard, the industry will also be consolidated further. Being a major pharmaceutical enterprise in China, the Group will grasp this opportunity and strive to achieve better development in 2014.
Group s Business Outlook Innovative Drug Business The Group will continue to pursue the strategy of expanding and strengthening the innovative drug business. With its increasingly well-developed market network, expanding professional marketing team, and good product efficacy and quality, the innovative drug business is expected to continue to achieve rapid growth in the coming years and increase its contribution to the Group.
Common Generic Drug Business The Group will continue to conduct in-depth study of China s policies, refine its product portfolio and strengthen its sales team. Coupled with the effective sales channels and strategies, it is expected that the common generic drug business will continue to achieve steady growth in 2014.
Bulk Drug Business In respect of the bulk drug business, the Group will continue its efforts in technological upgrades and production costs reduction in order to maintain its leading position in the industry. Currently, the Group has received the U.S.
FDA approvals for 6 bulk drugs and 5 bulk drug production workshops. The Group will also continue its efforts in high-end quality certification and product quality enhancement. After several years of intense competition, the bulk drug market is showing a steadily upward trend. With the Group s leading position in this industry, the bulk drug business of the Group is expected to achieve improvement in 2014. The Group will also continue to closely monitor changes in the market competition landscape and timely adjust its operating strategies.

Hong Kong, 24 March 2014 