Chairman s Statement 
For the financial year of 2010, the Group s revenue and profit attributable to shareholders amounted to HK$7,774 million and HK$752 million, representing an increase of 10.6% and a decrease of 22.6% respectively as compared to last year.
The Board of Directors recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$24 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2010.
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK Intermediates and Bulk Drugs Business Vitamin C Series The sustained high price level of vitamin C in the past few years has induced a number of domestic enterprises to enter the vitamin C industry, aggravating the problem of excess capacity and leading to a significant decline in the price level during the year. Amid intensified market competition, the Group expanded production capacity to enhance economies of scale, with the aim of reducing production cost and expanding market share. Despite a general decrease of approximately 30% in the average price of the major products during the year, the substantial increase in sales volume enabled this business segment to attain revenue of HK$2,074 million, representing a decrease of 6.7% as compared to previous year.
The Group has also made significant achievement in expanding into the high-end pharmaceutical market. In addition to the GMP certificates obtained from Germany and Japan in previous years, the Group has also obtained the US FDA accreditation during the year. These achievements not only enable the Group to enter the international high- end market but also establish its leading position in product quality.
New production capacity in the PRC is expected to be put into operation in 2011 and this will cause increasing pricing pressure. The Group will continue to strengthen the collaboration with its existing customers and foster a long-term business partnership so as to consolidate its existing market share. In addition, the Group will keep on improving product quality and further enhance product differentiation to meet the requirements of different customers. The Group will also step up its market development efforts in Eastern Europe, South America and 
Driven by the rapid growth of cephalosporin products, the performance of antibiotic business significantly improved during the year. Revenue increased by 34.7% to HK$3,258 million as compared to previous year. During the year, the Group has significantly enhanced its competitiveness and scale of operation through extension of its product chain. In addition to its core products of 7-ACA and cefazolin sodium, the Group s cephalosporin series of products has extended to GCLE, ceftriaxone sodium, cefuroxime sodium, cefuroxime acid, cefotaxime sodium, cefotaxime acid and cefixime. During the year, the Group has also expanded its production capacity of 7-ACA through production facilities enhancement and has successfully reduced the production cost and enhanced the product quality of 7-ACA through a series of technology improvement initiatives, further consolidating the Group s leading position in the 
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK (continued) Intermediates and Bulk Drugs Business (continued) Antibiotic Series (continued) With respect to penicillin, certain domestic capacities have been forced out of the market amid severe competition, making possible a slight rebound in product price during the year. While successfully maintaining its market share, the Group also strived to improve its technology and product quality. Apart from obtaining the GMP certificate from Germany and registration certificate from Russia for its bulk amoxicillin, the Group has also made significant achievement in the development of production technology. The synthetic technology for making amoxicillin can be changed successfully by using enzyme process instead of chemical process, and the Group has also successfully developed its own high-activity enzyme.
It is expected that the operating environment in 2011 will remain stable, except that the price of 7-ACA will be under pressure due to the increased domestic capacity. The Group will continue to upgrade its production technology, leverage on its current advantages in scale and cost, and flexibly adjust the production of upstream and downstream products, with the aim of achieving full capacity production and sales.
Finished Drugs Business The finished drugs business continued to grow in 2010. Revenue increased by 4.0% to HK$2,276 million as compared to previous year. The revenue of antibiotics, health supplements, cardio-cerebrovascular drugs and Chinese medicine injections products amounted to HK$1,812 million, HK$66 million, HK$48 million and HK$88 million, accounting for 79.6%, 2.9%, 2.1% and 3.9% of the revenue of this business respectively. The overall gross profit margin remained stable, whereas the operating profit rose to HK$176.0 million.
During the year, the Group has devoted its efforts to market development and has set up specialized sales force for tapping end-user market in county hospitals, township health centers and community healthcare service centers.
These efforts have met with certain success in enlarging the market coverage. With the commencement of the drugs tenders, market competition further intensified and product prices in general decreased, affecting the growth in revenue of this business. However, sales of new products were satisfactory, in particular the sales revenue of meropenem injections rose by 76% as compared to previous year.
In 2011, a new round of drugs tenders will begin in various provinces and more weight will be placed on the price factor, causing negative impact on profitability. The Group will leverage on its competitive advantages in scale of production, product quality, market reputation, sales network and cost to make its tender and marketing efforts more effective in expanding market share. In addition, the Group will devote its efforts to the market development and technology enhancement of its Chinese medicine injections and therapeutic infusion solution products, making them to become the major growth drivers. On the front of product development, the Group will continue to focus on products with strong market potential and it is expected that several first-to-market products currently under development will be granted production approval in 2012. With effective implementation of these growth strategies, we believe that the finished drugs business will be able to attain higher profitability and achieve the goal of sustainable rapid growth.

Liquidity and financial position In 2010, the Group s operating activities generated a net cash inflow of HK$1,007,044,000. Capital expenditure in relation to the addition of production facilities amounted to HK$791,218,000. The current ratio of the Group improved from 1.5 a year earlier to 1.8 as at 31 December 2010. Debtor turnover period (ratio of the total balance of trade and bills receivables to sales, inclusive of value added tax for sales in the PRC) increased from 73 days in 2009 to 80 days in the current year. Inventory turnover period (ratio of inventory balance to cost of sales) also slightly increased from 75 days in 2009 to 80 days.
The Group s financial position remained strong. As at 31 December 2010, bank balances and cash amounted to HK$1,141,736,000 and total borrowings amounted to HK$1,529,517,000. Out of the total borrowings, HK$323,282,000 will be repayable within one year and the remaining HK$1,206,235,000 repayable between two to four years. Net gearing ratio (calculated on the basis of the Group s total borrowings net of bank balances and cash over shareholders equity) increased from previous year s 2.0% to 6.8%.
42% of the Group s borrowings are denominated in Hong Kong dollars and the remaining 58% in Renminbi.
The Group s revenue is mainly either in Renminbi or in US dollars. The Group believes that its exposure to foreign currency risks is not significant, but we will monitor closely the currency movement.
Pledge of assets As at 31 December 2010, bank deposits of HK$41,930,000 (2009: HK$50,637,000) were pledged to banks to secure short-term banking facilities.

As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 22 February 2005, the Company and one of its subsidiaries were named as, among others, defendants in a number of antitrust complaints filed in the United States. Up to the date of this report, four antitrust complaints have been served on the Company and three antitrust complaints have been served on the subsidiary.
The directors and management of the Company intend to contest the claims set out in the antitrust complaints vigorously. The Company and the subsidiary have appointed legal advisers to advise them in the legal proceedings and the outcome of the antitrust complaints cannot be reliably estimated with reasonable certainty at this stage.
Further information on the antitrust complaints is set out in note 40 to the consolidated financial statements.

At the end of the reporting period, the Group had about 10,687 employees. The majority of them are employed in the PRC. The Group will continue to offer competitive remuneration packages, discretionary share options and bonuses to staff based on the performance of the Group and the individual employee.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to take this opportunity to express our appreciation to our shareholders for their support and to our staff for their contribution and diligence during the year.
By order of the Board 
Hong Kong, 30 March 2011 