Chairman s Statement 
Driven by the significant increase in the gross profit margin of the vitamin C business and the strong growth of the finished drug business, the Group reported an encouraging result for the year 2008.
Revenue and profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2008 reached HK$6,830 million and HK$941 million, representing an increase of 37% and 97% respectively as compared to last year, the highest since our listing.
The Board of Directors recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK20 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2008.
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK Vitamin C Series Product prices maintained an upward trend amid a tight market supply during the year. In 2008, the average selling price of vitamin C increased to US$8.84 per kg, which was significantly higher than US$4.60 of the previous year.
Revenue for the year reached HK$2,157 million, representing an increase of 96% over previous year. Gross profit margin significantly increased from 38.0% in 2007 to 57.3% in the current year.
After years of market competition, manufacturers in the PRC have successfully established a dominant position in the global vitamin C market, with considerably stronger pricing power. As the industry leader, the Group not only possesses the world s largest production capacity, but also the competitive edge in the areas of technology, production cost, product range and customer network. The Group was granted the GMP certificate from Germany during the year, thereby becoming the only PRC vitamin C manufacturer that can enter the high-end pharmaceutical market in the European Union. This not only provides the Group with the opportunities for business expansion, but also further improves the profitability of this business segment.
The increase in market supply is expected to be limited in 2009. Product prices should be able to stay at high level will average selling price significantly higher than previous year. In order to cement customer relationship and ensure profitability, the Group has entered into long-term sales contracts for 2009 with certain customers.

In 2008, the demand for penicillin intermediate and bulk drug products continued to grow. Product prices rose sharply in the second quarter amid tightened market supply as the production of certain manufacturers in the PRC was affected by the environmental protection concern. However, with the outbreak of the financial turmoil in the second half of the year, some overseas customers took measures to reduce their inventory. As a result, overall sales slowed down and product prices declined.
The environmental protection facilities of the Group are up to standard and our production was unaffected by the environmental protection concern. Moreover, the production capacity of the Group s production base in Inner Mongolia has expanded last year and which enabled our market share to increase further during the year. Total sales volume of this series for the year increased by 36% with revenue growing by 16% to HK$1,871 million as compared to previous year. Gross profit margin decreased from 37.5% in 2007 to 23.3% in the current year.

Abundant market supply and capacity expansion of certain manufacturer are expected to continue to exert pressure on the selling price. Under this market environment, the Group will strengthen its control over production cost and actively explore overseas markets. During the year, the Group was granted the Certificate of Suitability for its amoxicillin bulk drug by the European Directorate for the Quality of Medicines & Healthcare. This greatly enhances the Group s competitiveness in overseas markets.

In 2008, the demand for cephalosporin intermediate and bulk drug products remained stable, but product prices were at low level due to excessive production capacity. Revenue for the year was HK$736 million, roughly the same as previous year. Gross profit margin decreased from 16.2% in 2007 to 9.6% in the current year.
In addition to strengthening the control of production cost, the Group will accelerate the development of new products. It is expected a number of cephalosporin bulk drug products will be launched in 2009. One of the workshops under construction for the new products will be applied for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) accreditation and it is expected that the FDA accreditation on-site inspection will take place in 2009.

The expanding medical insurance system and vast investment in the establishment of medical infrastructure in the PRC have made medical services more accessible to people residing in rural and urban areas, which directly drives growth in the demand for pharmaceutical products. The Group grasped the opportunities under this favourable market environment and actively expanded its market coverage. Revenue for the year reached HK$1,989 million, representing an increase of 33% over previous year. Among the major products, the revenue of amoxicillin capsules, ceftriaxone sodium for injection and penicillin sodium for injection increased by 32% to HK$831 million as compared to previous year. Gross profit margin of this business segment slightly increased from 25.7% in 2007 to 26.7% in the current year.
The opinions of the reform of the medical and healthcare system in the PRC has just been released while the government has been increasing its investment in the medical and healthcare system. As a major finished drug manufacturer in the PRC with a strong distribution network across urban and rural areas, the Group will benefit directly from the rapid growth of the PRC pharmaceutical market.
In order to achieve rapid growth in the finished drug business, apart from further expanding its sales force and stepping up end-users marketing efforts, the Group will also expedite the development of new products. Currently, 19 new products of different specifications of the Group have obtained the approval of the State Food and Drug Administration ( SFDA ) of the PRC and ready to be launched in 2009, while 36 other products being under review by the SFDA, 6 others undergoing clinical trials and 49 others in the stage of research and development.
These product development projects include products for the treatment of cardio-cerebrovascular diseases, type II diabetes, anti-tumor and antibiotics.
Acquisition costs would be lowered under the current economic turmoil. The Group will actively explore suitable acquisition opportunities with a view to expanding its product portfolio and product types. The Group would focus on acquisitions that will supplement finished drugs and new drugs that it lacks, adding growth potential to this 
The finished drug business of the Group has an enormous growth potential. With the aim of developing the finished drug products into the leading business segment of the Group and further establishing as the leader in the PRC finished drug market, we will endeavour to re-position the sales and marketing strategies in 2009 to ensure this business to become the main growth driver.

Liquidity and financial position In 2008, the Group s operating activities generated a net cash inflow of HK$1,516,293,000. Capital expenditure in relation to the addition of production facilities amounted to HK$350,473,000. The Group s current ratio improved from 1.0 a year earlier to 1.5 as at 31 December 2008. Debtor turnover period (ratio of the total balance of trade receivables and bills receivables to sales, inclusive of value added tax for sales in the PRC) shortened from 62 days in the previous year to 49 days in the current year. Owing to a slowdown in sales of penicillin products, inventory turnover period (ratio of inventories balance to cost of sales) increased from 98 days in the previous year to 106 days in the current year.
The Group s financial position remained strong. As at 31 December 2008, bank balances and cash amounted to HK$1,123,110,000 and total borrowings amounted to HK$1,495,645,000 (comprising bank loans of HK$1,373,627,000 and loans from a related company of HK$122,018,000). Out of the total borrowings, HK$577,018,000 will be repayable within one year and the remaining HK$918,627,000 repayable between two to three years. Net gearing ratio (calculated on the basis of the Group s total borrowings net of bank balances and cash over shareholders equity at the balance sheet date) decreased from 38% a year earlier to 8% as at 31 December 
42% of the Group s borrowings are denominated in Hong Kong dollars or US dollars and the remaining 58% in Renminbi. The Group s revenues are denominated mainly either in Renminbi or in US dollars. The Group believed that its exposure to foreign currency risks is not significant, but we will monitor closely the currency movement.
Pledge of assets As at 31 December 2008, bank deposits of HK$2,048,000 (2007: HK$751,000) were pledged to banks as security for the issuance of letters of credit.

As disclosed in the press announcement of the Company dated 22 February 2005, the Company and one of its subsidiaries were named as, among others, defendants in a number of antitrust complaints filed in the United States. Up to the date of this report, four antitrust complaints have been served on the Company and three antitrust complaints have been served on the subsidiary.
The directors and management of the Company intend to contest the claims set out in the antitrust complaints vigorously. The Group has appointed legal advisers to advise them in the legal proceedings and the outcome of the antitrust complaints cannot be reliably estimated with reasonable certainty at this stage.
Further information on the antitrust complaints is set out in note 41 to the consolidated financial statements.

As at 31 December 2008, the Group had about 9,890 employees, the majority of them were employed in the PRC.
The Group will continue to offer competitive remuneration packages, discretionary share options and bonuses to staff based on the performance of the Group and the individual employee.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to take this opportunity to express our appreciation to our shareholders for their support and to our staff for their contribution and diligence during the year.
By order of the Board 
Hong Kong, 8 April 2009 