Chairman’s Statement
INDUSTRY OUTLOOK
During the “12th Five-Year Plan” period, the growth in pharmaceutical industry in China had gradually slowed
down from high to moderate and has entered into a new norm. However, the Group has seen the existence of
both opportunities and challenges. As a leading pharmaceutical enterprise in China, the Group has adapted to
the healthcare reform by innovation and transformation. Business focus has been concentrated on developing
high value-added new drugs, actively responding to market changes, exploring new businesses in the market and
internationalisation of products and brand, with remarkable results achieved.
As we entered the “13th Five-Year Plan” period, the healthcare reform in China further deepened in 2016 with
numerous policies introduced, involving drug manufacturing, drug distribution, quality supervision, drug usage and
health insurance. Healthcare reform policies related to product quality bioequivalence evaluation and manufacture
practice inspection are expected to gradually shift pharmaceutical production to large enterprises. Implementation of
the two-invoice system, the change from business tax to value-added tax and the new GSP are expected to reshuffle
the pharmaceutical distribution industry. Stringent usage restriction on antibiotic and inspection of product adverse
reaction are expected to facilitate structural changes on end-users’ drug usage. Moreover, the slow approval process
for new drugs, policy tightening, tender price pressure and drug price negotiation have created a direct impact
on the pharmaceutical industry. Under this challenging environment, pharmaceutical companies need to keep on
seeking new business developments and growth drivers.
With the accelerating aging population, progress of urbanisation policy and increase in the people’s income level in
China, the demand for pharmaceutical products in China is expected to have a continuous increase. On top of that,
factors such as deteriorating environmental pollution and unhealthy dietary habits have led to an increasing number
of new cancer cases in China, with current number standing at about 3.5 million each year. As a result, the demand
for effective treatment is growing year by year. In addition, the recent government policies on major innovative
drugs have facilitated the development and market expansion of cancer drugs. With increasing concern for major
and serious diseases, local provinces have also included more drugs for major and serious diseases in the medical
reimbursement scope and supported the clinical use of domestic drugs in order to alleviate the burden of patients.
Driven by these favorable factors, we expect the oncology drugs market in China will continue to maintain rapid
growth in the future. Meanwhile, the increasing incidence of other senile diseases (such as cardio-cerebrovascular
disease, senile dementia, diabetes, etc.) is also leading to a greater demand for medical treatment.
In view of the massive size of population with the four major diseases mentioned above, the Group’s “NBP”,
“Oulaining”, “Xuanning”, “Duomeisu”, “Jinyouli”, “Linmeixin” (glimepiride dispersible tablets) have huge market
potential. On the other hand, the Group will also actively adapt to the policy direction towards tiered medical
system and allocating more medical resources to the basic-tier market. The Group will make adjustments to its
market strategy and step up the development of the basic-tier end-user market. With the revision of the national
reimbursement drug list this year, the Group has 8 products newly included in the new national reimbursement drug
list which will provide promising prospect on market expansion in the future.
BUSINESS OUTLOOK
Finished Drug Business
Innovative Drug Products
In recent years, the market share of innovative drugs continues to expand with a rapid growth momentum,
with the product brands gaining reputation in the market. With the release of the new national reimbursement
drug list, changes in the provincial medical reimbursement standards and the implementation of the two-invoice
system, innovative drugs will face new opportunities and challenges. The Group will follow closely on the policy
changes in order to seize opportunities and respond timely to challenges. For the provincial tenders, the Group
will strive to maintain a reasonable tender price, constantly expand the market potential and extend the product
life cycle to ensure sustainable and rapid growth for its products. With regard to the two-invoice system, the
Group will consolidate and merge the distribution channels to ensure a smooth transition for our innovative drugs
in the distribution channels. In the meantime, the Group will further improve its existing expert network through
professional academic-based promotion, thus enhancing the reputation of its innovative drugs in the domestic
market and bringing the market influence of its innovative drugs to a new level.
Common Generic Drug Products
The Group will seize the market opportunities provided by the new national healthcare reform, including the
bioequivalence evaluation for generic drugs, medical reimbursement standards, tiered medical system and
development of the basic-tier market. The Group will leverage the competitive edge of its product chain, quality
control, brand value, channel structure and marketing team to expand its presence in the basic-tier medical market.
In addition, the Group will gradually develop more generic drugs (including traditional Chinese medicines, pediatrics
and gynecological drugs) which are in line with the government’s direction, hoping to share the growth potential of
the expanding basic-tier market. The Group will further cooperate with professional marketing teams to create pillar
products with growth potential. It is expected that the common generic drug business will continue to have a stable
growth in 2017.
Bulk Drug Business
In respect of the bulk drug business, the Group will continue its efforts in technology upgrades, production costs
reduction, high-end quality certification, product quality enhancement and market expansion in order to increase the
profitability and maintain the leading position in the industry. The Group will continue to closely monitor changes
in the market and timely adjust its operating strategies. After several years of intense competition, the vitamin C
market has started to demonstrate an upward trend. With its leading position in the industry, the bulk drug business
of the Group is expected to remain stable in 2017 with certain products having the likelihood of achieving higher
growth.
CAI Dongchen
Chairman
Hong Kong, 20 March 2017