Chairman s Statement 
In 2015, the global economic growth experienced a deceleration with deflation pressure in some economies.
Likewise, the Chinese economy also encountered increasing downward pressure with a number of impacts and challenges. Facing this complex and mixed environment, the Chinese government persisted with the fundamental task of pursuing stable growth and carried out a series of policies that could stabilise growth, modify structure, promote reform, benefit people s livelihood and prevent risk, with the aim of ensuring the national economy to perform within a reasonable range, achieving progress in structural adjustments and continuously improving the livelihood of people. Changes in the economic environment pose both challenges and opportunities to the Group.
The Group will proactively respond to market changes with continuous efforts in aggressively expanding its new drug business and promoting its products and brands to the international market in order to achieve sustainable growth of its business.
The Chinese pharmaceutical industry is one of the fastest growing industries in China and is able to maintain a mid- to-high pace of growth alongside with the continuous growth of the Chinese economy. However, the development of pharmaceutical industry in China also faces problems in areas of innovation system, product structure, quality and safety standard. The Chinese government is currently striving to improve the system in order to build a sound foundation enabling the pharmaceutical industry to maintain a healthy and sustainable development.
Under the environment of sustained economic growth in China, immense changes have been seen in its healthcare service system. Subsequent to several medical reforms, a diversified healthcare service system formed by hospitals, lower-tier healthcare institutions and professional public healthcare organisations has been established preliminarily, covering both urban and rural areas. Healthcare service institutions have been expanding at high speed, with an increasing number of branch hospitals, branch departments and community healthcare service centers. Oncology treatment is one of the most important areas in healthcare services. With the development in healthcare services, both the coverage and standard of oncology treatment services in general hospitals have been expanded and 
With the accelerating aging of the Chinese population, progress of urbanization policy and increase in the people s income level, the demand for pharmaceutical products in China is expected to have a continuous increase. China has entered an accelerating period of aging population with over 200 million people aged above 65, accounting for approximately 15% of its total population. The incidence rate of cancer, cerebro-cardiovascular diseases, senile dementia, diabetes and other elderly diseases is also increasing on a yearly basis, creating increasing demand for related treatments. Given the massive size of the population with these four types of diseases, the Group s NBP i_nf , OulainingPkO[ , Xuannings[ , Linmeixing#k (Glimepiride dispersible tablets) products and other oncology drugs possess immense market potential. On the other hand, the expansion of hospitals, increased coverage of the medical reimbursement scope and higher affordability of patients will also ensure that the demand for medical treatments is more able to be met.
Notwithstanding the national policy on restrictive sales and reasonable use of antibiotics which limits the growth of the antibiotics industry, antibiotics is still one of the major categories in the pharmaceutical market featuring high growth in the demand for high-end antibiotics in particular. Antibiotic product Meropenem for injection of the Group has attained rapid growth for many consecutive years. Coupled with the launch of new products such as Biapenem for injection and Ertapenem for injection , the Group s antibiotic product series has established strong competitive advantages in the high-end antibiotics market with attractive prospects.

Innovative Drug Business The Group will implement the market strategy of product differentiation, professional marketing and brand building . In addition, the Group will follow closely on the national and provincial medical insurance and tender policies in order to seize opportunities and minimize risks. The Group s marketing department will also put more efforts into increasing the market coverage of its products and enhancing the quality of academic promotion activities to promote market awareness for its products. With its increasingly mature sales network, expanding professional sales team and exceptional product efficacy and quality, the Group s innovative drug business is expected to achieve rapid growth in 2016 and increase its contribution to the Group.
Common Generic Drug Business Leveraging on its quality, brand, product chain, channels, professional marketing team and other competitive advantages, the Group will seize the opportunities brought by the low-priced drug policy in order to develop the common generic drug business into another key profit growth driver of the Group. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to innovate its marketing strategies of its common generic drug business in order to maximize the competitive advantage of its professional marketing team and well-established end-user network. The Group will also establish strategic partnerships with end-user operators covering the lower-tier market network to expedite the launch of new products with market size and growth potential. It is expected that the common generic drug business will continue to achieve steady growth in 2016.
Bulk Drug Business In respect of the bulk drug business, the Group will continue its efforts in technology upgrades, production costs reduction, high-end quality certification and product quality enhancement in order to maintain its leading position in the industry. Currently, the Group has received U.S. FDA approvals for 6 products and 5 production workshops of the bulk drug business. The Group will continue to closely monitor changes in the market and timely adjust its operating strategies. After several years of intense competition, the bulk drug market is showing a steadily upward trend. With its leading position in the industry, the bulk drug business of the Group is expected to remain on a steady trend in 2016.

Hong Kong, 21 March 2016 