In Year 2015, benefiting from China s stable economic growth and favourable industry policies, national sales of commodity housing recovered steadily, while high-end shopping mall and hotel businesses endured greater pressure when seeking for growth due to oversupply. Under the complex operating environment, the Group maintained notable growth in property sales, revenue and profit attributable to the owners, via enhanced operation and management adapting to market trend.

In Year 2015, the Group achieved total consolidated revenue of HK$103.39 billion, representing a year-on-year ( YoY ) growth of 15.3%; core net profit attributable to the owners of the Company excluding revaluation gain from investment properties reached HK$14.21 billion, up by 19.2% YoY; profit attributable to the owners of the Company including revaluation gain from investment properties increased by 15.8% YoY to HK$17.53 billion. During the year, the Group s earnings per share achieved HK 259.2 cents, up by 11.8% YoY, while core earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company increased by 15.2% YoY to HK210.0 cents. As of 31 December 2015, the net asset per share increased by 2.6% YoY to HK$16.59.
The Board resolved to declare a final dividend of HK48.7 cents per share, together with the interim dividend of HK8.7 cents per share, the 2015 full-year dividend amounted to HK57.4 cents, representing an increase of 16.0% over that of 2014.

In Year 2015, revenue from development property amounted to HK$93.54 billion, representing a YoY growth of 14.4%. With recent years persistence in precise positioning and cost standardization, the Group effectively improved its gross profit margin of development property to 30.1% in Year 2015.
During the Year 2015, the Group further improved its management expertise in the following aspects: strengthening product positioning, optimizing launching schedule to achieve sales target, enhancing product category management, balancing between volume and margin, actively destocking while optimizing new investments. As a result, the Group exceeded its annual property sales target in 2015 and achieved contracted sales of RMB85.15 billion with a contracted gross floor area ( GFA ) of 6.76 million square meters, up by 23.0% and 2.4% YoY respectively.

In Year 2015, the rental income of the Group s investment properties (including hotel operations) increased by 21.4% YoY to HK$6.65 billion. As at 31 December 2015, total GFA of the Group s operational investment properties reached 4.91 million square meters, including 11 Mixc, 7 Hi5Mixc One and 2 other shopping malls. The Group s investment property scale is one of the largest in the industry.
During the Year, six shopping malls commenced operation successively, including Qingdao Mixc, Ganzou Mixc, Hefei Mixc, Zibo Mixc One, Shenyang Tiexi Mixc One and Changsha Xingsha Mixc One. The average opening rate of the above malls achieved 87.9% on the grand opening day, outperforming the market average.
In 2015, shopping malls encountered greater operational pressure as new openings continue to increase and on-line retail sales sustained fast growth. The Group adapted proactively to the ever- challenging commercial environment and delivered an outperforming retail sales growth in the year through continuous tenant mix optimization by reducing less-performing leasable area to increase unit efficiency, and by boosting foot traffic through creative tenant mix and better customer experience.

The Group maintained an active yet prudent investment principle, monitored closely to the land market, strengthened its research in investment opportunities among different cities and focused on tier 1 and core tier 2 cities with healthy supply and demand dynamics. In addition to acquiring incubated projects from its parent CRH, the Group also actively acquired quality land bank through public land auctions.
In January 2015, the Group and Central New, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CRH, entered into an acquisition agreement with a total consideration of approximately HK$18.64 billion (comprising share consideration of approximately HK$12.60 billion and cash consideration of HK$6.04 billion). Pursuant to the agreement, the Group acquired from CRH certain projects located in Shenzhen and Jinan with total GFA of approximately 4 million square meters. The acquisition enriched the Group s land bank in tier-1 cities, hence further ensured the Company s sustainable earnings growth.
During the Year 2015, apart from the assets acquired from CRH, the Group acquired 18 land parcels in Beijing, Shanghai, Suzhou and other cities with a total land premium of RMB59.21 billion (of which attributable land premium was RMB29.36 billion). Total GFA acquired reached 5.11 million square meters, of which 4.81 million square meters were for development properties and 0.30 million square meters were for investment properties.
As of 31 December 2015, the Group s geographical presence had been expanded to 53 cities nationwide, with a total land bank GFA of 41.26 million square meters, of which 35.75 million square meters were for development properties, and 5.51 million square meters were for investment properties. The Group s land bank is sufficient for development needs for the next three to five years, while the land bank mix matches well with the Group s business model.

The Group adheres to its prudent financial policies. As of 31 December 2015, total interest-bearing debt and net interest-bearing debt ratios remained at relatively low levels in the sector at 36.6% and 23.0% respectively, significantly lower than those of 43.5% and 38.7% by 2014 year end. During the year, Standard and Poor s, Moody s and Fitch maintained the Company s credit ratings at BBB+stable , Baa1stable and BBB+stable respectively.
During the year, through reasonable early repayment of existing loans and increments in offshore RMB borrowings, the Group has extended the average debt tenor and increased RMB denominated portion of total interest bearing debt, which effectively lowered exchange rate risk while maintaining its advantage in low financing cost.
Corporate Social Responsibility The Group continues to uphold its green principles of no corporate development at the expense of environment, no sacrifice of long- term interests of the environment in exchange for corporate s short- term benefits . The Group has incorporated social responsibility into its business and is committed to the quality of products and services for customers through supply chain enhancement, safety responsibility conviction, energy-saving and emission-reduction enforcement, as well as extensive green building development.
For years, the Group has assigned volunteers to participate in new countryside construction. Construction of Zunyi Hope Town, the seventh China Resources Hope Town sponsored by CRH, was completed by the Group in the year and gained widespread social recognition.
In Year 2015, the Group achieved a 4.5 star rating from the China Academy of Social Science Research Center on its Corporate Social Responsibility Report, which is the highest rated report in the property sector of China. The Group was also ranked number 1 in Social Responsibility Development Index among 31 sampled property developers and received award from Hong Kong Business Sustainability Index.

Looking into 2016, the Group expects China s economy to maintain steady growth in the new normal state. Property sector shall benefit from supportive policies including moderate monetary environment, the acceleration in new-round urbanization, further Hukou reform, inventory clearance measures as well as two-child policy. The Group remains positive on property market prospects.
The landscape of investment properties is expected to remain competitive. To reinforce its leading position in China s commercial property market, the Group will enhance its shopping mall operations by reasonably adjusting the development schedule of pipeline projects, by actively exploring new tenant mix, and by piloting the eco operation system of shopping mall + internet in selected projects.
2016 is the beginning year of the 13th Five-year development plan, the Group will continue to enhance and improve its existing competitive advantages in both development and investment property businesses to maintain earnings growth, and to proactively explore business innovations to achieve long-term sustainable development.

