Chairman s Statement I am pleased to present to the Shareholders my report on the operation of the Group.
Operating Results For the Year The Group s consolidated turnover and profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31st December, 2001 amounted to approximately HK$3,421 million and HK$160 million, representing an increase of 110% year-on-year and 65% year-on-year, respectively.
Earnings per share was HK10.7 cents (2000: HK6.5 cents).
After a strong recovery in Year 2000, the property market of Beijing continued to perform satisfactorily in Year 2001. Last year, approximately 12 million square metres of gross floor area were sold in the City, representing an increase of 26% over Year 2000. Such robust performance of the Beijing property market was mainly attributable to the booming economy, banks supportive mortgage policies and strong homebuyers confidence brought about by China s accession into the WTO and Beijing s hosting of the 2008 Olympic 
Against the strong operating performance and as a prudent measure, the Board of Directors decided to make a provision for doubtful debt of HK$218 million in the last financial year owing to the potential collection problems of certain receivables related to land and properties sold to institutions prior to Year 1999. Consequently, the growth rate of the Group s net profit was lower than those of turnover and gross profit. As the market has already transited into an individual dominated one, the Board of Directors is confident that credit risk in relation to selling of properties to institutions will not be in existence in future. Also, the Board of Directors believes that, after making the aforesaid provision, the Group has made adequate provision for doubtful debts and hence does not need to make further provision in the future.
As the old office building in Beijing cannot fulfil the increasing business requirements, the Group has moved to a new office building constructed by itself and total investment in this regard is approximately HK$370 million.

An interim dividend of HK1.0 cent per share, translating into a total amount of approximately HK$15 million, was paid to shareholders during the year and the Board of Directors recommends a final dividend of HK1.2 cents per share, translating into a total amount of approximately HK$18 million, payable on 3rd June, 2002 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 31st May, 2002.

The Group s operating profit for 2001 was principally generated from the sales of property development units. The following projects were sold in 2001: The Group made Rmb3 billion in sales in Year 2001 which represented a 5.5% market share of the Beijing property market. The Board of Directors believes that such numbers made the Group one of the largest property developers in Chinese Mainland. Also, the encouraging results have highlighted the successful adjustment of the Group s marketing strategies, which was adopted as a response to the housing reform in 1998. The Board of Directors believes that the Group s strong and market-oriented sales and marketing team can now live up to any challenge brought about by the keen competition in the Beijing property market.

The Group currently has a 50%-stake in Huawei Centre and a 20%- stake in Huanan Building, which are investment properties located in Xidan North Avenue one of the busiest shopping areas in Beijing City. The Group has already set aside more resources for the improvement of the leasing business. And the Board of Directors believes that both the rental value and the occupancy rates of such properties will increase in the near future.
Employee and Remuneration Policies As of 31st December, 2001, the Group employed approximately 230 full time staff in Mainland China and Hong Kong. The Group remunerates its employees based on their performance, work experience and the prevailing market price. In addition, performance bonuses are granted on a discretionary basis. Other employee benefits include provident fund, insurance and medical coverage, company- sponsored training programmes as well as share option scheme.
Debt and Gearing As of 31st December, 2001, the total borrowings of the Group amounted to approximately HK$1.77 billion, of which 27% was US dollar convertible bonds and the remaining was Renminbi borrowings in China. The US dollar convertible bonds will mature in April 2004 but at the option of the bondholders, the Group could be asked to redeem the outstanding principal of the bonds on 30th April, 2002 at 132.868% of the face value together with the accrued interest. On the other hand, the Renminbi borrowings were mainly short term in nature and could usually be rolled over for another year upon maturity. The cost of debt for the Group in the PRC ranged of between 5.5% and 6%. Except for the US dollars convertible bonds, the interest rate of the PRC borrowings is floating in accordance with the base rate fixed by the central bank in the PRC. The Group intends to restructure its Renminbi borrowings with the dual objectives of lowering the interest cost and lengthening the borrowing period. The Board of Directors believes that around 60% of the Group s borrowings in China will eventually become long term in nature and the overall cost of debt will fall close to the Base Interest Rate levels set by the People s Bank of China, which is the theoretical minimum lending cost for Renminbi.
Gearing, as defined by the ratio of net debt to shareholders equity, was approximately 12% at the balance sheet date. With more project developments in the pipeline, the Board of Directors believes that gearing of the Group will increase in this year but the Group s policy is to control its gearing level at below 40%.
As of 31st December, 2001, total cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to approximately HK$1.3 billion, of which 26% was in HK dollar and the remaining was in Renminbi. The Group does not foresee a substantial exposure to the fluctuation in exchange rate as Renminbi has maintained relatively stable against other currencies.
Thus, the Group has not committed itself into any currency hedge.

The Group currently has interests in 28 property development projects and, through its Beijing subsidiary, owns a land bank of approximately 4.7 million square metres, in gross floor area terms.
Within the land bank, approximately 3 million square metres were added through allocation and direct purchases in last year. New development projects, which are mainly located in the sub-urban and city areas of Beijing, include Jade City, Youth Court, Phoenix City Phase 2, Sha He and Tai Hu. The Board of Directors is confident that the current land bank should allow the Group to capitalize on the growth opportunities of Beijing City and the size of it should be adequate for the development in the next 5 6 years.

The Board of Directors is very optimistic about the future prospects of the Beijing property market. The Group foresees the market to grow at a rate of 10 15% each year, based on the following favourable 
1. Improvement in the quality of living: Currently, the average per capita living space in Beijing is 15.8 square metres, which is low by international standard. It is expected that the average per capita living space will gradually rise to around 18 square metres by 2005, supported by the increasing affluence of the people. In order to fulfill the expected increase of living space, around 17.6 million square metres of residential property needed to be built in the next 4 years, translating into 4.4 million square metres of potential demand per year.
2. Redevelopment of Beijing City: In order to improve the overall infrastructure and environment of Beijing, around 100,000 households would be resettled by the government each year in the next 4 5 years. It is likely that these households, armed with the resettlement compensation provided by the government, will re-enter the property market and therefore provide an extra thrust to the end demand.
3. WTO effect: China s accession into the WTO is expected to attract more investments into Beijing, which should in turn call for more office, commercial and residential spaces.
4. 2008 Olympic Games: In order to prepare for the 2008 Olympic Games, the Beijing Municipal Government will invest substantial resources to improve the infrastructure and transportation networks of the City. Such infrastructural improvements should boost the development of the property market of Beijing in general, and that of the suburban areas in 
5. Abundance of mortgage facilities: Eyeing its vast potential, banks in China have been setting aside more and more resources for the mortgage market. With the help of mortgage facilities, flats should become more affordable to the average homebuyers, which should in turn induce more demand.
Apart from our home base in Beijing, the Board of Directors is also bullish on the property markets in other Chinese cities. The Group has already set aside necessary resources for the development of these new markets. Moreover, new regional subsidiaries are in the process of being formed. The Board of Directors expects that concrete development plan can be announced in the near future.
With its strong financial position, good reputation, and substantial experience in property development and management, the Group is confident to further expand its market share and bring satisfactory return to shareholders.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to all the staff for their hard work in the past financial 
