Chairman s Statement The Group aims to become a competitive and leading integrated provider of quality property and to become an industry leader both in terms of business scale and of profitability in the coming years.
During the course of 2009, the Group adhered to the existing and effective products and marketing strategies. At the same time, the Group has made great efforts in strengthening its internal management, and reinforcing its cost control measures with an aim to achieve a higher operating efficiency. Consequently, the Group has not only achieved a balanced and steady growth for the year of 2009 in both of its core business segments, namely residential property development and property leasing, but also laid down a solid foundation for satisfactory results of 2010.
2009 Annual Results and Dividend 
In the year of 2009, the Group adopted the interpretation to the Accounting Standard Agreements for the Construction of Real Estate , which requires to change the timing of revenue recognition of property sales from completion of properties to delivery of properties to the purchasers. The impact of new accounting policy in the recognition of revenue from property sales started to be reflected in the Group s 2009 interim results.
According to the new accounting policy in the recognition of the revenue from property sales, the Group s consolidated turnover and profit attributable to shareholders for 2009 reached 16,601 million and 4,409 million respectively, representing a respective increase of 77.3% and 121.1% over the corresponding period of 2008. Though affected by the policy changes in the revenue recognition, the residential development business s turnover still recorded a strong increase, rising to HK$14,450 million with a year on year growth of 107.9%. For 2009, the business of property leasing and management sustained its growth, with a turnover of HK$1,292 million, an increase of 14.2% over the same period of 2008.
For 2009, the gross profit margin of the residential development business was 34.1%, at par with 34.3% for the whole year of 2008; EBITDA profit margin of property leasing business stayed high at 69.1%, compared with 69.5% for 2008 if excluding revenue portion from property management fee.
In consistence with its payout policy, the Group declared a final dividend of HK18.3 cents per share, an increase of 120.5% compared to HK 8.3 cents per share for the corresponding period of 2008.
Together with the interim dividend of HK 5.4 cents, the annual dividend of 2009 reached HK23.7 cents per share. The payout ratio of 2009 was 27.0%, the same level as for 2008.

In 2009, the Group acquired new land bank with a total gross floor area of 6.05 million square meters. As of 31 December 2009, the Group had established its presence in 21 cities nationwide with a total land bank of 22.19 million square meters in gross floor area.
Land bank for residential projects, investment properties under construction and investment properties in operation was 18.52 million square meters, 2.87 million square meters and 0.80 million square meters respectively.
Now the Group has basically formed a land bank that is ideally balanced in its proportion for residential development and investment properties, in its geographic mix. The size of this land bank is sufficient for the Group s development in the coming years.

Our long-stated and well-articulated mission is to provide quality and innovative properties and services in mainland China to constantly enhance the productivity along the full value chain of the property business by way of differentiation in product design and provision of comprehensive and integrated services. We are also dedicated to cater for the increasing demand for residential properties from middle-to-high income consumers, the demand for rental premises from brand retailers and that for office space from high-end corporate clients in order to raise the brand awareness of our products and projects. Ultimately, the Group aims to become a competitive and leading integrated provider of quality property and to become an industry leader both in terms of business scale and of profitability in the coming years.
The differentiation , the unique business model of residential development + property investment + value-added customer services along with quality excellence form the core components of the Group s development strategy, which in turn assures the Group to achieve its vision and helps to build its long-term core 
In 2009, on the top of the metropolitan complex project City Crossing which has been highly recognized by the market and by peers in the industry, the Group has developed a new series of commercial products, i.e. regional commercial center , with an aim to broaden our commercial product line and to fit into our development plan for geographic expansion for commercial products. To this end, we have taken Beijing Oak Bay as the pilot project for such new commercial product line and will expand the product nationwide once it is proven commercially successful, During the year, the Group s value-added services won a great market response and achieved a great success in Beijing Oak Bay, the pilot project selected to promote the Group s value-added services and to test market reception. The standardized and serialized storage space was overwhelmingly well received by the market and customers in our pilot project Beijing Oak Bay and has now been extended to 13 cities; Coupled with Group s high-end brands and high quality image, the service-aided marketing model featuring tailor-made decoration, and integrated personalized service was successfully applied in King Nine project in Beijing. Having obtained a good response from customers and the market, such marketing practice is now being applied to high-end projects in four other 
During the year of 2009, the Group launched a number of new projects with distinguishing features, such as the Dalian Xanadu, representing the low-density products; Shenzhen Park Lane Manor, Shanghai Bund Side Phase 2, representing the urban core-area residential projects. All those projects have been well recognized by the industry peers and the market. During the year, six projects of the Group won High Quality Engineering Awards either at municipal or at provincial level.
On 10 September 2009, the Group formally launched high-quality brand awareness campaign in Beijing Water Cube. During the public release conference, we have concluded to take quality makes more changes for the city as our brand appeal and fine design guidlines , the high quality engineering standards and service by heart as our brand connotation. The relentless pursuit of high-quality has become a common code of conduct for all staff throughout the 
The Group is confident about the sustainability of a steady and rapid growth in China economy and the healthy development of the real 
As of 22 March 2010, the Group has achieved contracted sales of RMB2.93 billion in the year of 2010 at par over the same period of 2009. Including the contracted value of RMB19.11 billion in property sales that was achieved before the end of 2009 but not yet recognized, the Group has, as of 22 March 2010, a total development revenue of RMB22.04 billion available for booking overtime. Specifically, the Group has locked up a total revenue of RMB14.21 billion from the residential property development business for recognition in 2010, indicating a great degree of assurance for a sustained growth in the year of 2010.
On 5 February this year, Hang Seng Indexes Company Limited, the Hong Kong stock index compilation agency, announced that our Group will be included in Hang Seng Index since 8 March 2010. The constituent change of Hang Seng Indexes is the first adjustment since May 2009, and also an important milestone event in the Group s corporate history. It not only represents the full recognition of the Group in its development strategy, corporate governance, product competitiveness, future prospects and other aspects by the capital market, but also greatly enhances the image and the influence of the Group. I, on behalf of the Board, would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere thanks to all staff for the great efforts in making this remarkable achievement possible, and to all the shareholders, customers, tenants and different circles of the community for your consistent and persistent supports to our Group.
Taking this as a new start, the Group is committed to continuously enhance its all-around capabilities in internal management and cost controls, in product innovation, marketing as well as risk management on its way to better realize its ultimate corporate objectives, i.e. to continuously create values for the society, shareholders, customers and also for our valuable employees.

