Chairman s Statement The Group is in a stage of rapid growth with 
The Group s consolidated turnover and profit attributable to shareholders for financial year 2005 were HK$2.71 billion and HK$384 million respectively, representing an increase of 43.2% and 17 times over 2004 (based on the restated figures for 2004 prepared in accordance with the new accounting standards), and an increase of 12.4% and 156.1% as compared with the reported figures for 2004 prepared in accordance with the original accounting standards. Earnings per share were HK24.8 cents, increased by 16.7 times over 2004 (based on the restated figures for 2004 prepared in accordance with new accounting standards), and an increase of 148% as compared with the earnings per share for 2004 prepared in accordance with the original accounting standards. The Directors recommends a final dividend of HK3.3 cents per share, making a total dividend of HK3.3 cents per share for the full year and representing an increase of 10% year-on-year.
Starting from 2005, the Group adopted certain new accounting standards in its financial reports, details of which are set out in note 2 of the consolidated financial statements. Some of the Group s financial statements, such as income statement for 2004 and the balance sheet as at 31st December, 2004, have been restated in accordance with the new accounting standards. The more apparent impact from the adoption of the new accounting standards mainly relates to the accounting policy for turnover recognition. Starting from the 2005 interim financial reporting period, the Group recognized its turnover using the completion method, instead of the stage of completion method being used prior to 2005.
Major Business Restructuring and Fund- raising through Share Placement In order to capture more development opportunities and establish its leadership position in the real estate industry in the PRC, the Group announced the acquisition of a group of premier large scale rental properties, which included Beijing China Resources Building, Shanghai China Resources Times Square, Shenzhen City Crossing Phase 1 and the construction site for its Phase 2 development, from its major shareholder China Resources (Holdings) Company Ltd. (CRH) in November 2005 at a consideration of approximately HK$3.2 billion. The acquisition price represented a discount of approximately 35.7% over the net fair market value of the acquired assets. The gross floor area of the acquired assets amounted to 406,088 square metres. The acquisition enabled the Group to transform its business model from a residential property developer into an integrated real estate company.
The Directors believes that the acquisition can bring various commercial benefits to the Group and is in conformity with the aligned interests of the shareholders as a whole. First, through the acquisition, the Group will establish its position as the flagship listed vehicle for real estate operation in the PRC for its parent company CRH, and will therefore have an improved access to resources of CRH for future projects. Second, the acquisition will turn the Group from a residential property developer into an integrated player of a much enlarged scale in the PRC market. This business model is substantially different from other listed real estate companies in China which focus on residential development. Third, with additions of rental-based income stream, the acquisition will enhance the Group s earning stability and cashflow visibility while mitigating its operational risks. Fourth, as the acquired assets are mostly grade A investment properties in premier locations of major cities in the PRC, the Group is better positioned to benefit from long-term potential capital appreciation. Fifth, the acquisition will strengthen the Group s financial position with a significant increase in shareholders funds and a reduction in gearing and thus enhance its capability to fund future development and expansion. In addition, the acquisition will provide an opportunity for the Group to extend its business presence to Shenzhen, and reinforce its established operations in Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu, Wuhan and Hefei.
As the said restructuring was well received by the capital market, the Group placed 300,000,000 new shares to independent investors at a price of HK$3.725 per share in January 2006 and raised a net proceeds of approximately HK$1.1 billion.

After the business restructuring, management further refined and revised the Group s long-term development strategy. The Group strategically aims at becoming a competitive and leading integrated provider of quality properties and services in the real estate industry in Mainland China to cater for the increasing demand for residential properties from middle-to-high income consumers, the demand for rental operation premises from brand retailers and the demand for offices from high-end corporations. The Group s financial goals are to reach a leading position in respect of company scale and return 
To achieve the above goals, the Group will continue to expand its business nationwide and penetrate to more cities. Also, the Group will engage in both residential development and investment property holding. At the same time, to ensure an effective geographical expansion, the Group will continue to focus on developing middle- to-low density projects in the suburban area and high-density projects in the urban area in terms of residential properties, and will focus on developing integrated projects with shopping malls as the core (similar to Shenzhen City Crossing Phase 1) in terms of investment holding, and then replicate these products rapidly throughout the country.
The Group s key competitive strategy is differentiation through unique architectural designs, property management services and customer-centric selling processes. The Group will strive to be innovative in these areas through which our brand s sustainable competitive advantages will be based.
The Directors believes that the Group s competitive edges lie in its differentiated business model, its clear and executable development strategy, an incentive mechanism that supports the implementation of such strategies, the solid support from its majority shareholder CRH, its in-depth know-how of the local market as well as its competent management team and the operation platform that supports a nationwide business. The Directors are confident that the Group will be able to achieve its goals by adhering to the above 
The Directors believes that the Group is in a stage of rapid growth with promising prospects.
Firstly, after the restructuring, the earning base of the Group has diversified from solely relying on property development to property development, rental income and long-term capital appreciation.
Given the rapid economic growth in China, the huge demand for residential properties and the appreciation in value of commercial properties, the Directors consider that this earning profile can give the Group the best balance between short term and long term 
Secondly, the nationwide development strategy implemented by the Group is bearing fruit. The nationwide residential property projects of the Group not only achieved satisfactory sales, but also attain rising profit margins. These projects are closing to completion and the results will be reflected in the financial statements through profit booking. The Directors expects that the Group s completed construction area will reach approximately 480,000 square metres in 2006 and will probably reach over 800,000 square metres and nearly 1,000,000 square metres in 2007 and 2008 respectively.
Thirdly, the rental income of the Group should also increase. First of all, the Group s biggest rental income contributor, Shenzhen City Crossing Phase 1, which has been in operation for just over one year, should see an increase in rent through a gradual upgrade in the tenant portfolio. Also, its turnover-rent should rise in tandem with the businesses of the tenants. In addition, as the Grand Constellation and U-Space Shopping malls located in Beijing have only commenced operation since the second half of last year, there is room for an increase in occupancy rates, while the full year rental income of the two projects will be reflected in this year. The occupancy rate of the shopping arcades of the Shanghai China Resources Times Square rose during the second half of last year and the rent relating to the new leases of Beijing China Resources Building also increased.
Fourthly, as the flagship of CRH, the Group will seek to acquire more real estate assets from its parent company at the right time with the right means as long as they are in line with the development strategy of the Group. They will become another driving force for the Group s growth.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board of Directors and the shareholders, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to all the staff for their hard work in the past financial year.

27th March, 2006 
