Chairman s Statement The Group s various businesses are bearing fruit, we are full of confidence to our promising future.
The year 2006 was the first financial year of the Group after transforming from a residential property developer into an integrated real estate company. It was also a fruitful and remarkable year of comprehensive development for the Group.
In the year, the Group experienced balanced and rapid growth in terms of the results of residential property development and leasing, and established a future profit-generating model comprising three major elements: property development, rental income and long- term capital appreciation. Through its penetration into some new cities, the Group substantially expanded its land bank in 2006.
Furthermore, the Group acquired a parcel of land in Chengdu and the interests in a parcel of land in Beijing from CR Holding, our major shareholder, in December 2006. All of the above will lay a solid foundation for the continuous, healthy and rapid development of the Group in the future.
The Group s consolidated turnover and profit attributable to shareholders for the year were HK$3,937 million and HK$859 million respectively, representing an increase of 45.4% and 123.3% over 2005. Earnings per share was HK27.2 cents representing a year on year growth of 11.3%. The Board of Directors (the Board ) declared a final dividend of HK5.1 cents, together with the interim dividend of HK2 cents per share, making a total dividend of HK7.1 cents per share for the whole year, representing an increase of 115.2% when compared with the final dividend of HK3.3 cents per share in 2005.
The profit margin of the Group increased significantly in 2006.
Gross profit margin and net profit margin surged from 19.4% and 14.2% in 2005 to 27.6% and 21.8% in 2006 respectively. With respect to the rental business, the premier large scale rental properties, which were acquired from our major shareholder CR Holding, including Beijing China Resources Building, Shanghai China Resources Times Square, Shenzhen City Crossing Phase 1 and its currently developing Phase 2, have been consolidated into the Group s profit and loss account since 1 January 2006. Together with the strong underlying growth of its own rental properties, turnover from rental properties and property management soared to HK$816 million, representing a 411.1% year-on-year increase.
Driven by the growth in completion area and selling price for the full year, turnover from residential property development in 2006 increased to HK$3,121 million, representing a year on year growth 
Outlook of the Mainland Property Market In the past two years, the PRC government implemented a number of new macro-control measures on the real estate market in terms of land supply, financing, tax and rules and regulations, aiming to further curtail property speculative and investment activities, stabilize property prices and regulate residential property transactions, so as to prevent excessive investment in the property market in certain cities and overshooting of property price. The real estate market in the PRC would benefit from those measures implemented by the PRC government which help maintain an healthy and orderly development.
No impact on the sales of our properties in real terms by such austerity measures has been shown since the properties developed by the Group generally target at end users while those measures are targeted to suppress the speculative demand. On the other hand, the Group has a large number of commercial properties which are not affected by the macro-control measures, including the recently implemented land appreciation tax policy.
In the long run, the austerity measures will have positive impacts on the domestic real estate industry and on the Group s overall performance. Firstly, with sustained booming of the domestic economy, increasing disposable income and spending power amongst the community, as well as accelerating urbanization, the population of the middle class will continue to grow, generating increasing demand on residential property market with sufficient purchasing 
Secondly, effect of land appreciation tax on profit and cash flow will be offset partially by the advantages brought by the unification of enterprise income taxes implemented by the PRC government.
Further, industry players will be increasingly aware of risk exposure and more capable of mitigating risk under the macro-economic environment, thereby facilitating an orderly real estate industry, which will ultimately create a sustainable and healthy industry 
Moreover, the implementation of the austerity measures will bring along an accelerated industry consolidation and an optimized allocation of land resources. Industry players with strong capital base, renowned brand name and competent development capabilities, including the Group, are set to capture this valuable opportunity for further expansions.
Strategy and Prospect Our development strategy was further refined in the past year.
Devoted to provide quality properties and services in the PRC, the Group will improve the productivity of the value chain of real estates, and promote the corporate image and project brand of China Resources Land by means of differentiation through unique architectural designs and composite services. We aim at becoming a competitive and leading integrated property company, in terms of company scale and return on net assets, in the PRC real estate industry within the coming years, in order to cater for the increasing demand of residential properties from middle-to-high income consumers, as well as leasing demand of operation premises from brand retailers and offices from high-end corporations.
In accordance with its overall development strategy, the Group will continue to allocate more resources to first-tier cities, relatively developed cities and medium sized projects. The Group will also maintain proper composition of residential and rental properties, accelerate the pace of land bank expansion and foster a strategy- complemented national geographical coverage. With respect to residential properties, our focus will be on low-rise in the suburban area, such as La Firenze, high rise apartments with luxury decoration in the urban area, such as Phoenix City and The Bund Side, and high-end products. Meanwhile, the Group is exploring residential + large shopping mall projects, which target to leverage on large scale residential properties to drive the development of commercial properties. We intend to achieve synergies by combining our ability in developing residential projects and shopping malls.
Regarding investment properties, we will focus on the development of cosmopolitan complex projects with shopping malls as the core, and will subsequently replicate these products throughout the country. Our strategy is to expand mainly by ways of independent operation and organic growth, together with the establishment of joint ventures and acquisition and mergers.
In view of the outstanding results of 2006, the board of directors is confident of the future. The Group s various businesses are bearing fruit. Profit of the Group will grow rapidly in the next couple of years driven by the increases in rental, completion residential area and profit margin. According to the current estimation, the completion area of the Group will reach approximately 620,000 square meters in 2007 and boost to approximately 1,800,000 square meters in 2008.
Last, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to the shareholders, for their support to the Group s development, and all the staff, for their contribution to the Group s satisfactory results in the past year.

