Chairman s Statement In 2011, the Group s consolidated turnover and profit attributable to shareholders reached HK$35,795 million and HK$8,070 million, increased by 39.1% and 34.4% respectively over the corresponding period of 2010. As of 31 December 2011, the Group s earnings per share increased by 23.7% year on year to HK147.7 cents, and net assets per share increased by 22.4% to HK$10.4 over the same period of 2010.
The board of directors recommended a final dividend of HK16.6 cents per share, together with the 2011 interim dividend of HK9.5 cents, the annual dividend in 2011 amounted to HK26.1 cents per share, the payout ratio in 2011 was 27.0%.

2011 was a year with deepened policy tightening towards property sector. During the year, the Group proactively implemented the balanced sales policy and achieved substantial growth in both revenue and profit attributable to shareholders. During the year under review, the Group achieved consolidated turnover and profit attributable to shareholders of HK$35,795 million and HK$8,070 million, increased by 39.1% and 34.4% year on year respectively. Specifically, the residential development business turnover amounted to HK$31,301 million, up 38.6% year on year; rental income from investment property business including hotel operation totaled HK$2,792 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 57.1%.

In 2011, along with its expansion in business scale, the Group firmly implemented its strategy to speed up asset turnover. As such, the Group has streamlined its product lines, enriched its handbook for duplicable products, and re-adjusted benchmark periods between land acquisition and initial presale, all of which have effectively improved execution efficiency. During the year under review, a total of seven projects launched presales within 10 months after land acquisitions.
Meanwhile, in order to better cope with the impact of policy tightening which has served to curb investment demands, the Group timely adjusted its development strategies and its project positioning in response to changing market conditions, with an aim to tailor its products largely to meet end-user demands in its residential portfolio.
In 2011, Dalian Maritime and Hangzhou MIXc Residence were rewarded with Tien-yow Jeme Civil Engineering Prize by China Civil Engineering 
In 2011, Shenyang The MIXc shopping mall and CR Building as well as Beijing Rainbow City came into operation on schedule, thus further enlarged the Group s investment property portfolio. The Group strategically penetrated into more third-tier cities by adding land banks suitable for Residential + Rainbow City typed developments that are mixed with residential and commercial elements, while also making strenuous efforts to speed up development and shorten development cycle for investment property projects, including those for MIXc 
Value-added service is a unique component in the Group s business model and forms the core part of the Group s overall competitiveness.
In 2011, the Group continuously strengthened the promotion and innovation efforts in relation to its standardized storage space product series , satisfactory accomplishments were achieved in standardizing and patenting its product designs and in marketing products under specifically-created brands. During the year, the Group obtained six national patents in its standardized and storage space product series .
Other value-added services are also piloted and experimented with satisfactory results, including those related to more optimal utilization of public spaces, such as lobby and parking areas.

Persisting with its well-established and articulated business model, i.e.
residential development + investment property + value-added services , the Group has acquired a total GFA of 9.42 million square meters land bank since the beginning of 2011 in a strategy-guided manner. Those projects shared the commonality in low land costs and were mostly located in second- and third-tier cities where property prices remained reasonable. As of 7 March 2012, the Group s geographic reach was further expanded to 39 cities with a total land bank of GFA 29.85 million square meters, among which residential land bank was 25.49 million square meters, investment property under construction was 4.36 million square meters, and operating investment property was 1.61 million square meters.
The Group has now established a land bank portfolio that is reasonably balanced in its proportion for residential development and investment properties, ideally diversified in its geographic reach, strategically matching to the Group s long term plan, and can largely support the Group s development needs in the coming years. While leveraging its unparalleled advantages in its access to quality and low cost land bank and to low cost funding, the Group would increase its quality land reserves in a disciplined and strategy-guided manner and on a selective basis while strictly adhering to its financial criteria, and maintaining an ideal balance between the need of business development and financial 
In 2011, thanks to its prudent financial policies, the Group s total interest bearing debt ratio, net interest bearing debt ratio and EBITDA to interest coverage ratio were all kept well under control within the safe range determined by rating agencies. In the year under review, both Standard & Poor and Moody s assigned the Group BBB long- term corporate credit rating.

In 2012, the Group will closely monitor market and keep ourselves alert and swiftly responsive to changing market conditions. Despite tough property market with certain challenges in 2012, the Group is confident in its business outlook. On one hand, the Group s residential bookable GFA and value of saleable resources in 2012 will increase substantially over 2011; on the other hand, the Group s bookable and saleable resources will spread over a greater number of cities and projects, and with higher proportion from second- and third-tier cities, where end- user demands dominate the markets. What s more, rental income is expected to have significant growth with Chengdu The MIXc and other investment properties coming into stream this year. Contracted sales from some non-residential products will also become the new engine for contracted sales growth.
As of 7 March 2012, the Group has achieved contracted sales of RMB4,371 million year to date. Together with the contracted value of RMB30,980 million in property sales that was achieved before 2012 but not yet recognized, the Group had a total contracted value of RMB35,351 million to be recognized in 2012 and coming years.
Specifically, the Group has so far locked in RMB18,611 million in development revenue for recognition in 2012, thus laying down a solid foundation for promising financial results in 2012.

