Chairman s Statement Total GFA of 
Driven by strong fundamental demand, China s real estate market boomed in both investment and sales throughout the year of 2013.
After baptism of years of intense market competition, the Group s business strategy has gone through a continued process of refinement, adjustment and optimization and is now better adapted to evolving market conditions. The Group s differentiated business model of residential development + property investment + valued-added services brings strong competitive advantages.
The Group s efforts in adjusting product mix in response to changes in market demand, strengthening internal management for optimized cost controls, and enhancing execution to improve development efficiency are fully reflected in the annual results of 2013. During the year, the Group achieved satisfactory growth in contracted sales, booked revenue, rental income, and core profit contribution, and reached their historical highs in all those parameters.

In 2013, the Group s consolidated turnover and profit attributable to the owners of the Company reached HK$71,389 million and HK$14,696 million, up by 60.9% and 39.1% respectively when compared with the prior year.
Specifically, turnover from the residential development business reached HK$64,818 million, up by 68.3% year-on-year; rental income from investment property business and hotel operations totalled HK$4,622 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 27.4%.
As of 31 December 2013, the Group s earnings per share increased by 38.6% year-on-year to HK252.1 cents, and net assets per share increased by 22.6% from HK$11.86 to HK$14.54. The Board recommended a final dividend of HK36.4 cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK7.3 cents per share, the full year 2013 dividend amounted to HK43.7 cents per share, representing an increase of 30.1% over the full year dividend of the year ended 31 December 2012 ( Year 2012 ) which was HK33.6 cents per share.

Benefiting from favorable market supply and demand situation and a strong growth of the Group s saleable resources, the Group s contracted sales reached RMB66,306 million with a contracted gross floor area ( GFA ) of 5.78 million square meters, representing a year-on-year growth of 27.0% and 
As a key element of its differentiated business model, the Group continued to expand its scale and coverage of its residential value-added services. The Group s emphasis on high quality further strengthens its position and reputation in the market. During the year, the Group was awarded gold medals of the 2013 Tien-yow Jeme Civil Engineering Prize by the China Civil Engineering Society in recognition of the fine engineering work of the Group s Dalian Maritime and Chengdu Twenty-Four City projects.

Premium investment property assets form the Group s core value and are the cornerstone of the Group s long-term development. It is also a core element in the Group s differentiated business model.
The Group currently operates five MIXc complexes and one Hi5 complex, and its investment property portfolio continued to expand over the years. Total GFA of operational investment property reached approximately 2.29 million square meters as at the end of 2013. During the year, rental income grew by 27.4% year-on-year, due to increase in average rental levels, as well as contribution from projects that newly commenced operation such as Beijing Hi5 Phase 2.
The Group has ten years of successful experience in commercial real estate.
As a market leader, the Group still remains prudent about each project, and strives for perfection in every aspect including design, market position, construction, tenant recruitment and operation, in an effort to maintain its leading position in the increasingly competitive commercial real estate market. With the commencement of operations of various MIXc and Hi5 projects going forward, the value and scale of the Group s investment property portfolio will be elevated to a higher level.

Since the beginning of 2013 until end of February 2014, the Group continued to accumulate quality land bank on a selective and prudent basis and in a strategy-guided and disciplined manner, and has acquired 34 land parcels with an attributable consideration of RMB39,536 million. The attributable GFA was increased by 10.10 million square meters during this period, including 4 MIXc complex projects in Shenzhen Qianhai, Taiyuan, Xiamen and 
With the completion of the national strategic layout, the Group will focus on reinforcing its operations in strategically core regions going forward. As of 28 February 2014, the Group has presence in 50 cities, with a total land bank GFA of 35.81 million square meters, of which residential land bank was 29.32 million square meters, and land bank for investment properties under construction and planning was 6.49 million square meters. The Group currently has an adequate land bank to satisfy its development needs for the next few years. The land bank portfolio also matches the Group s business model in general.

While the core business achieved robust growth, the Group continued its deleveraging process during the year that began since 2011. The Group s debt ratios further lowered from the previous year, leading to a healthier financial position. As at the end of December 2013, total interest-bearing debt ratio and net gearing ratio stood at 41.0% and 39.2% respectively and were significantly lower than 43.9% and 49.6% as at the end of December 2012. As at 31 December 2013, the Group s average funding cost of its interest-bearing debt remained at industry low level at 3.76%.

Looking forward in 2014, China s real estate market is expected to face challenges from liquidity squeeze in the capital markets and potential changes in the government s tightening policies. However, China is still in its middle stage of urbanization, and fundamental factors that support the healthy growth of China s property market like accelerating urbanization, stable economy, and consumption growth still exist. These macro factors are favorable to the Group s healthy development going forward. The Group is confident in the long-term development of China s property market and future prospects of the Group.
Along with the scheduled operations of various investment property projects in 2014, a strong foundation is being laid for the Group s implementation of its strategy and business model. The Group will adhere to its business model, continue to focus on the mainstream market, continuously optimize its product mix, and improve operations of its investment properties, while monitoring market risk at the same time. The Group is confident in continuous value creation for its shareholders (the Shareholders ) and achieving win- win situation for all parties involved, including its customers, employees as well as Shareholders.
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to sincerely thank each and every Shareholder. Your support over the years has helped to evolve the Group so that we can become what we are today. We believe your continued support will take the Group to an ever brighter future.

