Chairman s Statement The Group has its vision to promote the value of urban life and to help people fulfill their dreamed living, aims to become the most prominent integrated property company in China and a market leader in mid-to-high end residential and investment property sectors by way of its persistent pursuit of quality excellence and the differentiated competitive strategy and its adoption of unique business model of residential development + property investment + value-added services .
2010 Annual Results and Dividend 
In 2010, the Group s consolidated turnover and profit attributable to shareholders reached HK$25,729 million and HK$6,026 million respectively, increased by 54.5% and 40.0% over the corresponding period of 2009. The residential development business turnover amounted to HK$22,587 million, with a year on year growth of 56.3%; the turnover of investment property business including hotel business amounted to HK$1,777 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 59.6%.
In 2010, residential development business witnessed a substantial enhancement in its gross profit margin with it rising by 5% from 34.1% in 2009 to 39.4%; EBITDA margin of property leasing business recorded a decline from 69.1% in 2009 to 60.2% in 2010, due primarily to Hangzhou MIXc, which came into operation at the end of April 2010, with relatively low first-year rental contribution due to certain rental free periods and relatively high initial operating 
In consistence with its dividend payout policy, the Group declared a final dividend of HK21.5 cents per share, an increase of 17.5% compared to HK18.3 cents per share for the corresponding period of 2009. Together with the interim dividend of HK9.5 cents, the annual dividend of 2010 amounted to HK31.0 cents per share. The payout ratio in 2010 was 27.0%, the same level as for 2009.

During 2010, the Group added a total gross floor area of 6.60 million square meters to its land bank. Together with the new land bank acquired in Harbin, Zibo, Hefei, Taizhou and Dalian since the beginning of 2011, as of 23 March 2011, the Group has established its presence in 31 cities nationwide with a total land bank of 26.66 million square meters in gross floor area, of which land bank for residential development stood at 22.45 million square meters while that of investment properties under construction and investment properties in operation totaled 4.21 million square meters and 1.15 million square meters respectively.
The Group has now established a land bank portfolio that is reasonably balanced in its proportion for residential development and investment properties, ideally located in its geographic reach.
Current land bank portfolio represents a strategic match to the Group s long term plan, can largely meet the needs for the Group s development in the coming years.
Vision and Development Strategy The Group has its vision to promote the value of urban life and to help people fulfill their dreamed living, aims to become the most prominent integrated property company in China and a market leader in mid-to-high end residential and investment property sectors by way of its persistent pursuit of quality excellence and the differentiated competitive strategy and its adoption of unique business model of residential development + property investment + 
The Group s differentiated competitive strategy, unique business model of residential development + property investment + value- added services along with quality excellence form the core components of the Group s development strategy, which in turn guarantees the Group to achieve its vision and helps to build up long-term core competitiveness.
Under guidance of the aforementioned strategies, after years of persistent efforts, the Group has formed six series of residential products, including Park Lane Manor Series, the premium high- rise residential products in urban area; Blue Lake City Series, the premium mixed density residential products in suburban area; Central Park Series, the elite high-rise residential products in city centre; Oak Bay Series, the elite mixed density residential products in suburb area; MIXc ResidenceThe Arc Series, the luxury high rise residential products in city centre; and The Bound Series, the luxury low rise residential products in suburb area. These product lines are tailored for different customer needs ranging from living improvement, quality pursuit to high-end home purchase. At present, the Group s metropolitan complex project City Crossing , which has been highly recognized by the market and industry peers, has been introduced to eight cities in China, two of which have been completed, the other six are under construction. In addition, Regional Commercial Center (named as Rainbow City Series ), currently being piloted in Beijing Oak Bay project, have further broadened our commercial product lines and expanded our geographic presence.
The Rainbow City Series have recently been introduced to several cities in China, including Beijing, Shanghai and Zibo.
Since its successful trial in Beijing Oak Bay Project, the standardized and serialized storage space , as the first of such value-added services offered to the market, has already been extended to 17 cities; meanwhile, the Group has introduced other value-added services on a trial basis, including in-house developed flexible adjustable furniture . Those services were applauded by customers and market when being applied in Beijing Eco Living project and helped the project to achieve better sales and premium in selling 
During the year under review, the Group had reformed its organizational structure and managerial framework to add a layer of regional headquarters between the group headquarter and city companies. Introduction of this new dual-headquarter managerial framework (group headquarter + regional headquarters) represents a major milestone in the evolvement of corporate management structure of the Group, in light of the Group s rapid expansion, by the needs for a more disciplined and systematic product duplication on a basis of well-established standardized product lines, and the needs for a more accelerated asset turnover. It is also aimed to better accommodate the Group s long-stated differentiated business strategy and better serve the Group in its efforts to achieve its strategic goal of high quality, high efficiency and low cost more effectively. We believe this reform will have profound impacts to the Group s future 
Since April 2010, the Chinese government has launched new rounds of tightening policies towards property sector. The introduction of the tightening measures has effectively reined property prices in China from rising further, the trend seen since the second half of 2009, and has curbed over-speculation in the sector. In the long run, these tightening measures are beneficial and essential for sustainable and healthy development of China s property market. The ultimate purposes of these policies are to avoid the rapid and irrational increases in land cost and property prices, thus to ensure social harmony as well as sustainable development of the industry, while protecting the real economy from potential damage caused by the collapse of asset bubbles.
Despite the uncertainties in the industry, the Group is fully confident about achieving its target performance in 2011. On one hand, there will be substantial increase in both bookable GFA and saleable GFA in 2011; on the other hand, there will be an increased number of cities and projects contributing to revenues and contracted sales, with a bigger proportion from second or third tier cities where end- user demands dominate local markets. Furthermore, a new series of commercial properties, namely Hangzhou MIXc Phase 1 launched last year, Shenyang MIXc Phase 1 and Beijing Oak Bay Commercial (Rainbow City Phase 1) to be launched this year, will also become new growth drivers for our recurrent rental incomes. As of 23 March 2011, the Group has achieved total contracted sales of RMB5,054 million in 2011, representing an increase of 72.5% over the same period of 2010. Together with an unrecognized contracted value of RMB21,037 million achieved before 2011, the Group has so far locked in a total unrecognized development revenue of RMB26,091 million as of 23 March 2011, among which, RMB19,296 million will be booked in 2011, thus laying down a solid foundation for sustainable growth and promising financial results of 2011.

