In view of this complex operational environment and fierce market competition, the Group actively adjusted its product strategy, optimized the product mix, strengthened cost control, and enriched customers experience. As a result, the Group achieved sustainable growth in its sales volume, rental income as well as overall earnings.

In Year 2014, the Group achieved a total consolidated revenue of HK$88,381 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 23.8%; core profit attributable to the owners of the Company excluding revaluation gain from investment properties reached HK$11,802 million, up by 25.0% year-on-year; profit attributable to the owners of the Company including the revaluation gain from investment properties remained flat year-on- year at HK$14,708 million. During the year, the Group s earnings per share achieved HK252.2 cents, flat year-on-year, while core earnings per share increased by 24.9% year-on-year to HK202.4 cents. As of 31 December 2014, the net asset per share increased by 13.9% year-on- year to HK$16.6.
The Board recommended a final dividend of HK41.0 cents per share of the Company ( Share ), together with the interim dividend of HK8.5 cents per share, the 2014 full-year dividend amounted to HK49.5 cents, representing an increase of 13.3% over that of 2013.

In Year 2014, revenue from development property amounted to HK$80,482 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 24.2%. Gross profit margin of development property was 29.3%, notably improved from 26.1% in full year 2013.
During Year 2014, the Group focused on the mainstream market and adjusted product mix to meet customers needs. By implementing flexible and targeted sales strategies, the Group was able to achieve steady sales growth amidst the weak environment of Chinese property market. During Year 2014, the Group achieved contracted sales of RMB69,210 million with a contracted gross floor area ( GFA ) of 6.60 million square meters, up by 4.4% and 14.2% year-on-year respectively.
The Group sticks to its high quality development strategy and has gained market s recognition through providing premium quality products and services to its customers. During Year 2014, projects including Shanghai Oak Bay Phase 3, Fuzhou Oak Bay Phase 3, Mianyang Central Park Phase 1 & 2 and Dalian Maritime Phase 3 were awarded the gold medals of 2014 Chinese Tien-yow Jeme Civil Engineering Prize Outstanding Residential Community .

In Year 2014, the rental income of the Group s investment properties (including hotel operations) increased by 17.6% year-on-year to HK$5,436 million. As at 31 December 2014, total GFA of the Group s operational investment properties reached 3.41 million square meters, including 8 Mixc and 4 Hi5 malls.
In Year 2014, the six shopping malls commenced operation successively, including Zhengzhou The Mixc, Hefei Shushan Hi5, Ningbo Yuyao Hi5, Chongqing The Mixc, Shanghai Nanxiang Hi5 and Wuxi The Mixc. Opening rates of all above malls were over 80% on the grand opening day. This market-leading opening rate performance has further proved the Group s outstanding capability in leasing and operating commercial properties, which has brought the Group closer to achieving its strategic goal as the Leader of China s Commercial Property .
The Group highly values the operation of its malls, and has been continuously optimizing tenants mix to meet the change of customers needs and shopping habit. Moreover, the Group improved its customer service and experience and enhanced its core competency by gradually standardizing its services, enriching operational capability and integrating the Group s nationwide resources to build its commercial brand image. In Year 2014, in spite of the challenges from slowdown in high end retail sales and competition from overseas shopping and e-commerce expansion, the retail sales of the Group s five mature malls were all among the top performers in each respective city, while Shenzhen The Mixc s retail sales ranked the top nationwide.

In Year 2014, the Group continued its promotion of value-added services: emphasis on the research of fitting and decoration value-added service for residential projects; promotion of value-added service systems such as CR Life , Joy Club and CR Home in property management; and application of value-added service system aiming to better serve customers, tenants and partners in commercial projects.
In the future, the Group will continue to build its value-added service system tailored to customers needs. For residential development, the Group plans to fine-tune its fitting product line to better match market demands; for property management, the Group strives to pilot smart home and related technologies and services; for investment property, the Group plans to develop e-commerce platforms, boost offline consumption through quality online services, and continuously refine value-added services that are suitable for wider applications.

Guided by its business model and strategy of focusing on tier-1 and 2 cities , the Group acquired quality land bank on a selective and prudent basis while closely monitoring the land market. In Year 2014, the Group acquired 21 land parcels with a total consideration of RMB30,156 million (of which attributable consideration was RMB22,250 million). The Group s total GFA was increased by 8.42 million square meters, of which residential land bank was 7.51 million square meters and land bank for investment properties was 0.91 million square meters.
As of 31 December 2014, the Group s geographical presence had been expanded to 51 cities nationwide, with a total land bank GFA of 40.04 million square meters, of which 34.63 million square meters were for development properties, and 5.41 million square meters were for investment properties. The Group s land bank is sufficient for development needs for the next three to five years, while the land bank mix matches well with the Group s business model.

The Group continued to maintain its prudent financial policies. As of 31 December 2014, total debt ratio and net gearing ratio stood at 44.6% and 42.7%, higher than 41.0% and 39.2% respectively as at 31 December 2013, but were still at a relatively low level in the sector. During Year 2014, Standard and Poor s upgraded its credit rating on the Company to BBB+stable , while Moody s and Fitch maintained the Company s credit ratings of Baa1stable and BBB+stable respectively.
During Year 2014, the Group continued to diversify its high-quality debt investor base through capital market operations. Approximately US$1,950 million notes were issued under the Group s first-established US$2,000 million Medium Term Note Programme (MTN), which has ensured a long- term stable source of funds for the Group as well as optimized its debt structure to better match the asset-liability duration.
Corporate Social Responsibility Fulfilling social responsibility is a cornerstone for sustainable development for any corporation. The Group continues to uphold its green principles of no expense of environment for business development and no sacrifice of long-term interests of the environment in exchange for corporate s short- term benefits , and has strictly adhered to stringent standards of product and service quality. The Group also systematically promotes production safety, energy-saving and emission-reduction, and green construction certification. At the same time, the Group puts the career development of its staff at a high priority, striving to become a highly respected and recognized corporation by its clients, shareholders and staff.
In Year 2014, the Group achieved a four-star rating from the China Academy of Social Science Research Center (the Center ) on its Corporate Social Responsibility Report, which is the only four-star rated report in China s property sector by the Center. The Group was also ranked number 1 by the Center in Social Responsibility Development Index among 31 sampled property developers.

In 2015, China s property market is expected to face both challenges and opportunities. On one hand, China s economy has entered into a new normal state with slower growth rate. The positive effect of demographic dividend on the property sector has gradually weakened. Certain cities are still facing destocking pressure. Competition in investment property sector is also intensifying. All of the factors above result in a new normal state for the property sector. On the other hand, macro tightening policies have been gradually relaxed and monetary policy is expected to continue easing moderately. This favourable policy environment is expected to provide the sector an effective boost. Hence, the Group holds a cautiously optimistic view on the property market in 2015. Under the new normal state, the Group will grasp the favourable policies and sales windows, further optimize its product mix and control production costs to meet changes in customers needs, and accelerate assets turnover. Meanwhile, the Group will reinforce its investment property operations, standardize its overall operational system, reasonably adjust the development schedule of existing commercial projects, and continue to fine-tune its tenant mix.
After years of geographical expansion, the Group s commercial property has reached a considerable scale and has developed strong competitive advantages. In 2015, the Group will have a number of mixed use projects coming on stream. Current progress in leasing and opening preparation meets the Group s expectation. Moreover, while strengthening its own operational capability, the Group will actively explore e-Commerce opportunities and inject vigour into sustainable growth of its commercial properties along with the rapid rise of the internet economy, in order to maintain the Group s competitiveness in China s commercial property market.

