Chairman s Statement I am pleased to present to the shareholders my report regarding the operation of the Group.
The Group s consolidated turnover and profit attributable to shareholders for financial year 2004 were HK$2.41 billion and HK$150 million respectively, representing an increase of 92.4% and 90.4% as compared to 2003. Earnings per share were HK10 cents, increased by 90.4% from that of 2003. The Board of Directors recommends a final dividend of HK3 cents per share, making a total dividend of HK3 cents per share for the full year and representing an increase of 11.1% year-on-year.
Operation Review in 2004 In 2004, the Group achieved satisfactory sales, driven by the strong organic growth from its Beijing subsidiary and the contribution from the new Chengdu subsidiary. Total sales area were 367,248 square metres in gross floor area (GFA) terms, up 76.7% as compared to 2003. Total sales of property development projects were HK$2.14 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 49.4%. About 81% of the Group s property sales revenues for last year were generated from Beijing while the rest were from Chengdu.
The real estate market in China was booming in 2004. Despite the intense competition, the potential supply has been restricted as a result of the PRC Government s austerity measures and land supply tightening policy. According to the statistics provided by Beijing Statistical Bureau, new construction area in Beijing dropped 11.9% (2003: up by 2%) year-on-year in 2004 and the total new construction area fell below the total sales area for the first time in five years. Similarly, new construction area in Shanghai and Chengdu only recorded a slight increase of 2.1% (2003: increased 13.1%) and a decrease of 13.4% (2003: increased 43.6%) respectively.
On the other hand, in spite of the tightening of mortgage terms by local banks, the sales area in Beijing still managed to increase by 29.1% (2003: increased 10.4%) with a year-on-year sales revenues growth of 37.5% (2003: 10.1% growth) while the sales area and sales revenues in Shanghai recorded a year-on-year increase of 37.5% and 58.8% respectively, thanks to the rapid economic growth and the desire for better living conditions. With a more balanced demand and supply environment, the average property prices in Beijing, Shanghai and Chengdu rose 6.5%, 15.5% and 16.4% year-on-year 
The performance of the Group in Beijing was mainly fuelled by the strong sales of the Group s townhouse project, La Firenze, and the successful launch of its downtown project, Phoenix City phase 2.
On the back of the high transaction price fetched in a major land auction in the vicinity at the end of 2003 and the cancellation of toll for the Fifth Ring Road connecting the project to downtown, La Firenze attained record sales of over RMB100 million in several months, achieving a full-year sales of RMB612 million. For Phoenix City phase 2, it recorded a total sales of RMB431 million for the full year through organizing successful promotion activities such as The 1st Architectural Biennial Beijing 2004 and promotion tours for US customers. In addition, the U-Space project was basically sold out and construction of the Top Box project, which registered annual sales of RMB291 million, was completed in September last year. During the period, sale prices of most of the Group s projects in Beijing saw increases.
In Chengdu, phase 1 of the Group s Jade City project saw overwhelming market response. All of the 983 units put up for sale in the first half of the year, with a GFA of 121,944 square metres, were sold out in just a couple of days at prices that beat management s expectations. Management believes the success of phase 1 of the Jade City project will provide a solid foundation for the subsequent five phases. Planning of Jade City phase 2 is underway and the project is scheduled for launch in the third quarter this year. There will be 1,125 units with a GFA of 139,416 square metres for sale in phase 2 and the sale prices will be at premium to those of phase 1.
In Shanghai, difficulty in relocation has been a common problem faced by most if not all property developers in Shanghai.
Nevertheless, a breakthrough was made for the Group s The Bund Side project. Part of the site was cleared, which allowed phase 1 of the project with a GFA of 30,066 square metres to begin construction in August last year. Pre-sale is expected to begin in the first half of this year. So far, the market response is very good, hence the sale prices are expected to be satisfactory.
The Group s aggressive cost control measures are gradually bearing fruits. The construction costs of development projects like Grand Constellation, Phoenix City phase 2 and Top Box were lower than the initial estimation. The effect of the cost-saving measures will gradually reflect in the results when the above projects are booked.
Also, the Group s administrative expenses as a percentage of turnover is lower than most industry players.
The Group initiated industry benchmarking in 2004. Management believes that the Group has room for further improvement in several aspects, such as profit margins, project operating efficiency, selling expenses control and customer satisfaction. The Group also introduced a new appraisal system based on balanced score card during that year, which allowed its incentive mechanism to be greatly in coherence with the execution of the Group s strategy.
The central government promulgated a series of austerity measures in May last year, procuring local banks to tighten the credit granted to property enterprises. However, thanks to its strong financial strength, the Group is still being deemed as a preferred borrower of many banks, therefore the Group not only has easy access to capital but also enjoys the lowest interest rate among developers in China. The interest rates of the Group s newly made Renminbi loans since the second half of last year have been maintaining at a 10% discount to the benchmark borrowing rates.
Similarly, owing to the credit tightening policy imposed by local banks, land prices in China have started to soften. For those companies possessing stronger financial strength, it has been a good time to replenish land bank. Last year, the Group successfully acquired at low prices three pieces of land in Beijing, Wuhan and Hefei, respectively (Please refer to the Land Bank section for details). With the recent improvement in the Group s development efficiency, management estimates that the above new projects will be ready for pre-sale within this year.

In 2004, management further refined the Group s long-term development strategy. The Group aims at becoming a competitive and leading provider of quality properties and services in the real estate industry in Mainland China to cater for the increasing demand for residential properties from middle-to-high income consumers.
The Group s financial goals are to reach an annual turnover of $8 billion five years from now and to attain double-digit return on 
To achieve the above goals, the Group will continue to expand its business nationwide and penetrate to more cities. To ensure an effective geographical expansion, the Group will continue to focus on developing middle-to-low density projects in the suburban area and high-density projects in the urban area and then replicate these products rapidly throughout the country.
The Group s key competitive strategy is differentiation through unique architectural designs, property management services and customer-centric selling processes. The Group will strive to be innovative in these areas through which our brand s sustainable competitive advantages will be based.
The Board of Directors believes that the Group s competitive edges lie in its clear and executable development strategy, an incentive mechanism that supports the implementation of such strategies, the solid support from its majority shareholder China Resources Holdings, its in-depth know-how of the local market as well as its competent management team and the operation platform that supports a nationwide business. The Board of Directors is confident that the Group will be able to achieve its goals by adhering to the above development strategy.
Details of Property Sales In 2004, the Group s total sales area were 367,248 square metres in GFA terms. The sales progress of all of the Group s development projects being sold is listed below: 
The Group s key investment properties in Beijing City are as follows: The facelift project of Xidan Cultural Centre was completed and this underground shopping arcade was re-opened in May last year.
Occupancy rate is now close to 100%. The Group plans to boost its rental revenues by means of owning more retail properties. The Group will retain the shopping arcades of the Grand Constellation project and the U-Space project for long-term investment purposes.
The former consists of a gross area of 15,882 square metres, scheduled for opening by the end of 2005. The latter provides a gross area of 10,830 square metres and is likely to open in the second half year of this year.

The Group s policy is to maintain a land bank sufficient for the development for at least 3 years.
Last July, the Group added to its land bank one piece of land in Beijing and, in September, bought another two pieces of land, via tender and listing, in Wuhan and Hefei respectively. Total land costs amounted to more than RMB600 million with total site area of 322,987 square metres and expected total saleable area of more than 450,000 square metres. Meanwhile, the Group has paid the land premium for Phoenix City phase 3 and office project, Majestic Garden project phase 3 and U-Space phase 2 in Beijing in order to secure their development rights. Moreover, management will source new lands in Beijing and other secondary cities pro-actively during the second half of this year to further strengthen the Group s project pipeline. The current land bank of the Group is summarized as 
Borrowings and Financial Leverage As of 31st December, 2004, the Group had consolidated borrowings of HK$3.75 billion. Cash and bank balances were HK$1.54 billion, of which 90% were denominated in Renminbi, and the rest were in US and HK dollars. The Group s net debt to net equity ratio stood 
Of the Group s total borrowings, about 43.4% were denominated in Renminbi, 41.2% in US dollars and 15.5% were in HK dollars.
Amongst the US dollar loans, US$65 million were hedged against currency risk so as to control the downside risk of currency fluctuation at a prudent level while leaving a certain degree of 
As of 31st December, 2004, about 51.6% of the Group s bank loans were due within one year and the rest were long term in nature. All of the loans matured within this year have been re-financed.
By taking advantage of the divergence of interest rates between HK and US dollars loans in last year and by re-negotiating its Renminbi loans, the Group maintains its borrowing cost at low levels. The Group s current borrowing costs for the former two were less than 3.5% per annum and that for the latter stands at 10% below the basis interest rate, which is the lowest level allowed by relevant regulations. At the end of last year, the average cost of debt of the Group was around 3.8% per annum.
Given the trend of increasing interest rate, the Group is actively studying the use of interest rate hedging instruments and manages its cash balance in better manner to minimize the adverse effect of interest rate increase. As of 31st December, 2004, all of the Group s Renminbi loans were in fixed rate and the foreign currency loans were in floating rate.
Employee and Compensation Policy As of 31st December, 2004, the Group employed approximately 1,000 full time staff in Mainland China and Hong Kong (including its property management and agency subsidiaries). The Group remunerates its employees based on their performance, work experience and the prevailing market wage level. In addition, performance bonuses are granted on a discretionary basis. Other employee benefits include provident fund, insurance and medical coverage as well as share option scheme.

Driven by the clear strategy, the nationwide expansion and the cost control measures, the Group expects its business results to enter into a period of sustainable growth. As such, the Board of Directors is very confident towards the future.
Currently, the Group s inventory of 2.28 million square metres in GFA terms has high liquidity and tight development schedule. Those sites represent eight key projects spanning across five booming regional markets. As a result of the implementation of our nationwide development strategy, the risk of property market fluctuation within individual city has been effectively controlled.
Meanwhile, all the land under new projects have been appreciated and is expected to yield double-digit internal rate of return on capital, which will enhance the Group s overall return on equity.
Furthermore, marketing campaign for some of these projects has commenced and was well-received by potential customers. The management is full of confidence that project sales will go well.
Since the rate of growth of supply for the entire property market is lower than that of demand, the Group will enjoy even better profitability if property price further increases.
The Group s key projects on sale during the first half of this year are Phoenix City 2, Grand Constellation and La Firenze in Beijing as well as the The Bund Side Project phase 1 in Shanghai. New projects expected in the second half year include Beijing Phoenix City phase 3, Fortune Island (i.e. the newly acquired land in Beijing s Daxing District last year), Chengdu Jade City phase 2, Wuhan Phoenix City phase 1 and French Annecy Project phase 1 in Hefei City. Projects expected to be completed this year are La Firenze, Grand Constellation and Phoenix City phase 2 in Beijing as well as Chengdu Jade City phase 1.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board of Directors and the shareholders, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to all the staff for their hard work in the past financial year.

