Chairman s Statement I am pleased to present to the Shareholders my report of the operation of the Group.
Operating Results for the Year In 2002, the Group s consolidated turnover dropped 67% to HK$1.13 billion. Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$74.75 million, representing a decrease of 53% over the same period of last year.
Earnings per share were 5.0 HK cents, compared to 10.7 HK cents in 
In order to attain a higher degree of completion, most key projects of the Group (such as La Firenze Phase 2, U-Space, Top Box, etc.) were launched only after September last year. In the first half of 2002, the Group mainly concentrated in selling a limited amount of remaining units left over from old projects. As a result, the Group experienced a substantial decline in the amount of saleable resources in 2002. Also, for conservative purpose, the Group decided to make allowance against both of its inventory of properties and long overdue accounts receivable. These were the main factors behind the setback of the Group s financial performance in 2002. However, the Group has already taken steps to ensure a steady supply of new projects in the 
Despite the decrease in earnings, the Board of Directors has recommended the payment of a final dividend of 2.7 HK cents per share. As such, the total dividends for fiscal year 2002 (2.7 HK cents per share) will represent an increase of 23% year-on-year over that of previous year (2.2 HK cents per share) or a dividend payout ratio of 54% in 2002.

During 2002, 94% of the Group s turnover of HK$1.13 billion was generated from the sales of property development projects in Beijing City of the PRC. The Group sold and pre-sold approximately 107,715 square metres of property from the following key projects: Amid an increasingly competitive environment, value-for-money has become vital in order to attract customers and hence the Group has to offer products with a significant higher degree of quality and more features like better renovation, etc. Moreover, good pre- and post-sales services appear to be the keys to generate brand recognition and retain customer loyalty. On the latter front, the Group has reorganized its various functional departments to form a new customer-services division which comprised of its property management subsidiary, CRLand Club , legal department, property title-ship services department and other customer services personnel.
The Group also introduced the first 800 one-stop customer services telephone hotline amongst property companies in Beijing in a bit to further differentiate its service level from the rest of the pack.
Meanwhile, the Group has implemented stringent cost control measures in such areas as procurement and construction, etc. to enhance its competitiveness. The Group has also taken advantage of the low interest rate environment of US dollars to reduce it financing 
The Directors believe that the PRC property market, which is currently extremely fragmented and competitive, is bound to consolidate and the Group will emerge as one of the winners on the back of its innovative products, well-regarded brand-name, abundant financial resources and sufficient land reserve.

The Group currently has three principal investment properties located in Xidan North Avenue which is one of the busiest commercial and retail areas in western downtown of Beijing City.
These are Xidan Cultural Centre, Huawei Centre and Huanan 
Last year, Xidan Cultural Centre, an under-ground shopping mall of 36,184 square metres, was leased out under various short-term contracts. However, it is currently closed for a major face-lift. The Group has retained a world renowned property agency as project consultant and lease agent for this property and expects it to be re- opened in the fourth quarter of this year.
Huawei Centre, an associate of the Group offering retail and apartment space, was leased out to various tenants and had an average occupancy rate of 77% in 2002. Huanan Building, a long term investment of the Group, was all leased out to two anchor tenants in 2002.

Last year marked a year of success in the Group s nationwide expansion with the establishment of its Shanghai and Chengdu regional subsidiaries its first investments outside of Beijing City.
The Group acquired two pieces of land in Shanghai and Chengdu, respectively and each calls for an expected total investment of approximately HK$1.5 to 1.6 billion. The Group plans to finance these projects by internal resources, bank loans and pre-sale proceeds. Both pieces of land are located in the downtown areas of the two Cities. The Shanghai site has a site area of 60,230 square metres and a gross floor area of 227,602 square metres and those of the Chengdu site are 387,236 square metres and 885,978 square metres, respectively. The Directors expect the Shanghai project to be per-sold in late 2003 or early 2004 and the Chengdu one to be launched in the second half of 2003.

With the addition of the Shanghai and Chengdu projects, the Group currently owns land bank of approximately 5.49 million square metres, in total gross floor area terms, in the PRC through its subsidiaries in Beijing, Shanghai and Chengdu Cities, respectively.
The Directors believe such amount of land reserve should be sufficient to support the Group s development in the future.
Debt and Gearing As of 31st December, 2002, the Group has total borrowings of approximately HK$2.1 billion, of which, about 39% was denominated in US dollars and the rest was in Renminbi. While all of the Group s revenues are denominated in Renminbi, the Group currently does not hedge its US dollars exposure as the Directors believe the US dollars Renminbi exchange rate is likely to remain stable. However, the Group will closely monitor the foreign exchange market and may hedge the exchange rate for part of its US dollars borrowings in the 
During 2002, the maturity profile of the Group s loans has improved considerably. At last year end, short term loan only represented 28.5% of the Group s total borrowings. Another 23.2% of the total borrowings will be due between one to two years and the remaining 48.2% due between two to five years. By April 2003, the bulk of the Group s short term loans have been refinanced and the Directors foresee no problem repaying the rest of the loans due within this year. The Directors also believe the current maturity profile of the loans of the Group should better match the long-term nature of its projects and hence represents a smaller financial risk.
By taking advantage of low US dollars funding cost and by restructuring its Renminbi loans, the Group substantially reduced its average cost of debt capital in 2002. In last fiscal year, the average cost of borrowings of the Group stood at 4.15% per annum, this compares to 5.5 to 6% per annum one year before. The Directors believe that, through re-negotiation and refinancing, the interest rate of a large portion of the Group s Renminbi borrowings will drop further from the current levels towards the end of this year. All of the Group s borrowings are floating rate in nature. At the end of 2002, the Group s did not pledge any of its assets against its borrowings.
In April 2002, the Group redeemed over 99% of the convertible bonds for approximately US$62 million at the option of the bond holders and in accordance with the bond issuing agreement. The rest of the convertible bonds will be redeemed in 2004 and are currently bearing an interest rate of 2% per annum.
Net-debt-to-equity ratio of the Group was 33.8% at the end of 2002.
Since the Group has a maximum total capital commitment of approximately HK$1.3 billion related to land costs in 2003, its net- debt-to-equity ratio may further increase. However, with unutilized banking facilities available to the Group at the balance sheet date amounting to HK$1.1 billion and the expected pre-sale proceeds to be generated in 2003, the Directors believe the Group should have no problem financing its capital commitment.
As of 31st December, 2002, total cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to approximately HK$772 million, of which, 33% was in US dollars deposits and the rest in Renminbi deposits.
Employee and Compensation Policy As of 31st December, 2002, the Group employed approximately 1,000 full time staff in Mainland China and Hong Kong. The Group remunerates its employees based on their performance, work experience and the prevailing market wage level. In addition, performance bonuses are granted on a discretionary basis. Other employee benefits include provident fund, insurance and medical coverage, company-sponsored training programmes as well as share 
The Directors believe that the long-term prospects of China s property market remain very promising. Demand should continue to growth at a stable rate. Such belief stems from the observations that firstly, there is a colossal need for the improvement of quality of living in major cities in China. Thanks to the housing reform in the late 90 s, today s housing market in China is full of entrepreneurial spirit. This, coupled with the surging affluence of the home-buyers, means better home should be in great demand.
Secondly, China is undergoing a rapid urbanization process. Since 1979, about 300 million people have been added to urban population or an extra 14 million people per annum. Consequently, the urban population has been and should be growing much faster than the national average. Also, a large number of existing dwellers in major cities like Beijing and Shanghai have been relocated and resettled to facilitate modernization of the Cities. These have created an unprecedented opportunity for property developers in China.
Thirdly, the high savings rate of people in China, the rising income level (especially the emergence of the higher income classes), the traditional emphasis on home ownership as well as government s pro-market mortgage policies should help translate the need for a better home into genuine demand of property purchase.
This being said, the Directors are also mindful of the temporary risks accompanying the secular growth trend. In particular, the Chinese property market seems to be experiencing some overheating. The government has also tightened the allocation of land supply and the People s Bank of China has adopted stricter credit policies towards developers. The Directors believe such policies are good and should bring forth the consolidation of the industry which should ultimately benefit well-capitalized developers like the Group.
Under such a backdrop and with enough land reserve, the focus of the Group this year is to generate sales and cash. The Group will be very selective in land bank replenishment this year but will nevertheless look to further expand its national footprint when the right opportunity comes. The Group is currently studying the residential real estate markets of cities like Chingqing and Nanjing etc. The Directors are confident that the Group will become one of the biggest and most profitable property companies in China in the 
On behalf of the Board of Directors and the Shareholders, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to all the staff for their hard work in the past year.

