Chairman s Statement The Group s various businesses are bearing fruit, we are full of confidence to our promising future.
The Group experienced another year of rapid growth in 2007. Fuelled by China s prosperous economy and real estate industry, the Group achieved satisfactory performances in both residential development and property leasing. Furthermore, the Group acquired the construction and decoration businesses from its major shareholder China Resources (Holdings) Limited ( CR Holdings ), during the year, aiming to further explore its potential, in integrating related segments along the full value chain of the property business and strengthen the Group s competitive edge in differentiation, while providing more value-added services to our customers. This strategic move has further solidified our foundation for the Group s sustainable, healthy and rapid growth well into the future.
Annual Results and Dividend Distribution This year, the Group realized consolidated turnover of HK$5,681 million and profit attributable to shareholders of HK$1,431 million, representing an increase of 44.3% and 66.7% respectively when compared with the year of 2006. Driven by year-on-year increase in completion areas and rising selling prices, turnover from residential development business raised to HK$4,334 million, representing an annual increase of 38.9%. Turnover from property leasing and management amounted to HK$986 million, a 20.9% increase over 2006. In 2007, the Group sustained its margin improvement, with its gross and net profit margin surged to 36.7% and 25.2% respectively from 32.4% and 21.8% for the corresponding period in 2006. Gross profit margin of residential development business surged from 23.8% in 2006 to 32.5% in 2007. Gross profit margin of property leasing and management increased from 65.2% in 2006 to 66.4% in 2007, while that of value-added services in 2007 was 6.0%.
A final dividend of HK7.4 cents per share was recommended.
Together with interim dividend of HK2.4 cents per share, this makes a total dividend of HK9.8 cents per share for the full year, representing a year-on-year increase of 38.0% when compared with a total dividend of HK7.1 cents for the full year in 2006.

The Group accelerated its efforts in replenishing its land bank in a well-planned, differentiated and strategy-guided manner. In consistency with and in support to the Group s overall strategy to foster a nation-wide geographical presence, the Group s land replenishment is implemented under and guided by the following strategic principles: first, resources are geared more towards medium-sized land and towards first-tier, relatively more developed and economically prosperous cities; second, geographically penetrating into second and third-tier cities with prudent strategic guidances and differentiated plans. As of the end of 2007, including acquisition of Wuxi, Hangzhou and Dalian projects from our major shareholder CR Holdings, we replenished 14 parcels of land sites, raising our land bank by 8.15 million square metres to 17.79 million square metres. Along with the rapid increase in the total size of our land bank, we maintained an optimal ratio between the land bank for residential development and that for investment property.
During the year, we entered into 7 new cities namely Chongqing, Xiamen, Tianjin, Mianyang, Hangzhou, Wuxi and Dalian, expanding our geographic reach from 9 cities to 16, complementary to our well-formulated nation-wide expansion strategy. As a result, the Group has by now established its strong footholds in major cities that are important to China s real estate market, and our land bank is now sizeable enough to meet the needs of rapid growth for the coming years. In cities already entered, we would spade husbandry to enhance and strengthen the sustainable development of those 
In the past year, the Group continued to adhere to our mission to provide quality and innovative property products and services to improve people s life; to be socially responsible in this era of rapid social and economic evolution; and to maximize the value for its shareholders and employees . We are committed to provide quality property products and services in Mainland China to persistently enhance productivity along the full value chain of all property segments by way of differentiation in our product design and integration of our service, to cater for the increasing demand for residential properties from middle to high income consumers, the demand for rental premises from brand retailers and that for office space from high-end corporate clients, and by doing so, to raise growing awareness of our brand both at the group and project levels. Ultimately, the Group aims to become a competitive and leading integrated provider of quality property products and services in the real estate market in Mainland China, and to become an industry leader both in terms of business scale and financial returns.
To satisfy our needs of providing differentiated and customized products and services, the Group acquired the construction and decoration operations from our major shareholder, CR Holdings, at a consideration of HK$170 million during the year. This strategic move has further allowed the Group to successfully transform its business model from residential development + investment property to residential development + investment property + value- added customer services , and, in turn, further strengthened the Group s competitive edge in differentiation, thus paved the way to enhance the Group s future profitability.

Further to the austerity measures implemented in 2005 and 2006, this year, the central government adopted certain new measures in relation to land supply, monetary and fiscal policies, industry regulation and market entry, aiming to further dampen speculative and investment demands, stabilize property prices and regulate residential property transactions. They also aim to cool down escalated property prices and excessive investment in property market in certain cities, so as to maintain a stable, rational and sustainable development for the real estate industry.
We believe that the government policy mainly targeted to curtail speculative investment activities, enhance residential security for low-income population and encourage end user demand. The Group s land bank is primarily located in city centers. In addition, we only have a minimal exposure in our land bank in Pearl River Delta area, where property prices surged the most in recent years and thus under imminent downside pressure. Further, the Group s products are generally targeted to meet end-user demands.
Therefore, the impact of austerity measures on us is relatively small.
Besides, the Group owns a large number of commercial properties which are less affected by austerity measures. In the long run, factors supporting the long-term growth of real estate property market (including sustainable economic growth, urbanization and demand for better living conditions) still exist and the potential market demand remains huge. We expect the real estate industry in China to regain its stable development, after a short period of transitional adjustments and we remain bullish on the long term prospects of the industry.
Looking into the future on a basis of our outstanding performance achieved in 2007, the Board of Directors is full of confidence about our promising future. Driven by factors such as the significant increase in residential completion area, profit margin and rental income, the Group is capable of sustaining its rapid growth rate while creating greater value to its shareholders and employees.
Last but not least, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to shareholders for their support to the Group s development, and to all the employees, for their contribution to the Group s satisfactory results in the past year.

28 March 2008, Hong Kong 
