Chairman s Statement The Group s various businesses are bearing fruit, we are full of confidence to our promising future.
The year of 2008 was an eventful year. Since the outbreak of the US sub- prime crisis in September 2007, the crisis has been evolving into a global economic crisis in an unprecedented manner and speed, and global credit crunch and demand slump thus resulted has further spread the crisis into real economy, posting a serious threat to fundamental health of global economy. On domestic front, Chinese economy, including its real estate industry, has been negatively impacted in short-term by factors such as the winter storms at the beginning of the year that is the worst in one hundred years, and the Sichuan earthquake catastrophe in 
Despite many uncertainties surrounding both domestic and international economy and a challenging operating environment, the Group has timely and effectively adjusted its products and marketing strategies to cope with evolving market conditions. At the same time, the Group has also made great efforts in strengthening its internal management, and reinforcing its cost control measures with an aim to achieve a higher operating efficiency. As a result, the Group achieved a balanced and steady growth in its two core businesses, namely residential property development and property leasing.
Annual Results and Dividend Distribution During the year under review, the Group s consolidated turnover and profit attributable to shareholders were HK$9,134 million and HK$2,038 million respectively, representing an increase of 60.8% and 42.4% over the corresponding period of 2007 respectively. As results of a large increase in the sales of residential properties from the same period of 2007, turnover of the residential development business increased to HK$6,949 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 60.4%. For the year of 2008, the business of property leasing and management sustained its growth, with an annual turnover of HK$ 1,131 million, an increase of 14.7% over the same period of 2007.
For 2008, gross profit margin of the residential development business was 33.7%, representing a slight increase from 32.5% of the corresponding period of 2007. The increase was mainly resulted from higher average selling prices for most of our projects and an increased portion of revenue coming from high margin projects. EBITDA profit margin of property leasing business stayed above 70%, while the gross profit margin of value-added services for the full year of 2008 was 12.0%.
In consistence with its payout policy, the Group declared a final dividend of HK 8.3 cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK 3.4 cents per share, the annual dividend of 2008 reached HK 11.7 cents per share, increased by 19.4% when compared with the annual dividend of HK 9.8 cents per share for the corresponding period of 2007.

In the first half of 2008, the Group acquired new land parcels from its major shareholder China Resources (Holdings) Co., Ltd. ( CR Holdings ) by placing new shares to CR Holdings. The acquired projects began to launch presales from the second half of 2008 onward. By building up a land bank that well matches its national development strategy in terms of its quality and geographic diversity, this acquisition has further solidified the foundation for the Group s sustainable and accelerated growth in the years to come.
Our land bank portfolio is now ideally balanced in its proportion for residential development and investment properties, and in its geographic mix. The size of our land bank is sufficient for our development in the coming years. While upholding its principals to ensure healthy cash flow and balance sheet, and to accelerate development of existing land bank, the Group will only increase its land reserves on a selective basis, and constantly focus on acquiring quality land parcels with relatively low 
Our long-stated and well-articulated mission is to provide quality and innovative properties and services in mainland China to constantly enhance the productivity along the full value chain of the property business by way of differentiation in product design and provision of comprehensive and integrated services. We are also dedicated to cater for the increasing demand for residential properties from middle-to-high income consumers, the demand for rental premises from brand retailers and that for office space from high-end corporate clients in order to raise the brand awareness of our products and projects. Ultimately, the Group aims to become a competitive and leading integrated provider of quality property products and services in the real estate market in Mainland China, and to become an industry leader both in terms of business scale and in terms of profitability in the coming years.
During the past year, the Group continued to adhere to its mission and strategy. In line with our strategy, we acquired from CR Holdings the furniture manufacturing and sales business in the first half of 2008 for a consideration of HK$197 million, and also 80% equity interest of Beijing American Club Co., Ltd. on 28 November 2008 at the cost of merely HK$1. The above purchases embodied the essence of our business 
The acquisition of the furniture manufacturing and sales business further enhanced its uniqueness in the Group s business model of residential development + property investment + value-added customer services . The move allows the Group to further explore integration potential along its value chain of the property business, to strengthen the competitive edge in its differentiated business model and to improve its long-term profitability.
Beijing American Club Co., Ltd. is the operating entity of the Beijing American Club. The attributable net book value for the 80% equity was HK$3,719,800 as of 31 October 2008. Beijing American Club itself is one of the key tenants and clients of Beijing China Resources Building Co., Ltd, which is a subsidiary of the Group. With a diverse and elite membership culled from both local and expatriate communities, Beijing American Club prides itself on having top drawer professionals, entrepreneurs, ambassadors and celebrities by providing them with exclusive and specialized services on food and beverage, meetings and entertainments. This strategic acquisition not only maintains and enhances the importance and the market image of Beijing China Resources Building as a Grade A office building in the industry, but also plays an influential role in its financial performance.

The Group is confident about the sustainability of a steady and rapid growth in China economy and the prospect of the real estate industry.
In the second half of 2008, the Chinese government implemented specific measures with an aim to stimulate domestic demand.
Correspondingly, the central government adjusted its fiscal policy and adopted a moderately relaxed monetary policy. Since September 2008, most of the local governments also announced and implemented various real-estate specific stimulative policies and measures catering to their respective local market conditions. The entire stimulus package not only is requisite for the sustainable growth of the economy, but also has been and will continue to be effective in spurring and releasing massive underlying demand for quality real estate products. The total contracted value and the contracted area achieved by the Group this year up to 22 March surged to RMB3,058 million and 390,000 square meters, respectively with significant year-on-year growth. Including the contracted value of RMB6,110 million property sales that has been achieved in the course of 2008 but is to be recognized in 2009, the Group has so far locked up total revenue of RMB8,644 million for the residential property development business.
The underlying factors supporting the long-term development of the property market in the PRC, including sustainable economic growth, on-going urbanization and increasing demand for living improvement continue to hold firm. Affordability-backed market demand remains strong. The periodic correction that we are currently experiencing has not and will not alter the fundamentals leading to a promising future for the industry in the long-run.
As a major integrated real estate company, the Group enjoys competitive advantages in terms of market reputation, capability and costs of funding. In addition, the Group s land bank is mainly located in prime areas of major cities, and most of our properties are catered for end- users. Furthermore, the Group is relatively less affected by the downturn of residential property market, thanks to its unique business model and its large portfolio of commercial properties.
The Board is fully confident of the Group s future development and its performance in 2009.

27 March 2009, Hong Kong 
