Chairman s Statement I am pleased to present to the shareholders my report about the operation of the Group.
Operating Results for the Year The Group s consolidated turnover and profit attributable to shareholders for financial year 2003 were HK$1.25 billion and HK$78.87 million, respectively. Earnings per share were HK5.2 cents. The Board of Directors recommends a final dividend of HK2.7 cents per share.
Review of Property Development Businesses in 
In 2003, all of the Group s property development revenues were generated from Beijing. According to the statistics provided by Beijing Statistical Bureau, total sales area of commodity residential housing in Beijing in 2003 were 17.71 million square metres with a total turnover of RMB78.92 billion, representing year-on-year growth of 10.4% (2002: 42.3%) and 10.1% (2002: 34.8%), respectively. In contrast, the Group registered rather impressive growth in property sales in 2003. Total sales area were 207,829 square metres in gross floor area (GFA) terms, up 92.9% year-on-year. Total contract value was HK$1.43 billion, representing an increase of 116.3% year-on- 
The real estate market in Beijing was severely impacted by the outbreak of SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome) in the first half of 2003. In response to the adverse situation, management swiftly changed marketing focus from downtown projects to La Firenze, a suburban townhouse and villa project, using green- living as an attraction. This move successfully restored the Company s sales. Later in the year, the Group launched two other commercial projects, namely, Grand Constellation and Top Box, which, under the corporate headquarters marketing concept, were warmly received by customers. As a result, the Group registered robust sales of HK$1.1 billion in the second half of 2003, accounting for 77% of full year contract value.
Furthermore, in June 2003, the People s Bank of China announced a series of measures (known as Circular 121 ) designed to tighten credit supply to the property industry in a bid to cool down the real estate sector and reduce overall financial risk. Against this backdrop, the Group took advantage of its listing status in Hong Kong and successfully obtained US dollar funding. This move not only secured a steady supply of capital for the Group but also further reduced its costs of borrowing.
As keen competition persisted, the Group continued to emphasize on cost savings. On one hand, the Group continued to use the tendering mechanism to ensure the lowest construction costs for reasonable quality. On the other, management remained mindful of expenses. While business volume substantially increased in 2003, selling expenses (pre-capitalization) declined by 32% year-on-year.
Moreover, although the Group set up two more operating subsidiaries in Shanghai and Chengdu last year, total administrative expenses (pre-capitalization) only rose modestly by 5% year-on-year.
Outside Beijing City, the Group s project in Chengdu experienced initial success (the results were not booked in fiscal 2003). Phase I of the Chengdu project offers a residential property development with a GFA of 125,400 square metres in 982 units. Up to the end of last year, the Group has received over 1,400 preliminary purchase orders. Formal contract signing is already underway and good progress has been made. Phase 1 of the project will be completed around December 2004. Phase 2 is in the planning stage and should be launched in the fourth quarter of 2004.
In Shanghai, the relocation of the existing dwellers from the project site, which is handled by the local government, has proceeded slower than expected. Hence, the launch of the Group s Shanghai project will be delayed. The Board of Directors expects the site for phase 1 of the project to be cleared by the second half of 2004 and pre-sale of the project to begin in the middle of 2005. Phase 1 of the Group s Shanghai project comprises GFA of around 87,535 square metres.
Details of Property Sales In 2003, all of the Group s property sales were generated from Beijing City. Total sales area were 207,829 square metres in GFA terms and total contract value was HK$1,432,056,160. Up to the end of 2003, the average percentage of completion was about 77%.

The Group s key investment properties in Beijing City are as follows: The facelift project of Xidan Cultural Centre is about to complete and the pre-lease exercise has been making good progress. Key tenants already committed include Singapore s 77th Street and the famous Beijing sports retailer, Sport 100 . Management expects an occupancy rate of close to 100%. The grand opening of this underground shopping mall designed for young customers is scheduled on 1st May, 2004. It will become one of the largest shopping malls along Changan Street in Xidan Shopping District offering a large number of choices in shopping, sports, leisure and 
The service-apartment and short-term rental businesses of Huawei Centre were adversely affected by SARS in the second quarter of last year. Consequently, its contribution to the Group in the first half of 2003 declined over the same period of the previous year.
However, businesses went gradually back to normal in the second half of 2003. Currently, the occupancy rate of its retail space is close to 100% and that of the service apartments is around 32%.

Since the Group has sufficient land bank to support growth in the intermediate future, it did not purchase any land in 2003. Total size of the Group s land bank at present is approximately 5.17 million square metres in GFA terms.
Borrowings and Financial Leverage As of 31st December, 2003, the Group had consolidated borrowings of HK$3.41 billion. Cash and bank balances were HK$1.39 billion, of which 85.7% were denominated in Renminbi, and the rest were in US dollars. The Group s net debt to net equity ratio stood at 
Of the Group s total borrowings, about 42.2% were denominated in Renminbi and the rest were in US dollars. Amongst the US dollar loans, US$65 million were hedged against currency risk so as to control the downside risk of currency fluctuation at a prudent level while leaving a certain degree of upside potential.
As of the balance sheet date, about 36.1% of the Group bank loans were due within one year and the rest were long term in nature. By exploiting the lower interest rates of its US dollar loans and re- negotiating its Renminbi loans, the Group s borrowing cost for the former is less than 2% per annum and that for the latter stands at 10% below the basis interest rate, which is the lowest level allowed by Chinese regulations. At the end of last year, the average cost of debt of the Group was around 3.13% per annum (2002: 4.15% per annum). All of the Group s loans are floating rate in nature.
Employee and Compensation Policy As of 31st December, 2003, the Group employed approximately 1,000 full time staff in Mainland China and Hong Kong (including its property management and agency subsidiaries). The Group remunerates its employees based on their performance, work experience and the prevailing market wage level. In addition, performance bonuses are granted on a discretionary basis. Other employee benefits include provident fund, insurance and medical coverage as well as share option scheme.

As the Group s nationwide strategy gradually bears fruit and with the successive launch of its new projects in Chengdu and Shanghai as well as the recovery of its Beijing operation, the Board of Directors is very confident about the prospects of the Group.
Specifically, while continuing to build on the sales momentum of the existing seven projects in Beijing, management will expedite the development of future key projects like La Firenze Phase 3 and Phoenix City Phase 3 and Phoenix City commercial areas . In Shanghai, the key is to ensure the groundbreaking of Shanghai Town Project phase 1 and the pre-sale to begin in 2005. In Chengdu, further to the success of Chengdu Jade City Project phase 1, management will speed up the launch of phase 2. Moreover, to further implement its nationwide expansion, the Group has sent task forces to prospective new markets like Wuhan and Chongqing.
The Board of Directors expects breakthrough in these new markets 
Lastly, on behalf of the Board of Directors and the shareholders, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to all the staff for their hard work in the past financial year.

