Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of Biostime International Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ), I am glad to present our Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2011 (the Annual Report ), which corresponds to the second year since our initial public offering on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) on 17 December 2010 (the Listing Date ).

As a premium provider of high-end pediatric nutritional and baby care products in China, the Group has been active in the development, marketing and sales of premium products for babies in China which are increasingly popular among mother consumers. Thanks to the booming baby products market in China supported by solid demand from Chinese mothers for various baby products, the Group recorded a consistent and rapid growth of its revenue at a CAGR of 94.7% from 2008 to 2010. In 2011, the Group continued to keep this momentum and delivered another year of notably high revenue and net profit, generating a total revenue of RMB2,189.0 million with net profit of RMB527.4 million, increasing by 77.5% and 98.5%, respectively as compared with 2010.
During the year 2011, the sales revenue of infant formulas business sustained a strong growth of 112.3%, contributing to 77.0% of the Group s total revenue. According to China s Infant Formulas Market Report For The First Half of 2011 prepared by The Nielsen Company, within the supreme-tier segment (1) of China s infant formulas industry, Biostime was the first player by sales with the largest market share of approximately 44.0% in the first half of 2011, while within the high-tier segment (2) the Group s market share accounted for 7.4% in the first half of 2011, ranking at the sixth place.
Leveraging its established market position, the Group believes it will continue to sustain strong growth in both the supreme-tier and high-tier infant formulas segments.
In September 2011, the Group entered into its nutrition supplements category by introducing to the Chinese market two new series of products, milk calcium chewable tablets and DHA chewssoft capsules for children and mothers.
These new products have received an immediate positive feedback from the market, by achieving RMB27.5 million sales revenue from September to December 2011 and accounting for 1.2% of the Group s total revenue. This new segment has further helped to diversify the Group s product portfolio and extended the consumer lifecycle.
To further enhance its brand recognition, the Group consistently invested in advertising its quality products on the internet, magazines and 31 TV channels including provincial and China Central Television ( CCTV ) channels in 2011.
The Group also launched a series of market education events in 2011 through professional parenting magazines. It also leveraged emerging media channels to increase brand awareness.
Mama100 Membership Platform continued to play an important role in the Group s achievements. By the end of 2011, the number of Mama100 active members and member retail outlets the Group covered increased to 825,230 and 10,240 respectively, up 77.3% and 79.5% as compared with 2010, and the sales generated by Mama100 active members contributed to about 78.0% of the Group s total revenue. Mama100 Membership Platform will continue to enhance cross-selling and support a series of database marketing activities through real-time distribution management system and point accumulation system, enabling the Group to achieve higher sales and promotion efficiency.
To facilitate the expansion of sales and distribution channels, the Group increased the number of its sales offices in Mainland China from 62 to 87 and kept providing extensive training to its sales team in order to support the expansion of its business all across China. By the end of the year 2011, the number of VIP specialty stores that the Group covered had grown up to 6,727 by 82.5%, while that of Mama100 Member s Zones in pharmacies up to 545 by 81.1% and that of supermarkets up to 2,968 by 73.0%, as compared with 2010. Despite the rapid expansion of the sales channels and retail outlets, through a sophisticated real-time distribution management system, the Group has maintained close monitoring of the inventories and sales of its products at the distributors level to control retail prices, avoid channel conflict and stuffing, enabling the Group to maintain sustainable business growth.

Refers to infant formulas with retail prices over RMB300 per can of 900g 
Refers to infant formulas with retail prices between RMB200 and RMB300 per can of 900g 
BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued) In 2011, the Group deepened the collaboration with its existing infant formulas supplier in the field of quality control and supply. Meanwhile, the Group jointly developed and conducted product trials with other European infant formulas manufacturers to consolidate its supply capacity and fulfill an increasing market demand. Commencing in December 2011, a new infant formulas supplier started producing infant formulas for the Group. This additional supply source will enable the Group to ensure a sustainable, stable and qualitative supply of its infant formulas powders.
While developing its procurement capacity and diversifying infant formulas suppliers, the Group remained to focus on maintaining the highest quality standards by only using full-formulation spray drying technique and placing quality safety of its products in first priority by multilayer quality control and assurance. All the imported finished products and key raw ingredients sourced by the Group must pass through four stringent control levels: quality control by suppliers, quality check by foreign authorities, inspections by PRC authorities and quality control conducted by the Group. In 2011, the Group also set up a new Global Quality Department, reinforcing the Group s ability to conduct stringent quality control and assurance for all its products. The Group also enhanced its R&D capabilities by collaborating with third-party research organizations to conduct joint research and clinical studies.
Talented people are critical to the Group s continuous growth. In order to support this rapid growth, the Group has been steadily increasing the investment (up 258.9% year-on-year) towards its employees, offering various training and educational opportunities. Also since the Listing Date, the Group has gradually developed and implemented an incentive system to attract and retain talented people. In 2011, on top of the existing Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Share Option Scheme, the Group adopted a share award scheme (the Share Award Scheme ) on 28 November 2011.
In conclusion, the Board believes the Group s ability to drive and sustain its growth is attributed to its unique business model combined with a series of key growth drivers: " A strong brand, promoting the success of high-quality products and market development; " A strengthened and sophisticated Mama100 Membership Program with innovative database marketing strategies; " An effective multi-sales channel and real-time distribution management system; " High quality products and a consumer-oriented product development; " A stringent quality assurance and control program; and " A continuous organization development with sales distribution expansion.

Marketing activities of the Group 
Looking forward into 2012, the year of Dragon, the Group expects an upward trend in the birthrate of China and is therefore confident to further capture tremendous opportunities in China s fast growing market of premium pediatric nutrition and baby care products.
The Group will further strengthen its brand recognition among consumers and its advertising expenses are expected to increase. Besides keeping a large advertising coverage through 31 provincial TV channels and CCTV, the Group will also cooperate with a renowned satellite TV channel to develop a parenting and baby-nursing program, providing mothers with comprehensive solutions in nurturing their babies. On the other hand, in order to answer the rising needs for information of the new generation of parents, the Group will increase its advertising investment on internet media and enhance its mobile application platform.
The Group will continue to increase penetration into tier-3 cities by consolidating distribution channels which consists of baby specialty stores, supermarkets and pharmacies. To further develop its distribution channels, the Group aims to cover 8,500 VIP baby specialty stores, 1,000 Mama100 Member s Zones in pharmacies, and 4,000 supermarkets by the end of 2012. The Group intends to develop new Mama100 members while maintaining existing high-end membership base, targeting to own about 1.5 million Mama100 active members in three years.
The Group continues to focus on the stability and quality of its existing upstream supply, especially for its largest product category, infant formulas. In 2012, the Group will continue to carry on trial-runs and negotiation with other upstream manufacturers for potential cooperation to ensure long-term capacity of its infant formulas series.
In February 2012, the Group opened a new laboratory facility in France, dedicated to the quality control of its infant formulas powders produced in Europe. In the future, the Group will expand the scope of this laboratory to the quality control of other nutrition and baby care products. At the same time, the Group will conduct joint research programs with leading dairy research organizations in Europe.
To fulfill the diversified needs of high-end consumers, the Group will look for opportunities to diversify the portfolio of its quality pediatric nutritional and baby care products, therefore extending consumer lifecycle. The Group will launch new initiatives to target children aged 3 7 years in 2012.

The global inflation will probably cause rising costs of raw materials, which imposes a challenge on the Group. The Group is exposed to certain foreign exchange impacts because the majority of its products and raw materials are imported from Europe and the USA. The Group will further strengthen its supply chain management, increase operation efficiency and leverage economies of scale in order to minimize the fluctuation and maintain profitability.
Alongside with the consumption upgrade in China s consumer market, we expect the entry of new competitors in the high-end pediatric nutritional and baby care market. The Group still believes that its existing high-end brand equity, stringent quality control of its products, as well as its unique business model, especially the database marketing strategy, are its core competence and will thus help maintain our competitive edge.

After taking full consideration of the Group s financial position, net cash flows and capital expenditures, the Board of Directors is glad to recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.27 per ordinary share and a special dividend of HK$0.33 per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2011. Taking into account the interim dividend of HK$0.16 per ordinary share in respect of the period ended 30 June 2011 paid in September 2011, the annual dividend for the year ended 31 December 2011 will amount to HK$0.76 per ordinary share, accounting for approximately 70.0% of profit for the year ended 31 December 2011.
Subjected to the approval of shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting to be held on 30 April 2012, the final dividend and special dividend will be paid on or about 15 May 2012 to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 9 May 2012.
CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS UNDERTAKINGS The controlling shareholders of the Company have undertaken to the Company that they shall not, in the period commencing from 17 December 2010 to 16 December 2013, dispose of shares of the Company held by Biostime Pharmaceuticals (China) Limited.

In 2011, the Group cooperated with the National Center for Women and Children s Health under Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention to establish Biostime Mother and Infant Nutrition and Health Research Fund , in order to support the research on healthy development for women and infants, disease prevention and control. The Group promises to provide not less than RMB1 million for the Fund every year for 3 consecutive years.
The Group always prioritizes its responsibility to society and thus established Biostime China Foundation for Mother and Child (the Foundation ) in 2007, in cooperation with the Chinese Red Cross Foundation. The Group donates RMB0.1 to the Foundation for every unit sold. For the year 2011, RMB1.6 million was raised to the Foundation, which has helped 89 children who suffered from serious illnesses since its establishment.

2011 was a year of opportunity and the Group made every effort possible to outperform in the market. I am confident that 2012, the year of Dragon, will be another excellent year for the Group, enhanced by the strong dedication of its employees. It is my honor to work with such outstanding people and I would like to thank them for all their remarkable contributions to the Group. I would also like to take this opportunity to express my great thanks to all our shareholders, Mama100 members, our retailers, distributors and suppliers for their continuous support to the growth of our business.

Hong Kong, 20 March 2012 