Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of Biostime International Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ), I am glad to present our annual report for the year ended 31 December 2015.

During the year of 2015, the Group reached a new stage of its development. Through its acquisition of an 83% equity interest of Swisse Wellness Group Pty Ltd ( Swisse ) in September 2015, the Group has repositioned itself as an all-round premium family nutrition and care provider. In the baby nutrition and care market in China, the Group is in leading positions across all major channels. Meanwhile, Swisse is the market leader with strong brand recognition in the Australian vitamin, herbal and mineral supplements ( VHMS ) segment.
With the financial results of Swisse consolidated into those of the Group for the fourth quarter of 2015, the Group s total revenue for the year ended 31 December 2015 reached RMB4,818.6 million and its net profit for the year reached RMB293.3 million. Among the Group s total revenue, 82.4% was generated from the baby nutrition and care products segment, while the remaining 17.6% was derived from the adult nutrition and care products segment.
During the year under review, the Chinese infant formula market maintained high single digit growth, but competition intensified at the same time because of the entrance of new competitors and increasing industry-wide promotional activities. Amid the more challenging environment, the Group kept a leading position in this market. According to Nielsen, an independent market research firm, the Group s share of the overall infant formula market in China increased from 5.6% in 2014 to 5.9% in 2015, making the Group the sixth largest player in the overall infant formula market. In terms of online sales, the Group has quickly gained market share since it launched B2C online sales in the second half of 2014 and ranked among the top 10 industry players with a market share of 1.5% in 2015.

BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued) The Group s revenue derived from the baby nutrition and care products segment for the year under review was RMB3,968.7 million, decreasing by 16.1% from that of 2014. The decrease was mainly attributable to the one- off discount offered to distributors on the previous version of Biostime-branded infant formulas for the preparation of the launch of SN-2 PLUS Balanced Formulas. Such new formulas were proven to promote the balanced growth of babies by a clinical study which the Group conducted jointly with its strategic partners. These new products have now been distributed to the retail outlets nationwide and received positive feedback from both member stores and end-consumers. Alongside the launch of the SN-2 PLUS series, the Group has also placed new commercials on TV and advertisements on the Internet, highlighting its milk source from Normandy, France and the SN-2 PLUS lipid structure technology to differentiate its products from those of competitors. The Group is confident that the SN-2 PLUS Balanced Formulas will help it to maintain competitive advantage and achieve positive growth in the long run.
Regarding the adult nutrition and care products segment, Swisse contributed incremental sales equivalent to RMB849.9 million to the Group for the fourth quarter of 2015. Based on the research report of an independent market research company, Swisse became the No.1 brand in the total Australian vitamin and herbal market in 2015. In China, Swisse is currently the No. 1 brand in the healthcare category on both Tmall and Taobao. This strong momentum was mainly driven by Swisse s dedication to innovation, sophisticated marketing as well as the rapidly growing indirect sales in China. Swisse successfully has launched in Singapore and the United Kingdom and will continue its global roll-out in select countries in Europe, Asia and North America.
To align with the new positioning as a leading premium family nutrition and care provider, the Group has integrated its previous Biostime Business Unit, Adimil Business Unit and BMcare Business Unit into a Baby Nutrition and Care Business Unit, and has also established a dedicated Swisse China Business Unit to support Swisse s business development in China. Under these circumstances, the strategic objective of Mama100 e-commerce platform has been revised to be an internal service platform, which will be dedicated to the sales and marketing of the Group s products exclusively. The Group believes that this new structure will help integrate resources and achieve higher operating efficiency for its long-term business growth.

Looking ahead, the Group believes that the baby nutrition and care market in China remains attractive and will be further boosted by the full implementation of two-child policy, which will have a positive and significant impact on the number of newborns. In addition, the Chinese VHMS segment represents a large market with enormous growth potential. It currently has a market size of approximately RMB100 billion and is expected to grow at a double digit CAGR from 2015 to 2019 driven by an aging population, Chinese consumers growing awareness of health and well-being and increasing disposable income. Another tailwind for this market is the recently announced Administrative Measures for Registration and Filing of Health Food 
0 O eP T ; Q P Hh { t l 0) to be effective on 1 July 2016, which requires only filing for certain imported vitamin and mineral supplements using approved raw materials, and this policy will generally shorten the approval process for health food to be sold in traditional channels. The Group is confident that its new strategy and strong execution capability will set its business up for success and help capture the opportunities in both the baby and adult nutrition and care segments.
Marketing and Distribution The Group will adhere to its all-round innovative market model which is composed of brand communication, interactive education, online and offline POS management, and database marketing (the BIOD model ).
The Group will allocate more resources to emerging media and maintain a certain exposure in traditional media. It will continue to develop in-house customer relationship management system to achieve precision marketing and consumer education.
Sales and distribution channel expansion under the online and offline POS management system is a critical business growth driver for the Group. According to Nielsen, the weighted average offline distribution rate of the Group is about 63%, representing a growth opportunity for the Group. As for the market, baby specialty store and pharmacy channels are rapidly growing in sales. The Group will expand in these channels to increase the nationwide distribution penetration of the Group s products.

Marketing and Distribution (Continued) Swisse has for many years positioned itself as a premium, proven and aspirational brand, with premium formulas using high standard ingredients and pharmaceutical manufacturing, proven by scientific evidence and being aspirational through the use of sponsorships including the Olympic games and celebrities endorsing the brand. Its sophisticated marketing model integrates campaigns across different formats and is repeatable across all marketing media and regions. Swisse will continue to invest in strengthening its leading market position in Australia.
Entering China, Swisse will refine its 360-degree marketing model to fit into the business environment in 
The Group has initiated the registration process with Chinese authorities for Swisse s products. Under the new registration and filing systems for health food, Swisse will accelerate the offline roll-out of its products in 
With growing Chinese consumer demand for high quality, offshore products, cross-border e-commerce has emerged as a new sales channel. Health food products are among the most popular categories. Swisse launched its global flagship store at Tmall.hk in March 2016 and has been receiving increasingly strong traffic. Going forward, the Group will seek to make Swisse s products available on multiple cross-border e-commerce platforms in order to take full advantage of this channel shifting trend.

Consumers are always seeking premium family nutrition and care products. The Group will stay committed to fulfilling its customers diversified and ever-growing needs. Going forward, with its prominent and global R&D network in the fields of baby and adult nutrition and care, the Group will seek to expand its product offerings in different markets, leveraging its strong brand assets and distribution network.
Besides product development, the Group believes that innovation in business model is also critical to maintain competitiveness. The Group s innovative Customer Relationship Management ( CRM ) System, supported by an extensive member database and sophisticated data analysis methods, has always played a key role in the Group s business performance. The Group will continuously advance this in-house CRM system to support precision marketing and consumer education. It will also seek to leverage this CRM system to manage Swisse s customer data and apply database marketing in order to achieve greater synergy.

The Group mainly provides baby nutrition, health food and functional supplements in China. The regulations related to these categories are subject to change. The Group s operation may need to adjust according to the implementation of new regulations.
As the majority of the Group s infant formula products and raw materials are imported from Europe, the Group is exposed to the fluctuation in EUR to RMB exchange rate. Furthermore, as the functional currencies of its subsidiaries include AUD and US$, the Group is also exposed to the volatility of AUD and US$ 
No interim dividend or final dividend was proposed by the Board during the year ended 31 December 2015 (2014 interim dividend: HK$0.26 per ordinary share, 2014 final dividend: HK$0.41 per ordinary share).

The Group established the Biostime China Foundation for Mother and Child (the Foundation ) in cooperation with the Chinese Red Cross Foundation in 2007 and donates RMB0.1 to the Foundation for every product unit sold. The Foundation has assisted a significant number of children and mothers suffering from serious illnesses and supported a wide range of projects to promote community welfare. In recognition of the Group s contribution to society, the Group was proudly awarded Public Welfare Innovation of the Year and Public Welfare Project of the Year at the China Charity Festival 2015.

In 2015, the Group made significant accomplishments in its development history. That could not have been achieved without the strong support from our committed employees, shareholders, Mama100 members and all business partners. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all of them and look forward to continuous cooperation with them in creating a brighter future.

Hong Kong, 29 March 2016 