Chairman s Statement 
Our results for 2004 were less than satisfactory. The implementation of macro- economic policies and austerity measures in China has resulted in a significant slowdown in growth in domestic demand for automobiles since the second quarter of 2004. The general slowdown of the automobile industry also intensified price competition during the year. As a result, the Group s sales for 2004 were approximately RMB6.5 billion, representing a decrease of 35.3% from 2003, while net income was approximately RMB48.6 million, representing a decrease of 94.8% 
The deterioration in the macro-economic environment in the automotive industry in the second half of 2004 was worse than we expected. The extent of intensified price competition resulting from overcapacity, the continued rising prices of raw materials and the ongoing weak market sentiments were particularly unexpected. As a result, the sales volume of automobiles and profit margins of the Group in 2004 decreased significantly as compared to 2003, particularly for the Zhonghua sedans. Despite the weakness in the market, the Group was able to sell 61,618 minibuses and remained the market leader in the minibus market in 2004. The low sales volume of the Zhonghua sedan of 10,982 vehicles resulted in an operational loss for the sedan business and a one-time provision for impairment of intangible assets in respect of its design and development costs. Despite the difficult market environment in 2004, the BMW joint venture achieved sales of 8,708 BMW sedans and a net profit of RMB37.7 
Nonetheless, our overall decreased level of earnings and profit since the second half of 2004 resulting from the decrease in sales volume, average prices and the change in product mix was unsatisfactory. We have therefore taken wide-ranging internal measures to restore the minibus and the automotive components business to its previous level of profitability and sales volume, and to return the Zhonghua sedan business to profitability. These measures include reducing our operating costs and improving our operating efficiency, exploring new market opportunities, such as the export of sedans and minibuses to overseas markets, broadening our product range in both minibuses and sedans and upgrading and improving our distribution and after- sales services network. Furthermore, we will continue to strengthen our relationships with our partners through technological and strategic co-operation.

In 2004, we also began the development of a new 1.8-liter turbo engine with the technical assistance of FEV Motorentechnik GmbH, an internationally recognized leader in the design and development of internal combustion engines. The trial production of the engine is expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 2005. This engine will be used in our minibuses and sedans and will provide a competitively priced yet high quality alternative to the engines we currently procure from our 
Looking ahead, we remain confident in the long-term prospects and growth potential of the Chinese automobile industry. While our preliminary first quarter results show slight improvement in sales volume against the second half of 2004, the medium-term business outlook remains difficult to predict and may not be comparable to the level of success we have attained in recent years. We believe that the impact of the austerity measures and the intensification of competition in the Chinese automotive industry are likely to continue in 2005. The Group will continue to take proactive measures to cope with such challenges and to maintain its competitive edge in the 
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to our shareholders and staff for their continued dedication and commitment to the Group.
Wu Xiao An (also known as Ng Siu On) 
25th April, 2005 