Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors, I hereby present the annual results of Brilliance China Automotive Holdings Limited for the year ended 31st December, 2013.
Despite a gentle easing of the national economic growth in the year 2013, China s automobile sector growth accelerated, realising total sales volume of 21.98 million units, or an increase of 13.9% over the previous year, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers.
Of these, 17.9 million units were passenger vehicles, reflecting growth of 15.7% for this segment compared to 2012. The luxury passenger vehicle segment in China has maintained its growth momentum and continued to outperform, registering a growth of approximately 20% during the 
The year 2013 continued to be a busy but fruitful year for the Group. Our BMW joint venture, BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. ( BMW Brilliance ), celebrated its 10th year anniversary in July 2013. In 2013, BMW Brilliance again delivered impressive results with a 47.7% increase in profit contribution in conjunction with a 28.5% increase in sales volume. The BMW joint venture also continued with its production capacity expansion which allows for production of up to 400,000 vehicles annually. The highly advanced Tiexi plant has been designed to provide maximum production flexibility in terms of further capacity expansion as well as adjustments between products. In terms of new products, the new China-only 5-series long-wheelbase facelift model and an additional 3-series variant the 316i were both introduced into the market in the second half of the year. Additional new BMW products to be localized in the future are also under planning with an aim to enrich the joint venture s product portfolio and broaden its segment reach in China. The strong sales momentum of our products will continue to be supported by the rapid rollout of our dealer network, which had reached 420 outlets nationwide as at the end of 2013. With such a vast distribution network, BMW Brilliance is redirecting additional resources and focus on the cultivation of competencies in dealer network management and aftersale service provision. Our joint venture s sales activities are also supported by the BMW auto finance company which is expected to continue to contribute profits to the joint 
In addition, in November 2013, BMW Brilliance also marked a new milestone on its course of localization with the launch of ZINORO 1E, the first product under the joint venture s new local brand, which was well received by the market. This new product is the first new energy vehicle ( NEV ) developed by a Chinese premium manufacturer. It demonstrates BMW Brilliance s capability in mastering the latest NEV technology in the areas of product development, testing and production. It is also an important part of the joint venture s strategy to continually deepen 
its local roots in China, and it further underpins BMW Brilliance s commitment to long-term success and to the future of local R&D and NEV development in China.
Over the past 10 years, BMW Brilliance has achieved remarkable performance by riding on the dynamic growth of the Chinese economy, and has successfully built up BMW as one of the most desirable premium auto brands in China while establishing a world-class production base in Shenyang. The joint venture has continued to refine its business model and product strategy to cater to the needs of the Chinese consumers, leveraging on the strong support and amicable cooperation of its shareholders. However, BMW Brilliance is not complacent with its achievements so far. In preparation for further competition in the premium segment, the joint venture is currently implementing various operational measures and changes, while the shareholders are reviewing potential future opportunities for further growth of BMW Brilliance, all in an effort to attain long-term sustainability and to properly position the joint venture to meet future market changes and challenges.
As for the minibus business, the new premium MPV model co-developed with our strategic partners and external consultants is targeted for market launch at the end of 2014. Therefore, the year 2014 will remain challenging for this business, and it is likely that the minibus operation will pose a negative financial impact to the Group s overall performance for the year. In addition to the new model being developed, we are concurrently studying various options to augment our minibus portfolio over time.
Apart from the above, the Group continues to look for ways to further streamline our operation and to strengthen our corporate structure as our operations continue to grow. The Group is also on the lookout for new business opportunities as a means to further expand our income base.
Last but not least, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our shareholders, business partners, management team and employees for their continued support and dedication to the 
Wu Xiao An (also known as Ng Siu On) 
27th March, 2014 