Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of Biostime International Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ), I am glad to present our Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2012, which corresponds to the third year since our Initial Public Offering on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 17 December 
As a premium provider of high-end pediatric nutritional and baby care products in China, the Group has been active in the development, marketing and sales of premium products for babies, young children and pregnant mothers in China which are increasingly well received among mother consumers. Thanks to the booming baby products market in China supported by a solid demand from Chinese mothers for various baby products, the Group recorded a consistent and fast growth of its revenue at a CAGR of 65.7% from 2010 to 2012. In 2012, the Group continued to keep this momentum and delivered another year of notably high revenue and net profit, accomplishing a total revenue of RMB3,381.9 million with net profit of RMB743.1 million, increasing by 54.5% and 40.9%, respectively, as compared with 2011.
During the year 2012, the sales revenue of infant formula business sustained a strong growth of 61.2%, which amounted to RMB2,715.3 million, contributing to 80.3% of the Group s total revenue. The supreme-tier (1) and high-tier (2) segments of the Group s infant formula business grew at the rates of 42.1% and 77.4%, respectively, maintaining fast development despite of the fierce competition. Notably, the high-tier segment made up 59.4% of the Group s infant formula business in 2012 and became the more significant growth contributor to the Group s infant formula business. The Group will continue to grow in both the supreme-tier and high-tier infant formula 
Probiotic is the second biggest business segment of the Group with the highest gross margin among the product portfolio. During the year 2012, the sales revenue of probiotic business recorded 14.2% growth as compared with 2011, contributing to 11.2% of the Group s total revenue. In the second half of 2012, the Group has taken a series of actions to sustain the probiotic business growth momentum. They included formula improvement, performance enhancement of the sales team, and a range of marketing support services to mark the 10th anniversary of the business line.
Baby care products, under the BMcare TM brand, experienced a year of breakthrough in 2012. Sales revenue of baby care products reached RMB106.0 million, rapidly growing at 121.5%, as compared with 2011. The Group will continue its strategy of multi-category expansion to drive business growth.
In October 2012, the Group expanded its product portfolio by introducing to the Chinese market three new product lines, namely Pre-schooler Formula, Natural Baby Cereal and BMcare Essential & Natural Series. These products have further extended the life cycle of the Group s product portfolio and increased consumer spending.

(1) Refers to infant formulas priced over RMB300 per can of 900g (2) Refers to infant formulas priced between RMB200 and RMB300 per can of 900g 
BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued) The Group consistently invested in its brands to increase brand recognition and enhance brand equity. In 2012, the Group invested more on advertising. Advertising expenses increased by 10.4% from the year 2011. Included in the expenses was a notable increase in advertising spending in the new media channels, such as internet TV, search engine and online social media.
Mama100 Membership Platform continued to play a critical role in the Group s success. Mama100 Membership Platform is an integrated database marketing platform which provides various value-added services for members and member retail outlets, including professional magazine, nursing consulting hotline, the mama100.com website and membership points accumulation programme and training programme, which enable the Group to enhance cross-selling and consumer loyalty and support a series of database marketing activities to achieve higher sales and promotion efficiency. As at 31 December 2012, the numbers of Mama100 active members increased to 1,400,781 at the rate of 69.7% as compared with 2011. The sales generated by Mama100 active members contributed to about 84.7% of the Group s total revenue. In 2012, on a monthly average basis, Mama100 call centre transacted 226,291 calls and Mama100 Children magazine issued 335,650 copies, increasing by 22.2% and 81.1%, respectively, as compared with 2011.
Sales and distribution channels expansion under the control of real-time distribution management system is an important business growth driver for the Group. During 2012, the Group registered increases of the number of VIP baby specialty stores to 10,404, Mama100 Member s Zones in pharmacies to 744, and retail sales organizations to 4,174, or by 54.7%, 36.5% and 40.6%, respectively, as compared with 2011. Despite the rapid expansion of the sales channels and retail outlets, the Group has continued to select new retail stores based on stringent criteria and to track the inventory and sales of its products at the distributors level to monitor retail prices, avoid channel conflict and stuffing, enabling the Group to maintain a sustainable business growth through a sophisticated real-time distribution management system. According to the real-time distribution management system, the inventory turnover days of the Group s distributors (1) is about 29 days on average.
In June 2012, the Group signed a 10-Year Financing and Supply Agreement with Arla Foods Amba ( Arla Foods ) at Arinco, Arla Foods s largest infant formula production facility based in Denmark, which is equipped with full formula spray-dry technology and uses Arla s own Danish milk. This additional supply source will enable the Group to ensure a sustainable, stable and quality supply of its infant formula powders. At the same time, the Group has signed a renewed infant formulas manufacturing agreement with La Laiterie de Montaigu, a renowned French dairy manufacturer, for a term of three years from 1 January 2014 to 31 December 2016. Currently, the Group has three infant formula suppliers in European countries for premium quality infant formula products.
Looking forward, the Group will strive to deepen cooperation with these foreign quality suppliers, cater to the Chinese consumers needs for high-quality and safe infant formula products, and sustain the stable growth of the infant formula business.
While developing its procurement capacity and diversifying infant formula suppliers, the Group remained focused on maintaining the highest quality standards by only using full-formulation spray drying technique and placing quality and safety of its products in first priority by multilayer quality control and assurance. In February 2012, the Group opened a laboratory facility in France, which involves in infant formulas quality control steps of supplier manufacturing process and inspects product quality prior to shipping to China.

(1) The inventory refers to the products owned by the distributors under the brand name of Biostime or BMcare.

BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued) Attracting, retaining and engaging the best talent are all critical to the Group s continuous growth. In order to support this rapid growth, the Group has been steadily increasing the investment in developing and retaining its right talent, offering competitive compensation, various training and education opportunities. Also, since it went public, the Group has gradually developed and implemented an incentive system to attract and retain talented staff. In 2011 and 2012, on top of the existing Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Share Option Scheme, the Group paid a total of RMB58.8 million to the trustee for the purchase of ordinary shares of the Company under the Share Award Scheme. In November 2012, the Group was named the 2012 Best Employer by Guangzhou Daily, one of the most popular media in southern China.
To conclude, the Group believes that it is able to drive and sustain its growth because of its unique business model combined with a series of key growth drivers: " A strong brand to support the success of high-quality products and market development; " A sophisticated Mama100 Membership Programme with innovative database marketing strategies; " An effective multi-channel sales model under the control of the real-time distribution management system; " High-quality products and a consumer-oriented product innovation; " A stringent quality assurance and control system; " An efficient and passionate organization to support rapid expansion of business.

Looking forward into 2013, the Group expects the increase in babies born will continue in China while the baby product market will continue to benefit from the baby boom in the Chinese Year of Dragon in 2012. The Group is therefore confident to further capture tremendous opportunities in China s fast growing market of premium pediatric nutrition and baby care products.
Channel Expansion and Brand Building The Group insists on its channel management model and imposes strict criteria in selecting retail store partners, thus resulting in a lower weighted distribution rate of the Group than its major competitors. This suggested more rooms for further expansion of the Group s distribution network. In view of such opportunities, the Group will continue to increase penetration into low-tier cities by consolidating distribution channels, which consist of baby specialty stores, retail sales organizations and pharmacies. By the end of 2013, the Group targets to increase the amount of its VIP baby specialty stores to 13,000, Mama100 Member s Zones in pharmacies to 1,500 and retail sales organizations to 5,000. The Group also intends to recruit more new Mama100 members while maintaining the existing high-end membership base, targeting to own about 2 million Mama100 active members in two years.
The way consumers obtain information is changing quickly and dramatically with the rapid development of the internet and the emergence of new media. To meet the need of consumers and sustain the Group s premium brand image, the Group will continue to invest in brand building efforts through its well-established multi-channel marketing platform, which consists of CCTV and 31 provincial TV stations, internet TV and search engines, new social networking platforms such as Weibo and WeChat, mobile terminals, parenting magazines and in-store 
The Group realizes the diversification of high-end consumers needs in selecting infant formulas. In order to satisfy the different needs, the Group has decided to launch new series of infant formulas in 2013 for the premium market segment.
Most of the current products in the Group s probiotic category are functional food. In order to further leverage the well-known brand equity and capture the business opportunity of probiotic in food market, the Group has decided to launch a new premium food-class probiotic product in 2013. This new product will complement the Group s current probiotic product portfolio, increase distribution rate of the probiotic category and fulfill the diversified needs of high-end consumers.

The Group is always keen to understand and fulfill more members needs in more parts of childcare more completely. Through Mama100 platform, the Group receives huge volume of member s purchasing data and interaction information. After analyzing the data, the Group will design and provide better member services to improve member satisfaction of the brand and the Group.
During the past few years, mobile application has become an important and easy way for consumers to obtain information and knowledge. In 2012, the Group introduced the first time a mobile app to its Mama100 members, enabling them to obtain information about parenting, make inquiries and redeem points through the app. Based on the feedbacks from its members and their hopes for placing orders and settling the payment directly on the app, the Group is currently planning, together with the current retail outlet partners, to build up an Online-to- Offline business model by integrating online ordering platform and offline logistic resource of retail outlets.
In 2013, the Group will accelerate the mobile software upgrade and cooperate with third party payment platform to install its payment system into Mama100 points POS machine, enabling members to place orders online, settle payment via debitcredit cards and accumulate or redeem points on the same POS machine. On the other hand, this can strengthen the collaboration with value-chain partners and create additional benefits for retail outlets by introducing new sales through the online platform and improving operation efficiency of POS machine.
Scientific parenting concepts, methods, interaction tools and a nutrition-balanced pediatric diet are an important and inseparable approach for parents to raise a physically, intellectually and emotionally healthy baby. The Group has received continuous feedback from members that they need professional and scientific guidance and services about baby and toddler s early education and psychological care. Through collaboration and joint-development with world-renowned experts and leading international organizations in Europe and the US specialized in neuroscience and children mental health, the Group will launch a parenting education brand Parenting Power to provide a comprehensive educational programme to cover both psychological care and physical development of babies and toddlers. As a key milestone of the development of Parenting Power, the Group announced, in November 2012, the publication of a special Chinese edition of the popular book What Every Parent Needs to Know, written by Dr. Margot Sunderland. This internationally acclaimed book, which won First Prize in the British Medical Association Medical Book Awards 2007 Popular Medicine Section, is the results of over ten years research on the long-term effects of parent-child interaction and provides parents with fundamental parenting principles and methods on the basis of neuroscience. In the coming years, the Group will continue to launch educational programmes and related tutorial materials to fulfill the emerging needs of parents.

R&D and Quality Management Besides raw milk sources, other formula ingredients and manufacturing engineering technologies are also very important factors in producing premium-quality infant formulas. The Group has been working with European infant formula suppliers, using European raw milk sources and full formula spray-dry technology, to develop and manufacture high-quality infant formulas. The Group will continue its joint- development strategy to provide Chinese consumers with safe and premium infant formulas imported with original packaging.
As a long-term fundamental of the Group s R&D and Quality Management capability, the Group has started the construction of the Guangzhou R&D and Quality Analysis Centre in June 2012, which is scheduled to complete at the end of 2014. The Group has also built a new R&D team in Europe to focus on infant formula processing technology to improve product quality and develop innovative products. To continuously provide science-based products and services dedicated to baby development, a scientific institute Biostime Children Nutrition, Care and Psychology Behavior Institute will be operational in 2013, collaborating with third-party research organizations and top scientists in the field of pediatric nutrition and child psychology to conduct joint research, clinical studies and scientific consultancy.
Business Model Innovation Mama100, as an integrated marketing platform, provides the Group s management with various kinds of market data in huge volume from internal and external resources, such as member data, channel data and retail outlet data. Leveraging on this comprehensive database, the Group can conduct precision data analysis in every aspect of business operation to support decision-making activities. The Group s business model design and innovation are largely related to member database development and the database analysis and application capability.
With the innovation of mobile terminal, cloud storage and data mining analytical tools, Big Database Marketing is gradually changing from a conceptual idea to a feasible action plan. The technology available today enables the Group to develop the Mama100 platform to gain a more comprehensive record of member purchasing behaviour, parenting information and individual preferences when the Group is interacting with its members, generating real-time market intelligence. This ability will eventually turn the business model into what is called one-to-one precision marketing or personalization, through the sophisticated member database analysis.

In 2013, global inflation will continue to pose challenges to the Group through higher costs of raw material.
To cope with this, the Group will strengthen its supply chain management, increase operational efficiency and leverage economies of scale to mitigate the risk and maintain profitability.
Competition will also intensified as the thriving consumer market will continue to attract new entrants into the high-end pediatric nutritional and baby care market in the future. However, with its market know how and unique business model, the Group is confident to leverage its core competencies and achieve success in 2013.

After taking full consideration of the Group s financial position, net cash flow and capital expenditures, the Board of Directors is pleased to recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.39 per ordinary share and a special dividend of HK$0.46 per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2012. Taking into account the interim dividend of HK$0.23 per ordinary share in respect of the six months ended 30 June 2012 paid in September 2012, the annual dividend will amount to HK$1.08 per ordinary share, accounting for approximately 70.8% of profit for the year ended 31 December 2012.

Co-operating with the Chinese Red Cross Foundation, the Group has established the Biostime China Foundation for Mother and Child (the Foundation ) in 2007. The Group donates RMB0.1 to the Foundation for every unit sold. For the year of 2012, RMB2.7 million was raised for the Foundation, which has accumulated a total of RMB6.1 million as of year-end 2012, enabling the Foundation to help 183 children suffering from serious illnesses since its establishment. The first five years of cooperation ended in the year 2012 and the Group has further extended this cooperation for another five years starting from 2013.
In 2011, the Group co-operated with the Women and Infant Health Centre under China Centre for Disease Control and Prevention to establish the Biostime Mother and Infant Nutrition and Health Research Fund (the Fund ), in order to support researches on the health and well-being of women and infants, including disease prevention and control. The Group pledges to donate not less than RMB1.0 million for the Fund every year for three consecutive years. In 2012, the Group donated a total of RMB1.0 million to the Fund.

The Chinese Year of the Dragon in 2012 represented a year full of opportunities. The Group did its best to deliver results during the year. I am confident that 2013 will be another excellent year of growth for the Group, supported by our highly dedicated employees. It is my great honour to work with such outstanding people and I would like to thank them for all their remarkable contributions to the Group. At the same time, I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude and thanks to all our shareholders, the Mama100 members, retailers, distributors and suppliers for their continuous support to the growth of our business.

Hong Kong, 19 March 2013 