Chairman s Statement 
Looking back to 2002, we are confident that the Group has pursued an appropriate business strategy by both maintaining the leading position in the Chinese minibus industry and entering into the sedan industry in China. In the face of challenging market conditions in the minibus industry during the first quarter of 2002, the Group managed a significant recovery in the unit sales of the Group s minibuses during the last three quarters of 2002 and sold a total of over 65,000 minibuses in 2002. Our Zhonghua sedan has also received positive market response since its formal launch in August 2002 and we sold over 8,800 sedans in 2002. By focusing on market trends and launching new products, the Group achieved better operating results in the second half of 2002 compared to the first half.
Last year was an important milestone year for the Group. With the formal launch of our Zhonghua sedan and the approval for our project proposal for the joint venture with BMW Holding BV, the Group has successfully laid the foundation to transform from a leading niche minibus manufacturer to a fully- fledged automobile manufacturer in China.
The approval for the production and sale of the Zhonghua sedan in May 2002 paved the way for the Company to enter into the sedan market. The Zhonghua sedan was not only well received by the market but also highly regarded within the automobile industry. We believe that being named Car of the Year 2003 in China reflects the high quality workmanship of our 
The joint venture with BMW also reaffirms Brilliance as a market pioneer and leader in China s automotive industry. BMW will be a tremendous partner to us as we believe our respective businesses and experiences are highly complimentary. With this partnership and our solid market presence and experience, we are confident that we are well-positioned to capture the growing premium sedan market opportunities in China.

Looking ahead to 2003, the Group will continue to strengthen its competitive position in the Chinese automotive industry by implementing focused growth strategies and introducing new products. In particular, we will focus on (i) maintaining the leading position in the minibus industry; (ii) building up the brand image and the market share of the Zhonghua sedan; and (iii) establishing the BMW joint venture and its related domestic components and distribution networks. The Group will continue to introduce more new versions and models of our minibus and Zhonghua sedan to the market in order to sustain our market share and solidify our competitive edge. We will launch new versions of our current model of minibus in the second quarter of 2003 and the domestic version of the Toyota GRANVIA (known as GRACE in China) by end of the year. As for the Zhonghua sedan, the 2.0L and 2.4L automatic transmission versions will be launched in May and October 2003, respectively. We also expect the production of the BMW 3- series sedan by the BMW joint venture will commence by the end of 2003.
Last but not least, on 18th December, 2002, Huachen Automotive Group Holdings Company Limited, the wholly owned subsidiary of the Liaoning Provincial Government, acquired a 39.46% stake in our Company from the Chinese Financial Education Development Foundation. With the support from the Liaoning Provincial Government, the introduction of new models of minibuses and sedans and the establishment of the BMW joint venture, we believe that the Group has excellent prospects for future growth.
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to our staff and shareholders for their continued support.
Wu Xiao An 
28th April, 2003 