Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors, I hereby present the annual results of Brilliance China Automotive Holdings Limited for the year ended 31st December, 2011.
Trailing on the impressive growth of 2010, the year 2011 had started on a positive note with the Chinese auto market forecasted to grow another 10% to 15% for the year by the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers (CAAM). However, as the governmental stimulus measures came to an end and the nation s economic expansion showed signs of slowing down during 2011, the year had closed with an overall growth of only 2.5%. Total auto sales in China reached 18.5 million units in 2011, with passenger vehicles accounting for 14.4 million or an increase of 5.2% compared to the previous year.
Despite the slowdown in market growth, 2011 had been a successful year for the Group.
Contributions from the BMW joint venture had risen by 92% driven by a 53.5% increase in sales volume and cost savings achieved through scale and continuous localization effort. As for the minibus business, the sales volume of our minibus products had dropped by 13.3% compared to the previous year as a result of severe tightening of credit and purchase restrictions in Beijing which had deterred purchases. The increased profits of the BMW joint venture were more than sufficient to offset the effect of reduced contribution from the minibus business, thus resulting in an overall 42.6% increase in net profits attributable to our shareholders.
Looking into 2012, CAAM had forecasted at the beginning of the year that auto sales and production in China will grow at a moderate pace of 8%. However, Premier Wen Jiabao this month had forecasted that China s GDP will expand 7.5% this year, the lowest since 2004.
Therefore, there are downside risks and uncertainties from an overall industry development 
This year our BMW joint venture will enter a new era. Our new second production plant in Tiexi, Shenyang has commenced production earlier this year and will increase production capacity by an additional 200,000 units by the end of 2013. Production capacity at our original plant in Dadong will also be expanded from the current 100,000 units to reach 160,000 units in 2013. Along with the new capacity addition, the joint venture has recently expanded its product portfolio by introducing a third BMW product, the locally-made X1 SUV, before the launch of the brand new 3-series long wheelbase sedan in the second half of this year to meet Chinese market demand. In addition, we have also commenced this month the assembly of BMW engines in China, which will go into all models produced by the joint venture, to allow for further localization of key components. Moreover, the joint venture is also developing a local 
Chinese brand of new energy vehicles to comply with the Chinese government s requirements and to capture growth of a new segment for the joint venture s future development. This will necessitate the establishment of certain R&D competences within the joint venture for the development of China-specific new energy vehicles under the new local brand, as well as to facilitate further localization of components in China.
We continue to extend our sales network coverage and aftersales service support into new cities in order to expand our reach and provide the best services to our customers. We have also developed various campaigns for marketing and brand building to increase market share.
We are continuously reviewing our long range plan in terms of market trends, new product roadmap and the associated capacity needs in order to satisfy the country s insatiable demand for premium vehicles.
As for the minibus business, we have been working with our strategic partner on the development of a new platform of MPVs to be launched by the end of 2013. Our goal is to enrich our product portfolio and to strengthen our brand name by introducing higher end products so as to increase volume and market share. We are also developing a new minibus model, the H2, to replace the existing Haise mid-price products which will be gradually phased out.
Aside from the BMW joint venture and the minibus operation, we continue to seek both upstream and downstream expansion opportunities along the auto value chain, in an effort to enhance sales of our existing products and establish another income source for the Group.
Furthermore, we are also contemplating other strategic moves to capitalize on the growth of our Group companies to better position ourselves as a strong player in the auto industry in 
Last but not least, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to our shareholders, business partners, management team and all other employees for their continued support and dedication to the Group.
Wu Xiao An (also known as Ng Siu On) 
28th March, 2012 