Chairman s Statement 
Mr. Luo Fei, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company (left), presented a souvenir to Mr. Lawrence Fok, Chief Marketing Officer of the Stock Exchange on 17 December 2010.

On behalf of Biostime International Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ), I am glad to present the first Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2010 after the listing of the Company on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ).

As a premium provider of high-end pediatric nutritional and baby care products in China, the Group has been providing premium products to babies in China and is well received by mothers. The Group focuses on high-end mother consumers and strives to offer them a full range of quality products under two distinctive brands Biostime"!, which focuses on premium pediatric nutritional products, and BMcare"! focusing on premium baby care products. The Group also owns an important service brand, Mama100"!, embodying a communication and consultation platform for the 
2010 was a milestone year for the Group as the Company was successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 17 December 2010 (the Listing Date ) and raised net proceeds of approximately HK$1,595.6 million (equivalent to approximately RMB1,367.5 million) after consideration of over-allotment, which enabled the Group to access the international capital market while uplift the standard of its brand building and corporate governance.

BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued) In 2010, the booming baby products market in China stimulated mothers demand for various kinds of baby products, especially those under a trustful brand. Such trend created favorable conditions for the growth of the Group due to its premium positioning. During the year, the Group accomplished total revenue of RMB1,233.6 million with net profit of RMB265.7 million, increasing by 120.7% and 145.3%, respectively, as compared with 2009. In 2010, the Group achieved significant growth in every business segment as infant formulas, probiotic supplements, dried baby food products, and baby care products realized revenue of RMB793.6 million, RMB303.7 million, RMB97.8 million, and RMB38.5 million, respectively, corresponding to 64.3%, 24.6%, 8.0%, and 3.1% of total revenue. By the end of 2010, Mama100 registered members have amounted to 2.4 million, including 465,536 active members.
During the year, revenue of infant formulas was sustaining a strong growth at a rate of 233.3% after rapid growths in 2008 and 2009. In May 2010, Biostime Golden Care Infant Formulas ( Golden Care ) was launched to consolidate the Group s market position in high-tier infant formulas market. By the end of 2010, Golden Care has realized revenue of RMB123.2 million, contributing 15.5% revenue of infant formulas, which indicated the Group s successful expansion of its market share in infant formulas market.
As China s largest pediatric probiotic supplements provider in terms of retail sales, the Group achieved tremendous success in probiotic supplements market from 2003 to 2009. In 2010, the Group continued to reinforce its leading position in pediatric probiotic supplements market. Due to effective management of marketing activities, the Group accomplished a 14.2% increase in revenue of probiotic supplements as compared with 2009. On the other hand, revenue of dried baby food products, another driver of the Group s revenue, increased by 77.8% as compared with 
In May 2010, leveraging its market position in premium pediatric nutritional products, the Group began marketing baby care products for infants, children and nursing mothers under the BMcare"! brand. The Group expects a rapid revenue growth of BMcare"! products in the future and believes BMcare"! products will play a more important role over time.
The Group implemented precision marketing through the innovative Mama100 Membership Program, a key service program that offered the members access to the customer service and nursing consulting hotline, the mama100.com website, and membership points accumulation program. By the end of 2010, the Group has increased the number of Mama100 registered members by 67.5% and active members by 117.1% as compared with 2009.
The Group always puts the quality safety of its products at first place and safeguards the quality of its products by multi- layer of quality control and assurance. All the imported finished products and key raw ingredients of the Group must pass four stringent control levels: quality control by suppliers, quality control by foreign authorities, inspections by PRC authorities, and quality control by the Group.

Looking forward into 2011, the Group is confident to capture the abundant opportunities in China s fast growing market of premium pediatric nutritional and baby care products. The Group will continue to increase its brand recognition among consumers and expand its distribution channels. The Group will further its development of Mama100 Membership Program. The Group will also firmly cooperate with its reputable suppliers and enrich its product range to satisfy the ever changing needs of high-end mother consumers.
To further enhance brand recognition, through mass media including television, magazines, internet, and Mama100 Membership Platform simultaneously, the Group will implement precision and in-depth brand communication to disseminate the mission of the Group: Holding mothers hands to turn out Q babies with all-around development of smart IQ, love EQ and dynamic PQ. The Group plans to advertise its quality products on internet, magazines, and approximately 31 TV channels including provincial TV channels and CCTV channels in 2011.
Distribution channels are the important component of the Group s sophisticated value chain. The Group will continue to widen its nationwide geographic footprint by consolidating distribution channels which consists of specialty stores, retail sales organizations and pharmacies. By the end of 2010, the Group had increased the amount of VIP specialty stores to 3,687, Mama100 Member s Zones in pharmacies to 301, and retail sales organizations to 1,716. To further the development of its distribution channels, the Group aims to increase the amount of its VIP specialty stores to 4,500, Mama100 Member s Zones in pharmacies to 400, and retail sales organizations to 3,000 by the end of 2011.
The Group believes quality consumers are the key forces to move the Group forward to the future. By implementing precision marketing strategy, the Group intends to develop new Mama100 members while maintaining existing high-end membership base. The Group targets to own more than 1 million Mama100 active members in 2 to 3 years.
The Group, one of the leaders in the supreme-tier infant formula market in China, attaches great importance to the stable and quality supply of infant formulas. It has renewed a 3-year exclusive supply contract with the infant formulas supplier, Laiterie de Montaigu, which will significantly ensure supply stability as well as cost controllability of the infant formulas for 
As high-end mother consumers demand became more and more diverse, the Group will continue to enrich the range of its quality pediatric nutritional and baby care products to high-end mother consumers. Besides launching oral care products such as tooth pastes for babies and expectant mothers in March 2011, the Group will introduce more new products such as milk calcium tablet products and DHA soft capsule products in the remainder of 2011.

The global inflation will probably cause the rising cost of raw materials, which imposes a severe challenge on the Group.
The Group will strengthen supply chain management, increase operation efficiency, and take advantage of economies of scale to maintain its profitability. With the entry of new competitors, the competition will be intensified within the supreme- tier and high-tier infant formula market. The Group believes Mama100 Membership Program is its core competence and will thus retain its competitive edge.

The Group always prioritized its responsibility to society and thus established Biostime China Foundation for Mother and Child (the Foundation ) in 2007, in cooperation with Chinese Red Cross Foundation. The Group donated RMB0.1 to the Foundation for every unit sold. For the year of 2010, RMB1.1 million has been raised to the Foundation, which has helped 50 children who suffered from serious illnesses since its establishment.

After taking full consideration of the Group s financial position, net cash flow and capital expenditures, the Board of Directors is glad to recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.20 per ordinary share in respect of the year.
Going forward, the Company intends to distribute approximately 40% of the Group s profit available for distribution for that year to shareholders as dividend.
UNDERTAKINGS FROM CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS The Group has received the undertakings from the Controlling Shareholders who will voluntarily lock up their shares for 3 years beginning from the Listing Date.

2010 was a year of opportunity and the Group made every effort to achieve its great success. I am confident that 2011 will be another magnificent year for the Group with the endeavor of its employees. It is my honor to work with such outstanding people and I would like to thank them for all their remarkable contributions to the Group. I would also like to take this opportunity to express my great thanks to all the shareholders, Mama100 registered members, retailers, distributors, and suppliers for their longtime support.

Hong Kong, 28 March 2011 