Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors, I hereby present the annual results of Brilliance China Automotive Holdings Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31st December, 2015.
In 2015 China s economic growth decelerated for the first time in recent years, with GDP growing at a reduced rate of 6.9%. As a result, growth in China s automobile sector was negatively affected, registering total industry sales volume of 24.6 million units for the year, or an increase of 4.7% over the previous year, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers.
Of these, 21.1 million units were passenger vehicles, representing a growth rate of 7.3% for this segment compared to the previous year. The premium passenger vehicle segment in China had also realized a low single-digit growth rate during the year, which was significantly below the double-digit growth that it had experienced in prior years.
During 2015, normalisation of the China premium auto market growth had transpired faster than forecasted. Despite this rapid slowdown, our BMW Brilliance joint venture (the JV ) managed to record sales of 287,073 BMW vehicles during the year, representing an increase of 3.1% when compared to the previous year. Both the 5-series and 3-series continued to show growth in this challenging market, while the X1 had lagged behind due to life cycle and the pending introduction of the new and improved next generation model this year.
The rapid change in market condition has called for a comprehensive review of the JV s product portfolio, investment plans, long-term strategy, and the evolving themes of new energy and digitalization which have also become increasingly relevant. This is necessary in order to ensure proper alignment of our ongoing business model with potential future challenges. The JV continues to be confident about the long-term growth prospects of the Chinese premium auto industry, and believes the new products to be introduced over the next few years will broaden and also better tailor our product portfolio to the Chinese consumers increasing preference for smaller and more fuel efficient vehicles, as well as alternative energy products. Concurrently, there will also be additional concentration on cost reduction, streamlining of operation, sales volume enhancement, deepening of component localization, and further integration of our JV into the BMW network via potential exports of vehicles and components from China.
The capacity expansion project at the Tiexi plant has recently completed with the addition of an all-new front-wheel-drive production platform. Together with the Dadong plant, the JV has now reached total annual production capacity of over 400,000 units providing for products of different architectures. The new engine plant in Tiexi has also commenced operation in January this year, enabling local production of the brand new 3 and 4-cylinder BMW engines by the JV. Completion of these facilities will support the rollout of the multiple product launches planned over the next few years, starting with the new 2-series active tourer and the next generation X1 long-wheelbase 
The JV continued to expand its dealer network which had reached 520 outlets nationwide as at 31st December, 2015. During the year the JV has implemented a wide range of measures across its sales organization in an effort to strengthen the profitability of both the JV and the dealers.
In addition, extra efforts have been placed on dealer relationship development, brand value enhancement and the introduction of new features to modernize and expand its sales channels.
Our JV s sales activities will continue to be supported by the BMW auto finance company which has been contributing increasing profits to the JV so far.
As for the minibus business, the new premium MPV model under the new brand Huasong has commenced sales in March 2015. The initial market response was lukewarm, and further efforts are still required in promoting brand recognition and re-evaluating market opportunities. At the same time, the Group continues to produce facelift versions of its existing minibus and MPV models in order to make them more competitive. However, the year 2016 will remain challenging for this business, and it is likely that the minibus and MPV operation will continue to create a negative impact to the Group s overall financial performance for the coming year.
Brilliance-BEA Auto Finance Co., Ltd ( Brilliance-BEA ), the Company s new auto finance joint venture in China together with Bank of East Asia and CaixaBank, commenced business operation in April 2015 and achieved profit breakeven for the year. This new auto finance joint venture will focus on supporting the Group s sales of its minibus and MPVs and our major shareholder Huachen s sedan products for both wholesale and retail, and expand into finance & insurance as well as multi-brand businesses over time.
The year 2016 will continue to be a very challenging year for the Group. Maintaining the prominent position of BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. ( BMW Brilliance ) in the premium auto market remains the Group s business priority. Apart from that, the Group also continues to look for new business opportunities as well as ways to further streamline its existing operation and corporate structure as its business continues to grow.
Last but not least, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our shareholders, business partners, management team and employees for their continued support and dedication to the 
Wu Xiao An (also known as Ng Siu On) 
24th March, 2016 