Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors, I hereby present the annual results of Brilliance China Automotive Holdings Limited for the year ended 31st December, 2012.
During the year 2012, China s automobile sector continued to show mild growth, with total sales of 19.3 million units or an increase of 4.3% over previous year, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers. Of these, 15.5 million units were passenger vehicles, representing a growth of 7.1% compared to 2011. As in previous years, the luxury passenger vehicle segment in China continued to significantly outperform other segments, recording a growth of approximately 30% during 2012.
The year 2012 had been a productive year for the Group. Our BMW joint venture achieved an increased profit contribution of 35.2% on the back of a 48.7% increase in sales volume. The new second production plant of the joint venture in Tiexi commenced operation at the beginning of the year. The addition of this new production facility will allow our joint venture to produce up to 400,000 vehicles annually in the medium term. In addition, as part of our component localisation effort, a new BMW engine assembly facility also opened in March which will bring about further cost savings to the joint venture over time. As for new products, the X1 SUV was added at the beginning of the year as a third model for local production by our joint venture, and the new generation 3-series China-only long wheelbase version was launched in July to satisfy market demand in China.
The joint venture is also developing a local Chinese brand of new energy products for maiden launch at the end of 2013 in compliance with the Chinese government s requirements and to capture growth of a new segment for the joint venture s future development. This will necessitate the establishment of certain research and development competences within the joint venture for the development of China-specific new energy vehicles under the new local brand, as well as to facilitate further localisation of components in China.

With its planned capacity expansion being successfully rolled out, starting this year the joint venture will redirect its business focus on further development of its sales and marketing strategy. The BMW brand and product quality is highly appreciated by consumers in China, and our joint venture s share of the premium auto market continues to increase. The joint venture will continue to seek strong growth of its existing models over time, while formulating at the same time a roadmap for potential future new products. The strong sales momentum of our joint venture s products has been complemented by the rapid rollout of our dealer network, which has reached over 360 outlets nationwide as at the end of 2012. In addition, the BMW auto finance company is also playing an increasingly important role in empowering the joint venture s sales function.
As for the minibus business, growth of the light vehicle market continued to be slow during the year. Our existing minibus products are due for a major upgrade, and we have teamed up with our strategic partners to develop a new premium MPV model with market launch targeted by the end of 2014. As a result, the years 2013 and 2014 will remain challenging for this business, and it is likely that the minibus operation will bring negative financial impact to the Group s overall performance during those periods. In addition to the new model being developed, we are concurrently studying various options to enrich our minibus portfolio over time.
Apart from the above, the Group continues to look for ways to further streamline our operation and to strengthen our corporate structure as our operations continue to grow. The Group is also actively on the lookout for new business opportunities as a means to further expand our income 
Last but not least, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to our shareholders, business partners, management team and all other employees for their continued support and dedication to the Group.
Wu Xiao An (also known as Ng Siu On) 
27th March, 2013 