Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors, I hereby present the annual results of Brilliance China Automotive Holdings Limited for the year ended 31st December, 2014.
Against a backdrop of moderate economic growth and tightening of regulatory scrutiny, growth of China s automobile sector had slowed down during 2014, with total sales volume of 23.5 million units, or an increase of only 6.9% over the previous year, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers. Of these, 19.7 million units were passenger vehicles, reflecting a growth of 9.9% for this segment compared to the previous year. In spite of the relatively slow industry growth, the premium passenger vehicle segment in China has maintained strong growth momentum and continued to outperform other segments, recording a growth of approximately 22% during the period.
The year 2014 had been another successful year for the Group. Our BMW joint venture, BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. ( BMW Brilliance ), continued to achieve record sales and profits.
Despite the tough market environment, BMW Brilliance delivered impressive results for the year 2014 with a 61.2% increase in profit contribution in conjunction with a 34.7% increase in sales volume. The capacity expansion projects have progressed according to schedule during the year, which will provide for production capacity of up to 400,000 vehicles in our two vehicle production plants, as well as the production of the new three and four-cylinder petrol engines in the new engine plant, starting in 2016. In terms of new products, the joint venture had reached another milestone by introducing the very first China-produced BMW new energy vehicle ( NEV ), the 5-series long-wheelbase plug-in hybrid ( PHEV ) model, at the end of the year. In addition, three new BMW products to be locally produced in the future have also been confirmed, which will double the joint venture s locally produced product portfolio from three models currently to six over time. As for the Zinoro NEV business, sales of the 1E model commenced in early 2014 via a rental arrangement and has received positive market reception so far. Both the Zinoro 1E and the 5-series PHEV models demonstrate BMW Brilliance s capability in mastering the latest NEV technology in the areas of product development, testing and production. It is also an important part of the joint venture s strategy to continue to deepen its local roots in China, which further underpins BMW Brilliance s commitment to long-term success and to the future of local R&D and NEV development in China.
Over the past 12 years, BMW Brilliance has achieved remarkable performance by leveraging on the dynamic growth of the Chinese economy, and has successfully built up BMW as one of the most desirable premium auto brands in China while establishing a world-class production base in Shenyang. With the recent slowdown of GDP growth and the normalization of the Chinese auto industry, coupled with a much larger base effect, the very high rates of growth experienced in the past years will likely not be repeated for our existing model portfolio. The vehicle model mix will also undergo a change, as a new middle class with a particular interest in small and mid- sized models develops in China. Despite these market developments and new challenges, we are confident that our joint venture will continue to deliver solid growth with the support of our 
extensive dealer network. In light of the recent market changes, BMW Brilliance has agreed new targets and bonus systems with our dealers, which is based not only on sale volume but also on other important aspects such as customer satisfaction, sustainable business development, and the establishment of new business areas in aftersales, financial services and used cars which will further open up, offering great potential for both the joint venture and its dealers. At the same time, BMW Brilliance is also actively providing training workshops to all its dealers to further enhance their competences and competitiveness in capturing business opportunities in this transforming market. The joint venture s sales activities will also continue to be supported by the BMW auto finance company which has been contributing increasing profits to the joint venture.
As for the minibus business, the year 2014 was a challenging one for the existing minibus products. The minibus operation had a negative financial impact to the Group s overall performance for the year. The new premium MPV model, under the new brand Huasong which was co-developed with our strategic partners and external consultants, was launched to the market at the end of 2014 and will commence sales in the second quarter of 2015. In addition, the Group is also studying various options to augment our minibus portfolio over time.
During the year, Brilliance-BEA Auto Finance Co., Ltd, the Company s new auto finance joint venture in China together with Bank of East Asia and CaixaBank, has started building up its management team while undergoing the regulatory approval process. This auto finance company is expected to receive final approval for business commencing in the second quarter of 2015.
The initial focus of the new auto finance joint venture will be on supporting the Group s sales of its minibus and MPVs and our major shareholder Huachen s sedan products, with potential to expand to other third party business over time.
Apart from the above, the Group continues to look for ways to further streamline our operation and to strengthen our corporate structure as our operations continue to grow. The Group is also on the lookout for new business opportunities as a means to further expand our income base.
Last but not least, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our shareholders, business partners, management team and employees for their continued support and dedication to the 
Wu Xiao An (also known as Ng Siu On) 
26th March, 2015 