Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of Biostime International Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ), I am glad to present our Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2013, which corresponds to the fourth year since our Initial Public Offering on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 17 December 2010.

As a premium provider of high-end pediatric nutritional and baby care products in China, the Group has been committed to research, development, manufacturing, marketing and sales of premium products for infants, young children and pregnant mothers. Thanks to the booming baby products market in China which is supported by a strong demand from Chinese mothers, the Group recorded a consistent and fast growth of its revenue at a CAGR of 54.6% from 2010 to 2013. For the year ended 31 December 2013, revenue of the Group reached RMB4,561.3 million. Excluding the one-off expense (1) , net profit was at a record amount of RMB983.6 million.
For the year 2013, growths of revenue and net profit excluding the one-off expense were 34.9% and 32.4% respectively, as compared with 2012.
During the year 2013, the Group has consistently invested in its core competencies and thus recorded a strong growth of 50.1% for the sales volume and 38.2% for the sales revenue in its infant formula business, despite the dynamic changes in the market. Among the sales revenue, the infant formula business under the new Adimil brand launched in September 2013, recorded sales revenue of RMB347.6 million.
Probiotic is the second biggest business segment of the Group with the highest gross margin among the product portfolio. During the year 2013, the sales revenue of probiotic business recorded a growth of 20.8% as compared with 2012 and contributed to 10.0% of the Group s total revenue. The Group has launched a new series of probiotic products to satisfy the different needs of consumers and expanded its probiotic product portfolio.
Baby care category, under the BMcare brand, remains important to the Group s multi-category expansion.
Sales revenue of baby care products reached RMB152.2 million, and rapidly grew at 43.6% as compared with 2012. In January 2014, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Hangzhou Coco Healthcare Co., Ltd ( Coco Healthcare ), under which the two companies will jointly invest in five baby diaper production lines. This will enable the Group to launch a new series of baby diaper products to expand its business and reach a broader market in 2014.

(1) This one-off expense was fine of RMB162.9 million.

BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued) Due to consumption upgrade and concern of food safety, Chinese mother consumers demand more high-end infant formula products with high quality. To further secure the scarcity of the European milk source and access to sophisticated full formula spray-dry technology, and to gain traceability from the farm to finished product, the Company entered into an equity investment and financing agreement with Isigny Sainte Mre ( ISM ), a renowned French dairy cooperative manufacturer, in July 2013. The total equity investment and financing from the Company to ISM amounts to EUR20.0 million. Upon completion of this equity investment, the Company now owns 20% of the total issued share capital of ISM and has assigned one person to be a member of the board of directors of ISM. By utilizing these proceeds and other financing, ISM is currently building a new infant formula production and packaging industrial facility located on ISM s premises. ISM will also supply the Group s recently acquired infant formula manufacturing facilities in China with its milk source. The Company and ISM are strengthening cooperation in the field of milk supplies, manufacturing, research and development, in order to ensure continuous supply and improvement of the Group s infant formula products distributed in the Chinese 
The Group consistently invested in branding to increase brand recognition and enhance brand equity. In 2013, the Group further invested on advertising which resulted in an advertising expense increase of 15.2% from the year 2012. This expense increase is mainly from the investment in new media channels, such as internet TV, search engines and online social media.
Mama100 membership platform, which is an integrated database marketing platform providing various value- added services for members and member retail outlets, plays a significant role in the Group s success. It includes a professional magazine, nursing consulting hotline, mama100 mobile app, mama100.com website, membership point accumulation program and training program. This enables the Group to enhance cross- selling and consumer loyalty while supporting a series of database marketing activities to achieve higher sales and promotion efficiency. The average number of Mama100 active members of 2013 increased to 1,741,693 at the rate of 44.8% as compared with that of 2012, reaching 1,811,492 as of the end of 2013. The number of member retail outlets as of the end of 2013 increased to 20,709 at the rate of 32.7% as compared with 2012.
The sales generated by Mama100 active members contributed to about 88.9% of the Group s total revenue. In 2013, Mama100 call centre received 271,706 calls and Mama100 Children magazine issued 658,454 copies on average each month.
The mobile network and mobile applications have been changing the way consumers socialize, obtain information and shop. In September 2013, the Group, together with the current retail outlet partners and third party solution providers, established an Online-to-Offline ( O2O ) business model by integrating online ordering platforms and offline logistic resources of retail outlets. This will strengthen the collaboration with value-chain partners while creating additional benefits for retail outlets by introducing new sales through the online platform and improving operation efficiency. Moreover, this will give consumers great convenience to obtain information about parenting, make inquiries, redeem points, and do shopping online through the Mama100 app. Since O2O was launched, the points accumulated from online orders contributed to 9.0% of the Group s total accumulated points in the 
The Group s advanced information systems generates a huge volume of various kinds of data, which enables the management to monitor the business from different perspectives. Therefore, storing, processing and analyzing the data in a secure way is critical to the Group s information security, operation excellence and decision making.
During the year 2013, the Group implemented an information security management system which covers a wide range of the Group s products, services and operations. In December 2013, the Group received the Information Security Management System Dual Certification accredited by United Kingdom Accreditation Service (UKAS) and China National Accreditation Service (CNAS), thus demonstrating its conformity with international and domestic information security management standards, namely ISOIEC 27001:2005 and GBT 22080:2008, respectively.

BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued) To support the expansion of sales and distribution channel into lower tier cities, the Group increased the number of its sales offices in Mainland China from 87 to 104 during the year and kept recruiting new people and providing extensive training to the organization. By the end of the year 2013, the Group registered increases in the number of VIP baby specialty stores to 13,952, VIP pharmacies (1) to 1,522, and retail sales organizations to 5,235 or by 34.1%, 48.1% and 25.4%, as compared with 2012, respectively. At the same time, the Group has continued to track the inventory and sales of its products at the distributors level to avoid channel conflict and stuffing. This has enabled the Group to maintain a sustainable business growth through an advanced real- time distribution management system. According to the real-time distribution management system, the inventory turnover days of the Group s distributors was about 32 days on average in 2013.
Along with the Group s strategy of sales and distribution channel expansion, the Company acquired Changsha Yingke Nutrition Products Company Limited ( Changsha Yingke ), which is engaged in the manufacturing of infant formula products, for a total cash consideration of RMB350 million. This acquisition will expand the Group s production capacity for new Adimil series of infant formulas which will target high-end markets in fourth- and fifth-tier cities in China.
The Group is keen to use the best available ingredients for its products and invest in clinical studies in different fields. For example, in 2013, the Group cooperated with its strategic ingredient supplier Enzymotec Ltd (stock code on NASDAQ: ENZY), a world leading provider of structured lipids for infant nutrition use, and recently completed a clinical study on -vegetable oil, which is one of the key ingredients used in Biostime s infant formula products. This study clinically proves the benefits of this specific ingredient on Chinese babies.
While developing its procurement capacity and expanding its product portfolio, the Group remained focused on innovating new products, engineering technology and maintaining high quality inspection standards by cooperating with global raw material suppliers and world-wide research institutes. Starting from 1 January 2014, the Group has opened an infant formula product traceability system on its official website for consumers to inquire about the key information of the Group s infant formula products with the manufacturing date after 1 January 2013. Such information includes raw milk source country, product provenance, manufacturing date and the certificate of inspection and quarantine on imported goods issued by Entry-Exit Inspection and Quarantine 
The Group always values its employees as the most important asset and consistently invests in its organizational development so as to attract, retain and inspire the best talent. Competitive compensation, various training and educational opportunities are what the Group offers to fulfill its right talent. As at 31 December 2013, the Group had approximately 3,000 employees in Mainland China, Hong Kong and France. In 2013, the Group paid a total of RMB61.0 million to the trustee for the purchase of ordinary shares of the Company for awarding its employees under the share award scheme (the Share Award Scheme ) which was adopted in November 2011. In November 2013, in addition to the existing share option schemes and Share Award Scheme, the Group further adopted a 2013 share award scheme to extend the share incentive system, enabling the Group more options to award and motivate its employees. The Group was recognized and named the 2013 Best Employer by Guangzhou Daily, one of the most popular media outlets in southern China, for the second consecutive year.

(1) VIP pharmacies include pharmacies with Mama100 Member s Zones and pharmacies that meet the Group s special 
In November 2013, The Third Plenary Session of the 18th Communist Party of China announced a major adjustment on population and family planning policy. Adhering to the basic policy of the family planning, the new policy allows couples to have two children if one of them is an only-child. The Group believes that this policy adjustment will give a boost to the number of new born babies in the coming years and hence create a great business opportunity for the baby-related industries. The Group is therefore confident about its business prospect and reacts quickly to further capture this upside trend in China s fast growing market of premium pediatric nutritional products, baby care products and childhood education and psychological care services.
Channel Expansion and Brand Building In view of the business opportunities in lower tier cities, the Group will continue to develop its sales organization and increase product penetration by consolidating distribution channels, which consist of baby specialty stores, retail sales organizations and pharmacies. By the end of 2014, the Group is targeted to increase the number of its VIP baby specialty stores to 17,000, VIP pharmacies to 2,000 and supermarkets to 6,000. The Group also intends to recruit more new Mama100 members while retaining the existing high-end membership base and is targeted to own over three million Mama100 active members within three years.
Consistently investing in brand building through its well established multi-channel marketing platform is one of the key growth drivers of the Group s business. The Group will continue to invest in advertisements on traditional media circuits such as CCTV and 31 provincial TV stations, parenting magazines and in-store displays, while increasing exposure on internet TV, search engines, mobile terminals, new social networking platforms and other emerging media vehicles, so as to sustain and improve the Group s premium brand image.
The Group now has five product and service brands, namely Biostime , Adimil , BMcare , Parenting Power and Mama100 . In order to ensure dedicated efforts in growing each brand and maximize the value of Mama100 as an integrated membership service and database marketing platform, the Group is conducting an internal organizational restructuring to set up four independent business units, sharing the support from Mama100 platform and other background departments. The Group believes that this new structure will support its future business growth by creating brand cooperation synergy, improving company productivity and better leveraging its comprehensive database.

In response to the Group s market research and consumers feedback which shows a strong demand for high quality infant formulas in the fourth- and fifth-tier cities in China, the Group is developing a new series of infant formulas, under the Adimil brand. These new product series will be manufactured in the Group s manufacturing facilities in China, using the raw milk source imported from Europe. Meanwhile, the Group will broaden its baby diaper category, under the BMcare brand, by introducing new baby diaper products manufactured by its joint venture with Coco Healthcare. The Group will also continue to explore and launch new products in addition to the Biostime branded infant formulas and other products in order to capture emerging business opportunities.

It is the goal of the Group s membership platform to understand and fulfill its members childcare needs in a more comprehensive way. Through Mama100, the Group is able to interact directly with members and gather very large volumes of members purchasing data. After data analysis, the Group will be able to design and deliver better member services in order to improve the satisfaction of its member consumers.
The Group introduced a mobile app to its Mama100 members, enabling them to obtain information about parenting, make inquiries, redeem points and place online purchasing orders through the app. In 2014, the Group will accelerate the promotion of Mama100 app to increase the number of online active members and the volume of app download.
In the beginning of 2014, the Group launched two main online new initiatives, namely the Mama100 WeChat Store and the JD.COM Mama100 Flagship Store .
These online ordering platforms, together with the Mama100 app, will bring more shopping convenience to the Group s members. The Group will continue to upgrade and promote this newly launched function and develop other online ordering platforms with third party solution providers in 2014.
In order to provide professional and scientific guidance and services about baby and toddler s early education and psychological care, the Group has been conducting joint development of child and parenting educational programs in collaboration with world-renowned experts and organizations in Europe and the USA under the Parenting Power brand. In 2014, the Group intends to cooperate with third party organizations to provide the early education program to its members.
R&D and Quality Management The Group s Guangzhou R&D and Quality Analysis Centre is expected to be completed and start to operate at the end of 2014 after two years of construction. The Group believes that this new center will strengthen the Group s long-term R&D and quality management capability. Simultaneously, the Group is cooperating with Chinese Center for Diseases Control and Prevention by supporting research projects through a specific grant. In 2014, the Group will support about 50 projects in the field of nutrition, targeting mothers and children. This is an excellent opportunity for collaborating with key opinion leaders in nutrition research in China which ultimately will lead to better scientific knowledge and community welfare. The Group will continue to expand its R&D team in Europe and explore research projects with external institutes globally.
Stringent quality assurance and control is a key building block of the Group s business fundamental. In 2014, the Group will set up a new inspection center in its newly acquired Changsha infant formula manufacturing site to provide technical support to production process as well as to maintain quality control standards for the infant formula products produced locally.

Business Model Innovation The traditional brand companies need to react to the irreversible trend of the wide use of mobile network and prepare for the emerging business opportunities in order to succeed in the highly competitive market. By cooperating with value chain partners and third party solution providers, the Group has gradually made its O2O vision from a conceptual idea to an executable plan. This is a long journey of innovation and the Group will keep exploring the new projects to consummate the O2O business model.
Mama100, as a membership and marketing platform, provides the Group s management with huge volume of various market data, such as member data, channel data and retail outlet data. Leveraging on this comprehensive database, the Group can conduct precision data analysis in every dimension of business operation to support decision-making activities. This ability will eventually turn the business model into what is called one-to-one precision marketing or personalization, through the sophisticated member database analysis.
The Group will continue to develop the Mama100 platform to gain a more comprehensive record of member purchasing behavior, parenting information and individual preferences when the Group is interacting with its members, and to improve the database and analysis methodology to generate real-time market intelligence and feasible business action plan.

Competition will become fierce as the promising prospect of the high-end pediatric nutritional and baby care market will continue to attract new entrants in the future. However, with its market know-how and unique business model, the Group is confident in its ability to achieve success in 2014.
The Group is exposed to certain foreign exchange impacts because the majority of its products and raw materials are imported from Europe and the USA. The Group will strengthen its supply chain management, increase operation efficiency and leverage economies of scale in order to minimize the fluctuation and maintain 
After taking full consideration of the Group s financial position, net cash flow and capital expenditures, the Board of Directors is pleased to recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.44 per ordinary share and a final special dividend of HK$0.33 per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2013. Taking into account the interim dividend of HK$0.25 per ordinary share and the interim special dividend of HK$0.19 per ordinary share in respect of the six months ended 30 June 2013 paid in September 2013, the annual dividend will amount to HK$1.21 per ordinary share, accounting for approximately 70.3% of profit for the year ended 31 December 
In cooperation with the Chinese Red Cross Foundation, the Group established the Biostime China Foundation for Mother and Child in 2007 and has donated RMB0.1 to this foundation for every product unit sold. Since its inception, the foundation has raised a total of approximately RMB11.0 million by the end of 2013 and has assisted over 350 children and mothers suffering from serious illnesses. In particular, RMB1.0 million has been donated by the foundation for the relief and recontructing in Ya an, Sichuan Province after an earthquake took place there in April 2013.
The Group also cooperated with the Women and Infant Health Centre under China Centre for Disease Control and Prevention to establish the Biostime Mother and Infant Nutrition and Health Research Fund in 2011. This fund is dedicated to supporting researches on the health and well-being of women and infants, including disease prevention and control. The Group will continuously support and participate in such researches in order to contribute to the community welfare.

The year of 2013 witnessed remarkable achievements made by the Group with the great contributions and support from its dedicated employees, as well as all the other partners over the value chain, including the shareholders, Mama100 members, retailers, distributors and suppliers. I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all of them and look forward to delivering another year of excellent results with their continuous support.

Hong Kong, 25 March 2014 