Report of the Chairman and the Managing Director Growing on a Stronger Asset Portfolio PROFIT FOR THE YEAR The Group s audited profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2015 amounted to HK$17,113 million. Earnings per share were HK$4.43.
The Group s audited profit attributable to 
to HK$17,113 million.

The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$1.05 per share in respect of 2015 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company at the close of business on Thursday, 19 May 2016. This together with the interim dividend of HK$0.35 per share paid on 6 October 2015 gives a total of HK$1.40 per share for the year. The proposed final dividend will be paid on Wednesday, 1 June 2016 following approval at the 2016 Annual General Meeting.
* Cheung Kong Group refers to CK Hutchison Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries before 3 June 2015.
** Hutchison Group refers to Hutchison Whampoa Limited and its subsidiaries before 3 June 2015.
*** Property Businesses Combination refers to the combination and transfer to the Group of all the property businesses of the Cheung Kong Group and of the Hutchison Group pursuant to the reorganisation and spin-off plan completed on 3 June 2015.

Cheung Kong Property Holdings Limited (the Group ) was listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 3 June 2015 by way of introduction. The listing marked a new phase of growth for the Group under its reorganised business structure.
The Group s principal activities now encompass property development and investment, hotel and serviced suite operation and property and project management, and it has interests in three listed real estate investment trusts. It has a portfolio of diversified properties, which includes properties located in Hong Kong, the Mainland, Singapore and the United Kingdom. With the inclusion of a large number of high-quality properties from the Cheung Kong Group* and the Hutchison Group**, the Group s quality property portfolio has expanded significantly and become more diversified both in terms of asset type and geographical locations. Our fundamentals and competitiveness have been strengthened in terms of our business scale, operating base, and overall capabilities to sustain growth.

This is the first annual report of the Group since its incorporation and listing, which covers (i) the results of the property businesses of the Cheung Kong Group for the full year and (ii) the results of the property businesses of the Hutchison Group after the Property Businesses Combination*** for the period from 3 June 2015 to 31 December 2015. During the reporting period, all the principal businesses of the Group continued to perform solidly, and an increase in the fair value of investment properties was recorded reflecting the Group s long held policy of conservative property valuation.
For the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group s audited profit attributable to shareholders was HK$17,113 million, comparable to the profit of the property businesses reported by the Cheung Kong Group for the previous year, while profit before investment property revaluation was HK$15,568 million, 29% higher than that reported last year, and investment property revaluation increment was lower than last year.

The Group s high quality property development portfolio has expanded in terms of scale and market coverage as the properties developed by each of the Cheung Kong Group and the Hutchison Group have been transferred to the Group, and the joint ventures between the two groups have become its subsidiaries. The property market conditions remained challenging in Hong Kong and on the Mainland during last year. All development and marketing plans have proceeded cautiously according to their scheduled timetables. Revenue and contribution from property sales were in line with expectations.
* Cheung Kong Group refers to CK Hutchison Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries before 3 June 2015.
** Hutchison Group refers to Hutchison Whampoa Limited and its subsidiaries before 3 June 2015.
*** Property Businesses Combination refers to the combination and transfer to the Group of all the property businesses of the Cheung Kong Group and of the Hutchison Group pursuant to the reorganisation and spin-off plan completed on 3 June 2015.

The Group s investment property portfolio has extended notably due to the addition of various commercial properties of the Hutchison Group such as Cheung Kong Center, Hutchison House, and China Building which have been sources of quality rental income. With an aggregate gross floor area of approximately 1.5 million sq.m., the portfolio provides the Group with steady cash flow and stable recurring income to complement the cyclical revenue streams from the development and sales of properties. Retail sales in Hong Kong have weakened, exerting increased downward pressure on retail rents as a whole. The Group s property investment operation remained resilient amid a more difficult environment as compared to the past few years. A solid increase in contribution was recorded in 2015, partly attributed to the increase of investment properties which generated new streams of rental contribution to the Group, and the benefits of a loyal, quality tenant base and well-balanced tenant mix which helped stabilise rental income.
Hotel and Serviced Suite Operation With the inclusion of a number of large-scale, premium hotels and serviced suites of the Hutchison Group, the Group s hotel and serviced suite portfolio has visibly enlarged to cover over 16,000 rooms in aggregate and has brought with it stronger synergies. The hotel industry environment is increasingly challenging as tourist demand declines in the light of uncertain global economic prospects. Against this backdrop, the Group s hotel and serviced suite operation was inevitably affected.
Property and Project Management The Group continues to strengthen its property and project management business to support its development and investment properties. The inclusion of those projects managed by the Hutchison Group has increased the total floor area of properties under the Group s property management.

As stated in our interim report, the Group is steadfast in its aim to maximise shareholders value through the long-term sustainable growth of its business. With the property business as its core operations, the Group will implement the following business strategies to exploit its potential and create new growth: " Focus on the core markets: The Group will continue to focus on its core markets and seek to further solidify its market positions in Hong Kong, the Mainland and overseas markets, taking into account the operating conditions and tailoring the schedules of business development 
" Enhance recurring income from investment properties: The Group will evaluate and strategically adjust its mix of properties for sale and investment from time to time. It will continue to expand and enhance its existing investment property portfolio to complement the cash flow from sales of properties, while optimising its tenant base to improve recurring income and capture the long-term capital appreciation potential of its properties.
" Enrich the scale and brand positioning of the hotel and serviced suite portfolio: The Group will selectively expand its hotel and serviced suite portfolio, and actively manage its existing portfolio and enrich its existing hotel brand positioning. The Group will seek to improve operational efficiency to enhance the value of its hotels and serviced suites.
" Optimise land bank to balance stability and growth: The Group will focus on acquiring land at opportunistic times and reasonable prices by following a disciplined approach to land acquisition. The Group will manage and optimise its land bank actively in step with market conditions and in tune with its needs for medium- and long-term development.
" Maintain a disciplined financial policy: The Group will seek to maintain strong liquidity to capitalise on acquisition and investment opportunities as they arise through adhering to a disciplined financial management policy of maintaining a healthy debt ratio. The Group will exercise financial prudence in its capital commitments and deploy its capital resources efficiently to position itself for future growth.
" Explore other sources of revenue: The Group is open to considering various opportunities to generate revenue from other different sources, with a view to maintaining momentum for long-term sustainable development and growth, and balancing the cyclical impact on cash flow associated with the development of properties.

The uncertainties facing the global economy and financial markets are expected to continue. The impact of the monetary policy normalisation in the U.S. is unclear. Economic growth in the Eurozone area, Japan and other nations is slow, while oil and commodity prices remain low. These uncertainties coupled with political issues in certain countries have weighed on the pace of the global economic recovery. The operating environment for businesses of different sectors will continue to be challenging and difficult to varying degrees.
With proactive government measures to stabilise economic growth and to improve and adjust its macroeconomic policies, the long-term economic outlook of the Mainland is expected to remain stable and positive, albeit with some fluctuations expected in the process. As stated in our interim report, the One Belt, One Road initiative, which is a long-term development strategy of the Mainland, will present tremendous opportunities to various business sectors and Hong Kong as a whole, thereby facilitating its economic development in the longer term.
The Hong Kong residential property market continued to consolidate during the period as a result of property-related policies. On the Mainland, buyer s sentiment and property activities are expected to improve following the Central Government s measures to de-stock housing inventory. Going forward, the level of property prices in Hong Kong and the Mainland will continue to be affected by the increases in construction costs as well as development and marketing expenses. Government housing policies will continue to be a major factor in determining the long-term direction of market 
