Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of Biostime International Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ), I am glad to present our Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2014, which corresponds with the fifth year since our Initial Public Offering on 17 December 2010 on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ).

In the year of 2014, China maintained steady albeit slowing economic growth, and pressed ahead with its economic restructuring, which cast uncertainty over the country s consumer industries, including the baby product sector. To cope with such challenges in a rapidly evolving business environment, the Group, as a premium provider of high-end pediatric nutritional and baby care products, increased investment to support long- term business growth through a business unit restructuring in the first half of 2014. Therefore, the Group was able to go through this competitive environment and manage to deliver 3.7% sales growth and maintain solid financial performance with net profit margin of 17.1% for the year ended 31 December 2014, while revenue and net profit of the Group reached RMB4,731.6 million and RMB806.8 million, respectively.
To ensure dedicated efforts in growing the Group s four brands and to share support from Mama100 platform and other background departments, the Group conducted an internal organization restructuring to set up independent business units. The restructuring was completed on 30 June 2014, and began to bring benefits to the operation of the Group in the second half of the year. Productivity and efficiency have been improved, and cost savings were achieved through cross-brand cooperation and synergy generated by leveraging the extensive customer database. The Group is confident that the new structure will provide a solid foundation to sustain business growth and maintain sound financial control, despite the intensive competition in China s baby product 
In the past two years, the e-commerce proliferated rapidly and played an increasingly important role in consumers daily life. These years saw a fast shift from offline purchasing to online purchasing, leading to significant changes to offline sales channels and reshaping the competitive landscape. Acknowledging the emerging trend of online purchasing, the Group established an Online-to-Offline ( O2O ) business model by integrating online ordering platforms and offline logistic resources of its VIP baby specialty stores. During the year 2014, O2O business contributed to 10.1% of the Group s total accumulated membership points. As at the end of 2014, the combined number of Mama100 mobile APP registered users and Mama100 WeChat followers reached approximately 1.9 million, and the average number of daily active users of the Mama100 mobile APP during the fourth quarter of 2014 reached around 85,000. As at the end of 2014, there were over 20,000 membership stores participating in the Group s O2O platform and the Group has selected 4,000 stores out of them to build O2O flagship stores in order to standardize service procedures and increase service efficiency.

BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued) In addition to the existing O2O business model, the Group also adopted the Business-to- Customer ( B2C ) business model in August 2014. By the end of the year, the Group had already cooperated with the majority of the leading e-commerce platforms in China, including JD.COM, TMALL.COM, Yihaodian, Amazon.cn, Suning.com and Dangdang.com, etc. At the same time, the Group selected certain series of infant formulas products as key units on the B2C platforms in order to increase visibility, attract new members and boost sales. The Group has recorded a fast growth in its B2C business and received consumers positive feedback in its B2C layout period. The Group believes that its O2O, B2C and offline businesses will complement each other, and its multi-platform strategy will help capture new opportunities in the fast changing industry environment.
During the year 2014, the Group consistently invested in its core competencies and thus recorded a growth of 11.4% in the sales volume and 6.1% in the sales revenue in its infant formula business despite the intensified competition in China s infant formula market. As a newly launched infant formula brand, Adimil maintained strong momentum in the year, and accounted for 17.9% of the Group s sales of infant formulas. In the fourth quarter of 2014, the Group successfully launched a new Adimil series which were manufactured by the Group s Changsha Adimil plant using raw milk sources imported from Europe and target high-end markets in the fourth- and fifth-tier cities in China. According to Nielsen, an independent third party market research firm, the Group gained market share in both the offline and online infant formula markets in China in the year 2014.
And in offline market, the Group maintained its position as the third largest player.
BMcare, the baby care brand of the Group, contributed to 3.7% of the Group s total sales in 2014. In December 2014, the Group launched nationwide a new series of diapers which were manufactured by the Group s joint venture factory Hangzhou Coamie Personal Care Products Co., Ltd. (mg]S PNwt(u T gPlQS) (1) . The preliminary feedback from retail stores and Mama100 members on this diaper was very positive, which makes the Group believe that this new product will become a growth and diversification driver.

Hangzhou Coamie Personal Care Products Co., Ltd. (mg]S PNwt(uT gPlQS) was established in March 2014 in Hangzhou, in accordance with the joint venture agreement entered into by the Group and Hangzhou Coco Healthcare Co., Ltd (mg]Swt(uTN gPlQS) on 10 January 2014.

BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued) The development of new media has been changing the way consumers obtain information and the way companies advertise their brands and products. In 2014, the Group stepped up advertising and increased the brand building expense by 14.4% from last year. While continuing advertisement in traditional media, the Group has also invested increasingly in marketing with new media such as internet TV platforms, search engines, social media network platforms and online vertical parenting forums. Spending on emerging media in 2014 was more than triple of that in 2013. The Group is adapting its marketing strategy to meet the changes of media environment and will continue to invest in brand building to increase brand recognition and enhance brand equity.
The Mama100 membership continues to play a critical role in the Group s business. The average number of Mama100 active members of 2014 increased by 12.4% to 1,958,149, while the number of member retail outlets as of the end of 2014 increased by 64.7% to 34,098, as compared with 2013. The sales generated by Mama100 active members contributed to about 76.8% of the Group s total revenue. In 2014, the Group organized over 25,000 face-to-face parenting courses as membership service to increase member loyalty and recruit new 
According to Nielsen, the weighted average offline distribution rate of the Group is about 60%. Viewing this as a growth opportunity, the Group accelerated its store expansion, especially in the sales and distribution channels in lower-tier cities. By the end of the year 2014, the Group recorded rapid increases in the number of VIP baby specialty stores to 24,615, Mama100 Member s Zones in pharmacies to 2,824, and retail sales organizations to 6,659 or by 76.4%, 152.8% and 27.2% as compared with 2013, respectively. At the same time, the Group has continued to track the inventory and sales of its products at the distributors level through an advanced real- time distribution management system. This has enabled the Group to maintain healthy operating cash flow and avoid channel conflict and stuffing. In 2014, the average inventory turnover days of the Group and the Group s distributors were about 176 days and 31 days respectively.

BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued) In 2014, the Group continued to increase investment in research and development ( R&D ). At the end of the year, the Group s Guangzhou R&D and Quality Analysis Centre was completed after two years of construction and started operation. With this new center, the Group will be able to strengthen its R&D and quality management capabilities for the long run. In September 2014, the Group formally launched Biostime Institute of Nutrition and Care ( BINC ) at the occasion of the 19th session of the National Pediatric Academic Meeting. BINC is a research organization dedicated to providing mothers and children with science-based health solution in nutrition, care and psychology. It aims at serving as an important international platform for expert communication, academic exchange and resource sharing among medical and scientific professionals in China and abroad. The Group believes that the establishment of BINC will enable the Group to enhance its R&D capabilities and make great contribution to the development of innovative products. Moreover, in September 2014, the Group signed a technology transfer agreement with Mrieux NutriSciences, the world s leading provider of analytical testing and research services to pediatric nutrition and infant formula companies, to develop a high performance metagenomics platform for conducting microbiota research for the Chinese market. This cooperation will allow the Group to acquire cutting-edge knowledge in pediatric nutrition and health and to apply the research findings to potential product upgrade and innovation.
The Group is committed to high standard quality management and has worked closely with its suppliers to seek continuous improvement and deeper cooperation in this field. In May 2014, the Group s Changsha Adimil plant successfully renewed its National Industrial Products Production Permit for the production of infant formula products, demonstrating its full conformity with the more stringent industry manufacturing standards. The Group will continue to secure stable supply of high quality base milk powder from France by Isigny Sainte Mre ( ISM ) and cooperate with ISM s technical experts to ensure advanced production and quality assurance process in the Adimil plant. As to the Group s imported infant formula products, the Group s three infant formula suppliers in Europe were successfully accredited by the Certification and Accreditation Administration of China ( CNCA ) and registered with the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine of the People s Republic of China ( AQSIQ ) under the new regulations governing foreign infant formula producers.
The Group consistently invested in its organization by offering competitive compensation, various training and educational opportunities. As at 31 December 2014, the Group had over 3,200 employees in Mainland China, Hong Kong, France and Ireland. In October 2014, the Group granted 2,103,316 shares to selected employees by way of allotment of new shares under the 2013 Share Award Scheme adopted in November 2013. For the year of 2014, the Group was named as the 2014 Best Employer by Guangzhou Daily and China Best Employer by 
It is anticipated that in 2015, China s economy will face several uncertainties and the competition in the baby product industry will continue to be fierce. Nevertheless, the adjustment to the one-child policy will encourage the growth in the number of births in the coming few years, thus creating a greater business opportunity for the baby product industry. The Group has taken a series of action steps in order to capitalize future opportunities.

The Group will adhere to its multi-brand strategy in face of the development of mobile internet and the diversification of Chinese consumers needs. The Group will consolidate the brand equity of Biostime as a high-end brand providing all-round nutrition to support the development of physical, intelligent and emotional qualities of babies. Meanwhile, it will enhance the recognition of Adimil as focusing on nutrition enhancement and functionality to fulfill different customers needs. The Group will also continue to invest in BMcare which is positioned as a premium baby care brand.
Enhancing brand equity through multi-channel marketing platform is one of the important growth drivers of the Group s business. Nowadays, young parents seek for a more convenient and customized way to obtain qualitative parenting information on a timely manner. And information or recommendations from people and the community around play an instrumental role in parents decision on selecting baby products. Therefore, the Group will increasingly advertise on emerging media, such as new vertical online parenting forums and mobile apps, and will also design special parenting events catering for young parents needs and focus on word-of- mouth marketing, while maintaining a certain exposure in traditional media such as CCTV, provincial TV stations and parenting magazines.
Sales Channel Expansion In order to seize the business opportunities in lower tier cities and further extend the O2O network, the Group will accelerate its channel expansion and increase product penetration. By the end of 2015, the Group aims to increase the number of its VIP baby specialty stores to 30,000, VIP pharmacies to 6,000, while maintaining the number of supermarkets at the same level as at the end of 2014. As pharmacy is emerging rapidly among the offline channels in the sales of baby products, the Group expects to generate 10% of its total sales from pharmacies within two to three years.

After around one and a half years of operation, the Mama100 O2O platform has succeeded in providing convenience to Mama100 members, enhancing customer loyalty and eventually contributing to the sales of the Group s products. Meanwhile, the Group was well aware of the customers demand for more choices of products as well as the platform s strength in fulfilling this demand. Thus, the Group decided to open the platform for sales and marketing of third parties branded products, with the aim of developing it into a more comprehensive e-commerce platform. To further support this initiative, the Group will seek investors (including external professional institutional investors and certain key employees of the Group) into its subsidiary, Mama100 International Holdings Limited. In the long term, the Group is looking forward to building the leading vertical O2O e-commerce platform in China which focuses on products and services for pregnant mothers and babies. At the same time, the Group has already assigned an independent and professional team to handle its B2C e-commerce development. In the coming year, the Group believes that it will record a significant development of its B2C business. Lastly, the Group is gradually implementing its Customer-to-Customer ( C2C ) online member store authorization system, which enables the Group s offline member stores and other well-established retail online stores to sell the Group s products on C2C platforms. The Group will continue its diversified online platforms strategy and targets to derive 30% of its total sales from online sales within two years.

As a premium provider of high-end pediatric nutritional and baby care products, the Group is committed to fulfilling its members ever-growing needs for high quality baby products and parenting services by leveraging the Group s membership, marketing and distribution platform. In the coming year, the Group will continue to invest in its in-house R&D capabilities to develop new initiatives based on existing categories. On the other hand, the Group is looking for companies with high quality baby products, well-known brands and solid R&D capabilities as acquisition targets which will help further expand the Group s product category.

CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES The intensified competition and changes in distribution channels in China s baby product industry has made the business environment increasingly challenging. However, the Group has adopted its new marketing strategies and organizational structure to capture the opportunities alongside. With its market know-how and innovation in business model, the Group is confident of outperforming the market.
As the majority of the Group s products and raw materials are imported from Europe, the Group is exposed to the fluctuation of Euro to RMB exchange rate. The Group will strengthen its supply chain management and increase operation efficiency in order to cope with such fluctuation and maintain profitability.

After taking full consideration of the Group s financial position, net cash flow and capital expenditures, the Board of Directors is pleased to recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.41 per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2014. Taking into account the interim dividend of HK$0.26 per ordinary share in respect of the six months ended 30 June 2014 paid in September 2014, the annual dividend will amount to HK$0.67 per ordinary share, accounting for approximately 40.0% of profit for the year ended 31 December 2014.

The Group established the Biostime China Foundation for Mother and Child (the Foundation ) in cooperation with the Chinese Red Cross Foundation in 2007 and has donated RMB0.1 to the Foundation for every product unit sold. Since its inception, the Foundation has raised a total of approximately RMB15.0 million and assisted over 510 children and mothers suffering from serious illnesses by the end of 2014. In 2013, the Foundation donated RMB1.0 million to support the relief and reconstructing of Ya an in Sichuan Province after an earthquake, and the monetary donation has now been used to construct the Luo Ba Primary School. The Foundation is also cooperating with qualified maternal and child care hospitals and general hospitals in the country to carry out the project of Biostime Hospitals for Maternal and Infant Health Care (TuCQk0[QeRa_b) and 30 hospitals of this kind are expected to be built in three years with donation of RMB15.0 million from the Foundation. In recognition of the Group s contribution to society, the Group was awarded The Best Social Responsibility Brand 2014 at the 4th China Charity Festival.

The year of 2014 was a challenging and transitional year, but the Group was able to continue with steady progress thanks to the strong support from its dedicated employees, shareholders, Mama100 members, retailers, distributors and suppliers. I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all of them and I look forward to their continuous support and cooperation in creating a brighter future.

Hong Kong, 24 March 2015 