Chairman’s
Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the board of directors, I hereby present the annual results of Brilliance China
Automotive Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for
the year ended 31st December, 2016.
During the year 2016, China’s economy continued to grow at a moderate pace, with an increase
in GDP of 6.7% which was the slowest in 26 years. In spite of the slow economic growth, driven
by government purchase tax incentives for small engine cars, China’s total vehicle sales jumped
13.7% during the year, the fastest pace in three years and reaching 28.0 million units, according
to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers. Passenger vehicle sales also hit a new
record in 2016, achieving 24.4 million units or an increase of 14.9% during the period. Although
premium vehicle sales had not been able to benefit from the purchase tax concession owing to
bigger engine products in general, the premium passenger vehicle segment still delivered solid
growth in line with the overall passenger vehicle market, mainly driven by new product launches
during the year.
The year 2016 marked the beginning of next phase development and a multiple new product
launch cycle for our BMW Brilliance joint venture (“BBA” or the “JV”). The capacity expansion
project at the Tiexi plant was completed at the beginning of the year with the addition of an
all-new front-wheel-drive production platform. Together with the Dadong plant, the JV has
reached total annual production capacity of over 400,000 units providing for products of different
architectures. In addition, the new engine plant in Tiexi had also commenced operation at the
beginning of the year, enabling the JV to produce the brand new 3 and 4-cylinder BMW engines
locally. These new facilities have provided support to the JV’s new product launches starting with
the brand new 2-series Active Tourer and the next generation X1 long-wheelbase which were
introduced to the market in March and May of 2016, respectively.
The addition of the 2-series Active Tourer as the fourth locally produced BMW product, and
the first to be produced using the new front-wheel-drive platform, had contributed newly added
volume in 2016. Sales of the new and improved next generation X1 equipped for the first time
with a long-wheelbase to cater to Chinese customer demands have also ramped up quickly since
its May 2016 market launch. Alongside these new launches, our 3-series and 5-series continued
to deliver steady sales amid a very challenging market. As a result, BBA achieved sales of
310,026 BMW vehicles in 2016, representing an increase of 8.0% when compared to the previous
year.
BBA has continued to expand its dealership network which had reached 463 full service 4S
shops nationwide as at 31st December, 2016. The JV continues to work closely with its sales
organization on all fronts in an effort to sustain the profitability of both the JV and its dealers. Our
JV’s sales activities will continue to be supported by the BMW auto finance company, resulting in
increased sales volume and profits to the JV.
We continue to be confident about the long-term growth prospects of the Chinese premium auto
industry. We believe the new products to be introduced by BBA over the next few years will have
strong customer appeal, and will broaden and also better tailor our product portfolio to Chinese
consumers’ preferences. Cost reduction, operational efficiency, sales volume enhancement,
component localization, new energy product development, and further integration of our JV into
the BMW network via exports of vehicles and components from China will all remain key focus
areas for the JV.
As for the minibus business, the traditional Haise and Granse products had achieved stable sales
volume in 2016. Sales of the Huasong MPV model, however, has been disappointing, as further
efforts are still required in promoting brand recognition and re-evaluating market opportunities.
The Group is also considering various routes of potential strategic moves, including, but not
limited to, an attempt to explore the possibility of cooperation with a new business partner, to
turnaround its minibus operation over time. However, it is likely that the minibus and MPV
operation will continue to have a negative impact on the Group’s overall financial performance in
2017.
Brilliance-BEA Auto Finance Co., Ltd (“BBAFC”), the Company’s auto finance subsidiary in
China, had once again achieved profitability in 2016. In addition to supporting the Group’s
sales of its minibus and MPVs and our major shareholder Huachen’s sedan products for both
wholesale and retail, in December 2016 BBAFC has also successfully initiated a strategic
partnership with Jaguar Land Rover to finance their customers and dealers in China. BBAFC will
continue to seek expansion to provide finance and insurance support to multi-brand businesses
over time.
The year 2017 continues to be a very challenging year for the Group. Maintaining the prominent
position of BMW Brilliance in the premium auto market remains the Group’s business priority.
Apart from that, the Group will continue to identify new business opportunities as well as ways
to further streamline its existing operation and corporate structure as its business continues to
grow.
Last but not least, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our shareholders, business
partners, management team and employees for their continued support and dedication to the
Group.
Wu Xiao An
(also known as Ng Siu On)
Chairman
24th March, 2017