Report of the Chairman and the Managing Director
PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
The Group’s audited profit attributable to shareholders
for the year ended 31 December 2016 amounted to
HK$19,415 million. Earnings per share were HK$5.05.
DIVIDEND
The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$1.15 per share in respect of 2016
to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company at the close of
business on Wednesday, 17 May 2017. This together with the interim dividend of HK$0.38 per share
paid on 22 September 2016 gives a total of HK$1.53 per share for the year. The proposed final
dividend will be paid on Wednesday, 31 May 2017 following approval at the 2017 Annual General
Meeting.
The Group’s audited
profit attributable to
shareholders amounted
to HK$19,415 million.PROSPECTS
Business Review
Several unexpected events occurred in 2016 that reshaped the global political and economic landscape.
The repercussions of Brexit, rising U.S. interest rates and the depreciation of various currencies against
the U.S. dollar have given rise to an uncertain and difficult economic environment.
Cheung Kong Property Holdings Limited (the “Group”) continues to follow a prudent and disciplined
approach to development amid the challenges of a constantly changing marketplace. All of its
property businesses recorded steady progress, with a solid overall performance achieved for the year.
Meanwhile, the Group has pursued global investment opportunities in line with the criteria set out
in the 2015 Annual Report, and consistent with its strategy to broaden its growth prospects through
diversification and globalisation. Since late 2016, our footprint is poised to extend to the energy
infrastructure and aircraft leasing areas to enhance our recurring revenue streams and mitigate the
cyclical nature of cash flows associated with property development.
The Group’s overall results for the year were in line with expectations. For the year ended
31 December 2016, the Group’s audited profit attributable to shareholders was HK$19,415 million,
13% higher than last year. Profit before investment property revaluation was HK$18,032 million,
an increase of 16% compared with 2015. An increase in fair value of investment properties of
HK$1,383 million after tax was recorded.
Property Businesses
All of the Group’s property businesses are progressing steadily according to our schedules, with solid
performances achieved in 2016:
Property Development
The property market in Hong Kong generally remained stable although buyers’ sentiment was
affected by the government measures to stabilise the market in late 2016, and the advent of the
U.S. interest rate upcycle. On the Mainland, new measures were introduced in the fourth quarter last
year to regulate and moderate growth in property sales, construction and investment. The Group’s
property sales in 2016 comprised mainly projects in Hong Kong and the Mainland. Contribution for
the year was in line with our expectations. Looking to 2017, property projects in Hong Kong and
the Mainland will remain our major focus for marketing and sales.
Property Investment
The local retail market continues to consolidate with retail turnover continuing to decrease, albeit at
a slower rate in recent months. Despite the downward pressure on retail rentals amid the prevailing
difficult market conditions, the Group’s contribution from property rental increased when compared
with last year, largely attributable to the expansion of the Group’s investment property portfolio,
and the steady rental contribution from its premium commercial properties. To further strengthen
its recurring revenue base, the Group will continue to optimise and enhance its investment property
portfolio through investments in high quality projects with stable rental returns.
Hotel and Serviced Suite Operation
Visitor arrivals to Hong Kong increased in December last year, ending the successive declines in the
preceding five quarters. The number of Mainland visitors also appeared to have stabilised. However,
the average achieved hotel room rate in 2016 was lower than 2015. Inevitably, the Group’s hotel
operation was affected by the prevailing market conditions while the serviced suite operation remained
relatively resilient. Contribution increased moderately in 2016 as a whole. As part of the policies
to enhance its quality streams of recurring revenue, the Group will continue to strengthen its hotel
and serviced suite portfolio, and increase its competitiveness by enhancing operational efficiency and
brand positioning to release the underlying portfolio value in a timely manner.
Property and Project Management
The Group continued to strengthen its property and project management business to support its
development and investment properties. An increase in turnover and contribution was registered
as compared with the previous year. The total floor area of properties under the Group’s property
management is expected to increase following the completion of various developments.
New Business Ventures
Driven by the strategic objective to generate stable, quality returns for shareholders through
diversification and globalisation, the Group is poised to expand into new business sectors. Since late
2016, suitable investment opportunities have arisen:
On 14 March 2017, the necessary independent shareholders’ approval was obtained by each of
the Group, Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings Limited and Power Assets Holdings Limited for
the formation of a consortium which is held as to 40%, 40% and 20% respectively by each of
them to acquire 100% of the stapled securities in issue of the DUET Group which are listed on the
Australian Securities Exchange at an offer price of AUD3.00 per share. However, completion of the
acquisition is still subject to the approval of DUET Group’s securityholders and other governmental
approvals. The Group has adequate financial resources to satisfy the required financial commitment.
The DUET Group is an owner and operator of energy utility assets in Australia, the United States,
the United Kingdom and Europe, and represents an attractive investment opportunity with good
growth potential.
In December 2016, the Group purchased from CK Hutchison Holdings Limited the equity interests in
CK Capital Limited and Harrier Global Limited, companies engaged in the aircraft leasing business. The
acquisition was completed on 15 December 2016 at the adjusted total consideration of approximately
US$988 million (equivalent to approximately HK$7,690 million). We plan to expand the aircraft
leasing business as part of our strategy to broaden our growth prospects through diversification and
globalisation, and to generate steady cash flows and predictable returns on a medium to long term
basis.
Outlook
2017 is expected to be a year of evolving global political and economic developments. Uncertainties
may result following the change of the U.S. government in January this year and a series of government
elections across Europe and Asia. The Brexit process and the U.S. interest rate increases will also be
the focal points of the market. The global economy is likely to stay on a slow growth trajectory in
the year to come.
China’s GDP growth in 2016 was in line with expectations with the support of growth stabilising
policies. The growth is especially impressive when viewed against the prevailing difficult global
economic environment. Policies targeted at deflating asset bubbles and forestalling potential risks
will continue to deepen supply-side structural reform and boost the real economy. China is expected
to sustain a healthy and steady economic development over the longer term.
Hong Kong is under challenges from the complex and volatile external environment. The local property
market is likely to remain stable given the relatively solid economic fundamentals, and the pent-up
demand for properties. Government housing policies will continue to be a determining factor for
the property market both in Hong Kong and on the Mainland.
The Group is well positioned to diversify globally by building on its strong financial strength, with
ample liquidity and a low debt ratio. As guided by the principle “to advance while maintaining
stability”, we continue to pursue quality investments worldwide with stable recurring revenue, such as
infrastructure investment, property investment, and aircraft leasing. It enables us to secure recurring
revenue streams in the near term, achieve long-term sustainable business growth, and maximise
value for all shareholders. 2017 will be characterised by significant political and economic challenges.
The Group will continue to respond to evolving market trends with prudence and adaptability, and
with creativity and innovation. We will pursue business and geographic expansion to generate the
best returns for shareholders by leveraging on our sound fundamentals and strong financials, and
by adhering to a cautious development principle. The Group is reasonably confident in meeting its
profitability target for 2017 despite a complex and volatile global political and economic environment.
Intelligent, creative, dedicated, experienced and loyal employees are the Group’s most valuable
asset in this extremely competitive and challenging global environment. We take this opportunity
to thank our colleagues on the Board and our diligent employees for their hard work, loyal service
and contributions during the year.
Li Ka-shing Li Tzar Kuoi, Victor
Chairman Managing Director
Hong Kong, 22 March 2017