Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of Biostime International Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the
“Group”), I am pleased to present our annual report for the year ended 31 December 2016.
BUSINESS REVIEW
2016 was a year of challenges and new ambitions for the Group. During the year, we navigated our business
through fierce market competition in the infant milk formula (“IMF”) segment and major regulatory changes such
as formula registration rules and new regulations on Cross Border E-Commerce (“CBEC”). Amid the challenging
environment, we launched active sales in China through CBEC for Swisse Wellness Group Pty Ltd (“Swisse”) and
initiated post-acquisition integration of the Group. Through continuous investments in our brands, we maintained
our leading positions in both the baby nutrition and care (“BNC”) and adult nutrition and care (“ANC”) segments.
The Group’s total revenue and net profit for the year ended 31 December 2016 reached RMB6,505.6 million and
RMB1,052.0 million on currency-adjusted basis, with gross margin improving to 62.4% in 2016 from 61.9% in
2015. During the same period, the BNC and ANC segments contributed 58.8% and 41.2% of the Group’s total
revenue with EBITDA contribution of 62.6% and 37.4%, respectively.
This past year, the Chinese IMF market remained intensely competitive as the PRC authorities released stringent
formula registration rules in a bid to ensure the quality and safety of these products. The implementation of these
rules has led to increased competition and reduction in prices and margins as many players seek to reduce the
number of product series. Consequently, our revenue from the BNC segment experienced a slight decrease of
3.7% for the year of 2016 on a year-on-year basis, which was mainly attributed to the decline of our mid-tier
IMF products under the ADiMILTM brand, while the revenue from BiostimeTM branded IMF products increased by
4.4% compared to the prior year. According to Nielsen, an independent market research firm, the Group’s share
of the overall IMF market in China remained stable at 5.8% for the twelve months ended 31 December 2016
as compared to 5.9% for the twelve months ended 31 December 2015. In order to capture the fast-growing
demand for organic IMF products, we launched an organic IMF series in December 2016 under Healthy TimesTM,
a 36-year-old California-based organic baby food brand acquired by the Group in 2015. In addition, sales of our
probiotics products achieved a 29.8% increase compared to the same period last year, thanks to our innovative
marketing initiatives as well as growing demand from the market as resulting from increased awareness of the
health benefits associated with probiotics in China.
The revenue derived from the ANC segment amounted
to AUD542.5 million and increased by 2.6% for the
year ended 31 December 2016 compared with the
corresponding period last year, assuming the financial
results of Swisse were fully consolidated into the
Group for twelve months ended 31 December 2015.
Based on the research statistics from IRI, Swisse
maintained a leading position in the Australian vitamin,
herbal and mineral supplements (“VHMS”) market
with a market share of 16.6% for the twelve months
ended 31 December 2016. The CBEC regulatory
changes first announced in April 2016 led to destocking from distributors and retailers in Australia and lower
retail prices across both the Australian and Chinese markets in 2016, which negatively impacted our sales. In
order to maintain the premium positioning of Swisse and healthy inventory levels in our customer channels, we
streamlined the number of distributors in Australia and our discount strategy in both markets in the fourth quarter
of 2016. At the same time, we increased our marketing efforts to drive higher consumer demand.
2016 was the first complete financial year after the acquisition of Swisse in September 2015. To enhance our
premium brand image among consumers in our two core markets of Australia and China, we continued to
invest in Swisse’s brand equity to ensure the long-term growth of this business. In the Australian market, we
strengthened our long-term partnership with the Australian Olympic and Paralympic teams, and facilitated a
wide-reaching and innovative brand marketing campaign for the 2016 Rio Olympics. Meanwhile in the Chinese
market, Swisse continued to lead the healthcare category on Alibaba platforms with its unique branding and
product offering. The strategic partnerships with major e-commerce platforms in China empowered Swisse to
achieve strong sales growth by increasing its exposure through sophisticated co-operative campaigns, such as:
– Official China launch gala with Swisse brand
ambassador Nicole Kidman;
– Arnold Classic Asia Multi Sport Festival with
Tmall.hk;
– Champion House for the Rio Olympics with
NetEase Kaola.com;
– Sole title sponsor of 12-hour live show for
Singles’ Day with JD.com; and
– Sponsorship of The Color Run™ Shenzhen with VIP.com.
Despite these major marketing and branding investments, coupled with impacts from PRC regulatory challenges,
Swisse still achieved a solid EBITDA margin of 27.9% for the full year of 2016.
PROSPECTS
With the new mission of “Making People Healthier and Happier”, the Group aspires to become a global leader in
premium nutrition and wellness through our superior products and aspirational brands. In order to better reflect
the equal importance of our two business segments, BNC and ANC, as well as our common corporate culture
and values, we are planning to reposition our Group with a new name which will embody the new mission and
vision of the Group.
Heading into 2017, we expect challenges from market competition and regulatory changes in both the IMF and
VHMS segments, however, we also see great opportunities for growth and synergies from further integration.
Business Integration
Following the completion of the acquisition of the remaining 17% minority interest in Swisse, we have initiated a
group-wide integration program to facilitate synergies and operational efficiencies across all business dimensions,
including distribution, research and innovation, finance, customer relationship management (“CRM”), corporate
culture and personnel capability.
The primary focus of our integration initiatives is to leverage the existing resources of the Group to realize
maximum synergies. As part of this, in 2017 Swisse will expand its presence in China from CBEC to normal trade
by utilizing Biostime’s existing business resources including its sales teams, distribution systems, store networks
and CRM systems. This will enable us to accelerate our exposure in the fast growing VHMS market in China and
more efficiently build up a loyal customer base.
Baby Nutrition and Care
Looking ahead, we believe that the Chinese IMF market will continue
to consolidate as the enforcement of formula registration rules come
into effect on 1 January 2018. Price volatility is expected to continue
in 2017 due to destocking as many players seek to reduce the
number of product series before the enforcement of the registration
rules. Post full implementation of the two-child policy and formula
registration rules, we are confident that Biostime will benefit from both
the increasing demand and market consolidation starting in the later
part of 2017. At the end of 2016, we introduced the new Healthy
TimesTM organic IMF series to the Chinese market to strengthen
our offering in the supreme segment. This new series has received
positive feedback from consumers since its launch. In December
2016, we completed the full acquisition of Dodie, a renowned French
baby product brand with nearly 60 years of history, to complement
our product portfolio and capture the growing demand for baby care
and accessories products. Dodie’s strong brand equity and unique
products in international markets will enhance our global image and
expand our high quality product offering in the baby care segment.
Adult Nutrition and Care
After gradual destocking from distributors and retailers in Australia in 2016 following the announcement of the
CBEC regulatory changes, we have recently observed that the market confidence has been gradually restored
with inventory levels normalizing. However, we may face pressure in the first half of 2017 as a result of changes
to the stock discount structure implemented in the fourth quarter of 2016 as part of our global pricing strategy
and relative to the first half of 2016 which was prior to the regulatory changes. It will take some time for us to
achieve a full recovery from the impact on our business, but we are confident we can achieve sustainable growth
through business initiatives in Australia and China during the full year of 2017, especially given the clearer CBEC
regulatory directions.
As of March 2017, Swisse is delighted to have entered into an international partnership agreement with
Scuderia Ferrari F1® Team, the world’s most successful Formula 1 team in history. This partnership is another
transformational ingredient in Swisse’s global marketing strategy
and will support our growth and expansion into new markets, raising
awareness with consumers worldwide, including within China. In
Australia, we also look forward to aspirational brand and instore
marketing initiatives related to our partnerships with the Australian
Football League and Australian Rugby Union Team, and Swisse
ambassadors. Swisse continues to lead in product innovation with the
launch of a number of new products in our innovation pipeline set to
launch globally over the next 12 to 18 months.
Adult Nutrition and Care (Continued)
To accelerate our business expansion and broaden our consumer base, we have kicked off the offline roll-out in
China with soft launch in selective retail outlets such as Watsons and Sam’s club, and will leverage more existing
retail resources to introduce Swisse offline products as conventional food, including the two hero products Hair,
Skin and Nails (HSN) and Cranberry Concentrate in liquid and effervescent forms. With strong sales momentum
on major e-commerce platforms and the upcoming official offline launch, we foresee promising growth for Swisse
in the Chinese market and will continue to increase brand awareness via cutting-edge marketing campaigns. In
addition, once the supporting rules are fully released, we will commence the filing and registration procedures for
certain products that fall into the health food category as required by the Administrative Measure of Registration
and Filing of Health Food (《保健食品註冊與備案管理辦法》).
Globalization
As a dedicated leader in our core markets, we procure our premium ingredients from the best sources in the
world to make superior products under our aspirational brands. Thanks to our strong innovation capability and
science-based proprietary formulas, we continue to lead in the IMF and VHMS categories by offering products
that meet consumer needs in different markets.
Healthy lifestyle is becoming a priority for many consumers across the globe. By leveraging our global resources
and working hand in hand with our business partners, we will strive to promote our superior products and
aspirational brands in more territories, such as Singapore, United Kingdom, Italy, Netherlands, France and
North America with a focus on innovation capability, brand investment and resources integration. We expect the
combined strength of Swisse and Biostime to drive our sales, market share and consumer engagement globally
in the future.
Capital Structure
In 2016, the Group successfully refinanced debt raised
to fund the Swisse acquisition in September 2015
and existing convertible bonds, thereby significantly
de-risking the balance sheet of the Group. Following
these two successful debt refinances in 2016 and
completion of the senior notes offering to fund the
buyout of the remaining 17% Swisse minority stake in
February 2017, our priority is to further improve our
capital efficiency and overall financial stability to lay a
solid foundation for future growth.
CHALLENGES
Regulatory changes, including IMF registration rules and CBEC regulations, remain the biggest challenges for our
business. Nevertheless, we are proactively responding to the ever-changing environment by enabling the offline
product launch of certain star products as conventional food in the Chinese market.
Within the IMF segment, we have been preparing for the application documents associated with the new formula
registration rules and already started to submit. Supported by high manufacturing standards to ensure product
safety as well as strong research and development capability to deliver premium quality, we are confident that
our products can meet the stringent requirements set by the authorities.
Within the ANC products segment, the effective date of the new CBEC regulation, which was announced on 8
April 2016, has been further postponed to the end of 2017 in accordance with a statement of the Ministry of
Commerce issued in November 2016. On 17 March 2017, Ministry of Commerce further clarified that starting
from 1 January 2018, the commodities imported via CBEC will be considered as personal goods and no
longer be subject to trading goods requirements until further notice. This will significantly reduce the regulatory
constraints that may have been previously imposed on our ANC products. Though the government appears
to have adopted a more open attitude towards CBEC, there may be new regulatory arrangements to ensure
product quality and safety post the grace period. Our offline product launch in China will further help diversify
any risk to our CBEC sales as the sales contribution from physical stores increases over time.
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
Social responsibility for the Group is understanding that a healthy community means a healthy environment and
healthy people balancing nutrition, movement and mindfulness in their daily life choices.
We understand the need to speak with consumers about taking control of their health, and that small changes
in choices can make big impacts on their health and wellness. As such, the Group proactively seeks to nourish
social, environmental, and economic factors within our community in order to build a more sustainable future.
The materials we purchase are carefully considered, so we are not only offsetting our emissions, but funding
programs that have many benefits for the community. We nourish the environment through our carbon offsetting
programs in Australia and Carbon Neutral status, verified through the Australian Government’s National Carbon
Offset Standard.
The Group also has two philanthropic foundations. The “Biostime China Foundation for Mother and Child” (the
“BC Foundation”) was established in 2007 in cooperation with the Chinese Red Cross Foundation and donates
RMB0.10 to the BC Foundation for every product unit sold. Since its inception, the BC Foundation has raised
a total of approximately RMB29.0 million and supported over 1,085 children and mothers who suffer from
serious illnesses. In recognition of the Group’s contribution to society, the Group was awarded “Public Welfare
Innovation of the Year” and “Public Welfare Project of the Year” at the China Charity Festival 2016.
In addition, the Group also has the Celebrate Life Foundation which was founded by Swisse in 2014. The
foundation’s name encapsulates its mission and vision – helping people celebrate life every day. The Celebrate
Life Foundation aims to inspire wellness throughout the community, by addressing Australia’s biggest health
challenge – growing rates of preventable disease. To make this happen, the Celebrate Life Foundation supports
charitable programs and research initiatives that promote a greater awareness and encourage action around the
three pillars of lifelong wellness: Mindfulness, Movement and Nutrition. Since its inception, the Celebrate Life
Foundation has raised over AUD2.0 million for community programs.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
The Group has successfully created a strong
foundation for sustainable growth in two dynamic
segments, and furthered its endeavors to expand
globally. This would not have been accomplished
without the devoted effort and support from our
dedicated employees, shareholders, Mama 100
members, banking and business partners across all
markets. I would like to extend my sincere gratitude
to all these people and look forward to a long-term
collaboration in creating a prosperous future and
making people heathier and happier.Luo Fei
Chairman
Hong Kong, 27 March 2017