Chairman s Statement 
2003 was a successful year for Brilliance China Automotive Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group ), with new records being achieved in terms of production, sales and profitability. For the first time in the Group s history, we produced and sold more than 100,000 vehicles (including both minibuses and sedans) in a single year. With sales of approximately RMB10.1 billion, the Group surpassed the sales of 2002 by 38% and achieved a new record.
Excluding the start-up losses of our sedan joint venture with BMW, the Group also exceeded the former record level of profits achieved in 2000.
2003 was also a year in which we achieved major milestones in the evolution of the Group. We successfully introduced new face-lift versions of our minibuses and increased our year-on-year minibus unit sales by 15% to 74,000 units, thereby maintaining our leadership position in China s minibus market. We also launched new versions of our Zhonghua sedans equipped with new transmission systems and engine sizes. Despite the increasingly competitive environment in the mid-range sedan market, our Zhonghua sedans began generating profits in 2003, the first full year of production and operation. A further highlight of the year was the establishment of our sedan joint venture with BMW in May 2003 and the introduction of the BMW 3-Series and the 5-Series in the fourth quarter of 2003. We believe the BMW sedans were well received by the Chinese market with unit sales of over 4,300 sedans in that quarter.
The continuing demand for high quality and competitively priced automotive engines and components in China led to significant growth in sales and profitability of our joint ventures in these areas in 2003. To meet this growing demand, the Group will continue to evaluate and consider on a highly selective basis other strategic investment opportunities in the engine and 
Looking ahead, we believe the business climate in 2004 will continue to be challenging and competitive. With China s new automotive financing regulation, the proposed new automotive policy and stricter regulations on emissions and fuel efficiency standards, the Chinese automotive industry is set to enter a new era. These new regulations could have an impact on our cost structure in the event we are required to change our products or components in order to comply with such new requirements. In addition, we expect the launch of numerous new models and price reductions will further intensify the competition in the market, particularly with respect to mid- range sedans. The continued implementation of regulatory reforms relating to China s membership in the World Trade Organization is also expected to increase competitiveness in the Chinese automotive market, with import tariffs and quotas slated to be further liberalized in the coming year.
In 2004, we will continue implementing our core strategies in order to reinforce our leading position in the Chinese minibus sector and strengthen our competitive position in the sedan sector. With our established market position, balanced product mix, continued efficiency and quality improvements, strong distribution network and foreign partnerships, we believe the Group is well positioned to capture the market opportunities and overcome the challenges ahead.
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our staff and shareholders for their continued support.
Wu Xiao An (also known as Ng Siu On) 
22nd April, 2004 