Chairman s Statement 
Conditions of the automobile industry in China were difficult in 2005. The Group s results were materially adversely affected by general production overcapacity and intensified price competition in the industry. The difficult market conditions were exacerbated by rising global fuel prices which led to an increase in petrol prices in China. All these factors attributed to a decrease in sales volume and average selling prices of the Zhonghua sedans and minibuses in 2005. As a result, the Group s sales for 2005 were approximately RMB5.5 billion, representing a decrease of about 16.4% from 2004. Furthermore, the low sales volume and operating losses of our Zhonghua sedan and one of our engine joint ventures resulted in the provision for impairment losses on intangible assets and goodwill, respectively in 2005. As a result, the net loss attributable to equity shareholders in 2005 was RMB649.6 million in 2005 compared to the net income of RMB48.6 million in 2004.
Nonetheless, China s economy continues its robust growth. The recovery of automobile industry in China appears to have gained momentum in the first quarter of 2006. Meanwhile, we have taken internal measures to improve our operating efficiency and competitiveness by broadening our product range in both minibuses and sedans. Our long awaited product, Junjie, a new home-grown branded sedan targeting the middle-income level families in China, has been successfully launched to the market in March 2006. The design and technology of Junjie was well received by customers in China. With the improved macro-economic outlook and introduction of our Junjie, we are confident that the sales performance of our sedan businesses will improve in 2006.
For minibuses, we will continue to increase our product range so as to maintain our leading position in the domestic China market. The growth of our high end premium minibus, named Granse, has been encouraging. We will also leverage on our wide variety of minibus products to explore new market opportunities in the inner cities and villages in China and overseas markets as well.

As for the BMW joint venture, we will continue to strengthen the business cooperation with our joint venture partner and improve our market share in the high end premium sedan segment in China. Our joint venture is committed to improve operational efficiency and profitability by increasing the domestic components ratio and launching new products in China.
Our overall performance in 2005 was less than satisfactory. We have therefore taken proactive measures to improve our businesses in 2006. Sales for the first quarter of 2006 are encouraging. The Group sold 4,574 Zhonghua sedans in the first quarter of 2006, representing 68% increase over the same period last year. For minibuses, although the Group sold 15,473 minibuses in the first quarter of 2006, about the same as during the corresponding period in 2005, the product mix has shifted slightly to higher margin products like Granse. Looking forward, the competition in the Chinese automotive industry will remain difficult. With our focused strategies and continuous support from the government and our strategic partners, we are confident that we will continue to benefit from the long-term growth momentum of the automobile industry 
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to our shareholders and staff for their continued dedication and commitment to the Group.
Wu Xiao An (also known as Ng Siu On) 
21st April, 2006 