CHAIRMAN S LETTER 
In year 2010, we have achieved breakthrough records in profit attributable to the owners, earnings per share, operating cash flow and total revenues. Meanwhile, we continue to deliver superior returns to you, our shareholders.
Our business and financial performance was attributed to the consumption growth of the 3rd and 4th tier markets, the various domestic stimulus policies, the continuous support of our parent company through assets injection, the dedication of our management to expand the integrated channel services business, and especially, the result of our effective strategy execution pursuant to our persistent business philosophy and values.
In this letter, I will further explain our strategic thinking and strategic initiatives planned in the coming year for the sustainable growth of the Company for the future years.
2. The Haier Electronics Today In the Chairman s letter last year, we proposed to expand substantially our distribution network in 3rd and 4th tier markets. During the year of 2010, we have extensively developed our integrated channel services business in 3rd and 4th tier markets. We have developed from being solely a manufacturer of washing machines and water heaters to an influential integrated channel service provider in the home electrical appliance industry in China.

2. The Haier Electronics Today (Cont d) In the washing machines business sector, Haier maintains our world No. 1 position in term of sales by a single brand name. In the water heaters business sector, we have intensified the research and development as well as enhanced innovation in gas and solar energy products, and as a result maintained our No. 1 position in the domestic market. To develop the integrated channel services business, we have acquired the logistics assets from our parent company, further invested in the distribution network, and also set up distribution platforms with venture partners.
The combined performance of the Group s manufacturing business and the integrated channel services business for year 2010 was 
Revenue and profit attributable to the owners: In year 2010, the Group s revenue reached RMB35,807,000,000, up by 178.0% from last year. Profit attributable to the owners grew by 114.9% to RMB964,000,000, our highest record ever.
Earnings per share We have continued to achieve strong growth of earnings per share. In year 2010, the basic earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders were RMB46.85 cents, up by 109.9% from RMB22.32 cents of 2009 (restated), another record high.
Operating cash flow The Group has consistently generated strong operating cash flow.
In year 2010, the amount of our cash flow from operating activities was equal to 128.5% of net profits. The Group had a cash and cash equivalents balance of RMB2,706,000,000 as at 31 December 
3. Adaptation To the Trends We are pleased to share with you the four major trends we have 
The Recovery and Volatility of the Global Economy In the past year, the global economy has gradually recovered while the developed markets returning to growth and the emerging markets continuing to develop rapidly. The Chinese domestic market, the focus of our principal business, maintained a robust growth and became the second largest economy in the world. On the other hand, the prices of raw materials consumed by the public, such as copper, steel and oil gradually increased along with the economic recovery, with an explicit appreciation of RMB. However, unpredictable worldwide events that may arise from time to time, create short term volatility and interrupt our long term growth.
The increase of Chinese labour cost and the development of 2nd and 3rd tier Cities in China We recognise that the increase in labour cost will be a trend in the forthcoming years. With the increasing labour and raw materials costs, the home appliances manufacturers should not restrict themselves to being assemblers but should add values to the customers through their innovative designs. Only through the provision of differentiated services solutions that we can assure the growth in profitability.
Along with the increasing wages and the upgrade of the industrial structure, we observed the rising importance of the domestic markets of China which is attributable to the gradual development of the inland cities as well as the urbanisation of the 2nd and 3rd tier cities. There will be major moves by manufacturers to relocate their production bases to inland provinces, diverting the flow of labour force from the coastal regions. The consumption power of the inland province cities will be enhanced.

3. Adaptation To the Trends (Cont d) Multi-layered Customer Requirements China market has a multi-layered customer structure. Fashionable and high end design home appliances with energy-saving and environmental-friendly features are popular in the 1st and 2nd tier markets. On the other hand, in the vast 3rd and 4th tier markets, majority of the consumers are focusing on fair price, reliable quality and good service.

Increasing popularity of the Internet has brought challenges to both home appliance manufacturers and distributors. Since the utilisation of the Internet, the personalised needs of the consumers, including product search and delivery of orders, are readily satisfied. With the Internet platform, home appliance manufacturers should pay more attention to explore more sources for customers, providing them with better solutions and building reputations and customers loyalty through the Internet.
The emerging internet based on-line sales is growing rapidly.
We believe that on-line sales platform for home appliances is an important sector which draws the attention of all home appliance 
As we believe the above trends will affect the home appliance industry and create winners and losers, we have explored a new drive for the Company i.e. the integrated channel services business in the 3rd and 4th tiers cities as we described in the 2010 interim report. In developing such channel business, we have acquired the relevant logistics assets from our parent company. In addition, we will further acquire other related businesses such as after-sales services, recruit more personnel with distribution experience and invest in assets for distribution and logistics services.

4. Strategic Directions to the Growth Strategy In 2011, we aim to generate strong growth in three ways.
Expand brand and product portfolios We will create broader and deeper product portfolios to serve 
In order to achieve this, we will further expand our high end products into environmental-friendly and energy-saving home appliance products. The recent successful examples were the introduction of Casarte Duplex Large-Cylinder Front Loading Washing Machine and wall mounted solar water heater . By introducing specially customised high-end products to the market, we can strengthen our position in the high-end home appliance industry in China and enhance our profitability.
We will simultaneously expand our portfolio into the value-priced segment. Rather than introducing a sub-brand under the Haier umbrella as we have done previously, we are launching a new brand Tongshuai targeting value-conscious customers in the 3rd and 4th tier markets, by offering simple function products with good quality and reliable service.
Extend our distribution system to Non-Haier brand and Non-White Goods products The goal of the integrated channel services business is to develop an open platform with a good interaction and a strong logistics and services system. Hence, our next focus is to expand continuously the network of our Goodaymart stores and enhance the in-house servicing level so as to attract more brands and products to deliver through our network.
Small home appliances, televisions, personal computers and digital products will be our next focus of introducing supplier sources.
These products have different characteristics and product cycles that require us to enhance continuously our ability in product order planning, inventory management, logistics and after-sales 
4. Strategic Directions to the Growth Strategy 
Develop fast-growing on-line businesses Our strategy in developing our internet based services is to utilise the advantages of the Internet. These include effectively identifying the personalised needs of customers, reducing the costs of sales and transactions and creating a low-cost interactive platform, and integrating such advantages with our efficient logistics system, customers-centered product development process and strong 
We will consider to integrate the Internet based home appliances sale platform acquired from our parent company, providing our customers with enriched product information and allowing them to order on-line. Our customers will then be able to pick up the stock and enjoy services at the nearby physical stores.
Moreover, we will develop a specialised and unified multi-channel sales platform, integrating the telephone, catalogue and the Internet for distributing home appliance, digital and household products.
5. Competencies to win We believe our focus on the following three competitive edges will enable us to seize strategic opportunities.
Firstly, we will maintain our core strengths consumer understanding, brand-building, product innovation, make-to-order, modular production, customer-oriented product design and solutions. For instance, our specialists designed the rat-proof washing machines based on the requirement of rural customers, the quietest washing machine in the world suitable for urban customers and the wall mounted solar water heater for the high-rise apartments 
5. Competencies to win (Cont d) Secondly, we continue to establish our Autonomous Units system with a flat organisation structure. The goal is to develop a self- initiated enterprising culture of cultivate the customer base and share the added value so as to realise the win-win situation between employees and the Company. In practice, we integrate the different production units from the factory into a supply chain platform so as to reduce the tediousness in management and enhance efficiency in production. Also, we let the sale platforms in different locations behave as a corporate entity, and strive to let each member of the sale team to have a mission to face the market and customers rather than to indulge in resources-approving authority. In order to let the front line staff to have self-initiated decision making mechanism and motivation, we require all senior managers to break their boundaries that provide subordinates with a self-initiated operation platform and delegate the authority.
Thirdly, we strive to develop our company into an organisation with compatibility to make use of the external resources including through acquisitions and strategical alliances. During the year, we formed joint ventures with home appliance distributors in Shandong to begin the expansion of our Goodaymart distribution network, for which we have formulated business plans based on available synergies. We have adopted an option incentive programme encouraging the achievement of challenging strategic goals.

Our team is ready to strive toward its goal. More investments will be put on brand building, distribution, logistics and customer services. We will have emphasis on investment return and long term strategies, and also cultivate the culture of Customer-centered Authorised and Autonomous Units system. As such, we are able to seize the strategic opportunities.

6. Outlook (Cont d) Let me conclude this statement by expressing my pride in our management and staff for their commitment to bringing us today s performance, and my gratitude to you, our shareholders, for your unwavering support. I hope that you will notice our continuing improvement. Furthermore, I believe our enterprise will move ahead to a promising future and deliver a superior long-term shareholders 
By Order of the Board of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd.

Hong Kong, 29 March 2011 
