Chairman’s Letter
In 2016, China’s economy stepped into a new normal and experienced industrial upgrading. Under the innovationdriven
growth strategy formulated at the beginning of 2016, we recorded a revenue of RMB63.85 billion and a
record-high net profit attributable to owners of the company of RMB2.79 billion.
With our efforts in 2016, we witnessed an accelerating growth momentum and strengthened competitiveness
across all business segments. Our innovation and endeavor are recognised by customers. I will now present to all
shareholders the performance of our business segments:
HOME APPLIANCES
Positioning of the Group’s home appliances unit, which comprises washing machine and water heater business –
Driven by users’ customised demands, we are now leading the industry standards and developing IoTs-based mass
customization.
For the washing machine business, we successfully set a high standard of silence and gentle washing experience
based on our product innovation and reputation building.
Over the past two years, the most common pain point from washing machine users was the noise from washing and
spinning. To minimise that, Haier’s washing machines have undergone several upgrades of the motors by replacing
the belt drive motor with the direct drive motor so as to reduce vibration and reach utmost silence during its course of
operation. Furthermore, our new 6-point balanced vibration absorbing system, which was inspired by the suspension
system of sport cars, offers users extremely quiet washing experience. After identifying and addressing the “pain
points” of users with technological solutions, we have also demonstrated the silence of Haier’s washing machines
through marketing functions such as “towering coins on spinning machines” and “silence competition” since
September 2016, thereby defining an unprecedented standard for silence in consumers’ mind.
With the concept of healthy living, more and more Chinese families realised that sharing washing machine to wash
underwear, coat and clothes might not be the ideal washing solution. In view of this, Haier launched Haier Twins
model, the world’s first washing machine with an innovative dual-drum design that allows clothes to be washed in
two separate drums simultaneously. The launch of this model realised customers’ dream of combining two washing
machines into one and has become the priority for high-end consumers.
All of the examples above are a testament to our ability to constantly obtain, and will continue to obtain more market
share in Chinese washing machine market.
While maintaining our No.1 position in terms of sales volume in the Chinese electronic water heater market, we
strove to develop our gas and new-energy water heater businesses to cater to users’ demand on energy-saving and
environmental protection. Electronic water heaters are the Group’s traditional core products. Our patented “Safe
Care” technology has been commonly used in the Chinese water heater industry. Our water heaters have been
continuously innovated and upgraded to be equipped with new features such as rapid heating-up, energy-saving and
water purification.
In 2016, revenue from gas water heaters increased by more than 40%. The increase was mainly attributable to
the Group’s deep insight in consumers’ pain points and the trust from users with industry leading science and
technology practitioners. The Group cooperated with Honeywell and Tsinghua University and jointly developed a
CO gas monitoring and warning system. By collaborating University of Science and Technology of China, the Group
developed a technology for CO emission reduction, which was granted the Scientific and Technological Progress
Award by the China National Light Industry Council. This technology addressed consumers’ concerns about emission
safety of gas water heaters. The Group has gone further to work together with China Academy of Space Technology
(the “CAST”), and apply the advanced technology of aerospace power to develop a highly efficient and energy-saving
combustion system.
During the period of National 13th Five-Year Plan, the plan for solar-thermal industry was changed with its
development focus shifting from non-connected home appliances to the utilisation of large-scale systems integrating
multiple forms of energy. To cater to the solar industry trend, the Group’s solar water heater business is positioned
as a solar energy service provider with the capabilities of system design, manufacturing and installation to undertake
large-scale solar thermal project.
CHANNEL SERVICES BUSINESS
Positioning of the channel services business – firstly, through technology enabled channel management, we
supported franchisees in realising the “fast-in-fast-out” business model. Secondly, we eliminated the partitions among
the channels and realigned different channels to create end-to-end experience to increase user loyalty and interaction
amongst them.
A vast majority of the Group’s distribution business is operated under the “Haier” brand name. This business segment
conducts online distribution business, which includes the sales of Haier products through B-to-C e-commerce
platforms such as Tmall and JD.com and online sales of Haier products through Haier’s official website. Apart from
online sales, it also conducts offline B-to-B business such as electrical appliance flagship stores and franchise stores.
Since the first half of 2016, we have formulated a plan to unify Haier’s distribution business channels, re-structured
the channel management team by coordinating product managers and channel managers, and addressed the issues
arising from product assortment and pricing in different channels, which contributed to the increase in efficiency of
supply chain management and profitability of channel partners. Having streamlined the channel, both of Haier’s online
and offline distribution businesses recorded a rapid growth. In 2016, sales from Haier’s online distribution business
for the third and fourth quarters increased by more than 50% and 60% period-on-period, respectively, while the
sales from offline distribution business for the third and fourth quarters increased by double digits period-on-period,
respectively. This sales performance was achieved along with the optimisation of inventory of our distributors. During
2016, inventory turnover speed of Haier’s franchisees doubled.
Leveraging our logistics system and distribution system across the third and fourth tier cities and rural areas in China,
we provided our distributors with “fast-in-fast-out” channel management services, including product planning, order
management, marketing and promotion, sales and support, membership management, rebate management and
transaction settlement. In 2016, capitalising on the Jushanghui (巨商匯) management platform developed by Haier
Group, the entire ordering process of our franchisees can now be 100% managed online. Franchisees can place
orders and obtain product and marketing resources through the Jushanghui platform. All of their needs can be
submitted and fulfilled through the management platform. With its transparent and real-time interactive operational
model, management efficiency and satisfactory level of our franchisees have been substantially enhanced. In 2016,
the average number of franchisees trading through the Jushanghui platform reached 17,000 per day, and the number
of users visiting the platform reached 7.41 million per month.
In the mobile internet era, sales from physical stores of the franchisees experiences certain challenges. As more
and more customers opt for searching, comparing price and trading online, there has been a reduced number of
customers visiting physical stores. Along with the capital expenditure incurred for opening up a store, our franchisees’
businesses are now under unignorable challenge. I believe the solution to this issue is to accelerate the transformation
of the operational model of the franchise stores, increase investment in mobile technology, give full support to the
distributors for obtaining user resources across all channels, and create, on an ongoing basis, a highly efficient
channel for exchange of user experiences and values.
Our self-developed mobile App “Shunguang” (順逛) for channel management system was widely applied in 2016.
Shunguang connects the online and offline product databases and enables every single store to sell products that
are not kept in the store but within the whole network of distribution warehouses. Shunguang encourages individuals
to run their own online shops round-the-clock and turn all of their friends to be sales partners. Shunguang is also
a transparent management platform connecting consumers, micro-enterprise owners and partners, and enables
consumers to participate in product customisation and interaction. Shunguang amassed 350,000 micro-enterprise
owners to date and achieved a trading amount of RMB1.12 billion in 2016.
LOGISTICS BUSINESS
Positioning of Gooday Logistics – we aimed to develop it into a full scale logistics services provider for largeformat
item, covering full range of products (such as home appliances, sanitary equipment, fitness equipment and
riding tools), all kinds of services (such as “front-end first-mile” pick-up, truck-loading, transportation, warehousing,
installation, repair and “last mile” interaction), and multi-channels (such as online and offline).
The domestic large-format item logistics market has enormous potential but is highly fragmented and pending to
be further consolidated. The end-to-end logistics solutions for large-format items provided by Gooday Logistics
is dedicated to advance users’ experience. It represents a feasible integration model for the industry in the future.
Since the commencement of cooperation with the e-commerce platform, the fulfillment network covered by
Gooday Logistics has been further penetrated, which has also led to a decrease in costs. Along with the continuous
enhancement of consumer experience and an increasing proportion of round-the-clock orders, Gooday Logistics has
become a national-leading brand in terms of logistics of home appliances and other large-format items.
Gooday Logistics has established a 3-tier cloud-based warehouse network based on our 6,000 service spots, we
now cover 2,915 districts and counties (from villages to households). It is the only fulfillment network capable of
realising extensive coverage in the large-format item logistics industry. Through the cooperation with Tmall platform
under Alibaba, Gooday Logistics’ “last mile” delivery capacity has been further enhanced. Comparing with year 2014,
the first year we started collaboration with Alibaba, Gooday Logistics’s dispatched 910,000 orders in the 11.11
Shopping Carnival of 2016, which is 2.5 times as compared to 2014. The number of orders delivered on the same
day reached 220,000, which is 3.6 times as compared to 2014.
Benefiting from its extensive network, Gooday Logistics is able to design flexible and customised end-to-end
supply chain solutions for merchants of large-format items. For example, we designed an end-to-end solution for
a domestic leading fitness equipment enterprise to provide pick-up, warehousing, regional delivery and “last mile”
delivery services. Due to our centralised inventory management, optimised delivery routes, assisted manufacturers in
inventory improvement, lowered delivery costs and improved consumer experience, Gooday Logistics generated a
healthy gross profit.
In 2017, our strategies on marketing, customer development, investment, and human resources will hinge on the
following:
1. Focus on young consumers, and develop customer-centric product strategy. We will incorporate all resources
available and talents into the Group’s innovative product development system, so as to lead and define the
industry standards for home appliances and experience and continue to outpace industry’s growth.
2. Through integrated channel management, our products will be delivered in the most efficient manner to
customers in need. We will establish an interconnected online and offline operations and accomplish channel
optimization through unified and synergistic channel management. The goal of this is to further facilitate user
interaction and strengthen brand loyalty.
We will constantly improve the Shunguang platform by utilising information technology, in order to integrate
our merchandising and inventory management, and support the back-end management of franchise stores.
We will support our franchise stores by making use of the Jushanghui platform to enhance their operation and
management efficiency of the distribution business.
3. To build upon the increasing demand from both online and offline for large-format item logistics, we will build
the largest nation-wide end-to-end large-format item logistics network with the most extensive coverage and
deepest penetration, and make every endeavour to increase our capability in providing supply chain logistics
solution so as to improve the efficiency of merchants’ supply chain and provide the best consumer experience.
OUTLOOK
Looking into 2017, I remain optimistic about the prospects of the white goods, distribution and logistics businesses.
The domestic consumption market will continue to grow and upgrade. According to the national statistics, nominal
and real wage per capita in China grew by 8.4% and 6.3%, respectively, over the past year. Meanwhile, real estate
prices in many first and second tier cities in China increased by more than 5 times in the past 10 years, while the
consumption amount on home appliances per capita did not record any significant increase. This is expected to be
changed because on the demand-side, Chinese consumers’ consumption power and willingness to spend on highquality
and smart home appliances are increasing, and on the supply side, there has been an increasing supply
of high quality products and well-designed home appliances products sold in China that match or even exceed
developed countries’ standards. Further, the acceleration of urban-rural integration narrowed the gap between rural
and urban area in terms of consumption preferences, with a growing number of rational consumers who prefer
higher-quality and branded products.
The positioning of Haier’s products is to take advantages of international-leading technology and produce home
appliances that exceed customers’ expectation. In 2017, our growth would outpace that of the industry’s based on
our focus on details valued by our customers and our leading position within the industry.
Though the Chinese economic growth is transitioning into a normal rate, the quality growth will bring the industry
new opportunities for transformational upgrade. Rules in China have become more transparent and fair, which has
created a better business environment for enterprises that pursue industrial upgrading. With the strict implementation
of environmental regulations since 2016, enterprises that failed to meet the standards would drop out. Under the new
Advertisement Law, false or exaggerated promotion would be strictly prohibited. The implementation of road traffic
management by the Ministry of Transportation would strictly prohibit overloading or over-height vehicles from using
highway, and so it would facilitate logistics enterprises to compete fairly. As a brand enterprise that has been strictly
adhering to regulations, Haier will be a key beneficiary from the industry upgrading.
Haier is a reputable enterprise with three decades of history. In spite of fluctuations of the economic cycle, the
Company has grown to be the world’s top white goods company. We have stuck to a few business principles
over the years. First, as a consumer goods manufacturer, our fate is tied with consumers closely. As quality of our
products is defined by users, we therefore designed washing machines that are noise-free and cloth-friendly. The
reputation of our logistics and distribution services are also based on users’ comments, which we have adopted as
the major performance indicator in evaluating the logistics department.
Second, we continue to innovate. Due to the intense competition in China’s household appliance industry, we must
differentiate ourselves and must not be trapped into any price wars that are commonly seen. Further, we must not
follow our competitors’ footsteps or engage in competition on homogenous products. Our persistence in innovation
is attributable to two spirits. One is self-doubting, meaning that we dare to falsify our business practice that proved
to be successful in the past. The second is having an open-mind to collaboration. Our product innovation platform,
hope.haier.com, is open to the world, which has established a resource network comprising more than 2 million
parties, of which more than 100,000 have already registered on the platform. Through this platform, more than 500
innovative ideas have been generated through communication and interaction every month, and more than 200
innovative items are incubated every year.
Third, we uphold the culture that aligns the interests of the Company and its employees mode and maintain the
vitality of the organization. First of all, Haier abandoned the traditional hierarchy whereby employees are promoted
based on their seniority and salaries are tied to positions held. In our mind, if one fails to create user value, he/she
deserves low-level of compensation from the Company regardless of his seniority. In Haier, the value of employees
who establish entrepreneurship internally can be fully recognised. In our organisation, employees who operate a
micro-enterprise are no longer passive employees who receive orders, instead, they are entrepreneurs and partners
who can mobilise internal resources of the Company for their own use, such as financial resources supports and
administrative services. Lastly, we made a breakthrough with regard to the conventional remuneration framework.
In Haier, incentives for employees are not limited to basic salary but are completely linked to the value they created.
There is no limitation for middle-level management to receive equity interests of the Company. With the above
initiatives, the culture that aligns the interests of the Company and its employees will be continually reinforced.
Our upholding of the above-mentioned principles will be crucial for us to balance between long-term development
goal and short-term operations, to meet high-level operating standards and to establish a fair assessment system. In
2017 we will continue to stick to the principles, and only by doing so can we continue to succeed and create value
for our shareholders.
