Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2006 wm>rhVW gPlQS NmQtt1X 
Significant steps have been taken in 2006 in transforming Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) into a major white goods player. Apart from completing the disposal of the mobile handset business to its parent company, the Haier Group, for a total consideration of approximately HK$420 million in June 2006, the Company has also acquired from the Haier Group the front loading washing machine and water heater businesses (the Injected Businesses ), which are the leading players in their respective markets in the PRC, for a consideration of HK$900 million in December 2006 (the Asset Injection ), thereby exiting from non-white goods business and concentrating on broadening the revenue base of the sale of white goods. The Group has endeavoured to implement a series of measures to rationalize the cost structure and fine-tune its business model in order to continuously enhance the operational efficiency of this sizeable business platform.

Given the Injected Businesses continue to be controlled by the Haier Group before and after the Asset Injection (through its majority shareholding in the Company), the combined financial statements of the Group for the year have been prepared using merger accounting under a basis as if the Asset Injection has been completed at the earliest date presented. Accordingly, the contribution from the Injected Businesses for the full year of 2006 has been reflected in the Group s combined financial statements for the year and all comparative figures have been restated to incorporate the financial results of the Injected Businesses. The analysis that follows is therefore based on the combined results of the existing top loading washing machine business and the Injected Businesses for the full year of 2006 and comparative figures restated on such basis.

Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2006 wm>rhVW gPlQS NmQtt1X The Group achieved impressive results in 2006, boosted by improvement in operational efficiency and margins and the success in its sales and marketing strategies. Turnover from continuing operations in 2006 amounted to HK$6,902 million, representing an increase of approximately 24.6% from HK$5,541 million in 2005.
The Group continues to maintain leading positions in the washing machine and water heater markets in the PRC, with respective market share of approximately 31.3% and 20.4% in 2006 according to China Market Monitor (a market research company based in the PRC). Gross profit margin improved from 22.7% in 2005 to 26.7% in 2006 as a result of our launch of innovative high value added products, the stabilization of raw material costs after a period of rapid cost increase in 2004 and 2005, the ability of the Group to regain pricing power in the market and improvement in operational efficiency. After deducting non-recurring restructuring expenses of approximately HK$25 million in 2006 (which was included in administrative expenses in the combined income statement below) in connection with the Asset Injection, EBITDA and operating profit increased by a more modest 11.7% and 16.4%, reaching HK$298 million and HK$218 million in 2006, respectively. Profit from continuing operations (i.e. the washing machine and water heater businesses) amounted to HK$184 million in 2006, representing a 21.2% increase from the previous year. Taking further into account the net profit from the discontinued mobile handset operation of HK$103 million (which mainly arose from the gain on disposal of this business), profit attributable to shareholders amounted to HK$262 million in 2006, against a loss of HK$364 million in 2005 (which loss was mainly due to the loss from the discontinued mobile handset operation of HK$479 million).

With the continuous support of the Haier Group and capitalising on its branding power, the Group will strive to enhance the performance of its existing businesses. In addition, since the completion of the Asset Injection, the Group has made very effort to ensure a smooth integration of all its businesses in order to maximize operational efficiency and achieve organic growth. The board (the Board ) of the directors (the Directors ) of the Company is confident that the Group s businesses will fully realize synergies in the near future, thereby strengthening our leading position in the market place.
Looking forward, in order to create value to our shareholders and accomplish the globalisation strategy of the Haier Group, the Group is also actively exploring new growth opportunities in overseas markets so as to globalise our business platform and open up another area of growth for the Group. In addition, the Group will continue to explore further asset injection opportunities from the Haier Group to broaden the scope of its white goods businesses and will inform our shareholders if and when such opportunities 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank all my fellow directors and staff for their dedicated services and contributions, as well as our shareholders for their continuing support during the year.
By Order of the Board of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd.

Hong Kong, 23 April 2007 