CHAIRMAN S LETTER 
Fiscal year 2011 was a year of significant milestones in Haier Electronics history. We achieved record financial results, greatly promoted the development of our three major businesses, accomplished a series of key investments and acquisitions, and also introduced a strategic investor for enhancing our corporate governance, laying a solid foundation for future development.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACHIEVEMENT Thanks to the outstanding performance of the integrated channel services and water heater businesses, as well as the healthy growth of the washing machine business, our revenue as reported were RMB49.9 billion in 2011, representing an increase of 35.6%, while profit before tax were RMB1.85 billion. Profit attributable to owners of the Company reached RMB1.406 billion, an increase of 44.3%. Diluted earnings per share was RMB55.44 cents, up 34.9%.

2. SIGNIFICANT ACHIEVEMENT (Cont d) In terms of single brand s sales volume, our washing machines continued to rank first in the world. Our water heaters also maintained its leading position in the domestic market. The washing machine and water heater businesses have built a full penetrative portfolio of brands: Casarte, Haier and Leader, and continually increased the market share of high-end products. Our Haier Exclusive sales points covered 2,169 counties, representing close to 100% coverage. The Goodaymart channel serving diversified brands has also established broad sales networks in China, including 16 Goodaymart joint venture companies.
We completed a series of strategic acquisitions in 2011 so as to complement the necessary strategic assets, as well as enrich our integrated channel services business. With the acquisition of after-sale service network from the Haier Group, we own a nationwide home appliance services network which facilitate the expansion of our 3rd party after-sale service business and strengthening the key competitive edge of the integrated channel services business. The e-store platform purchased from the Haier Group enabled the Company to have an online sales channel specifically for the Haier brand.
Through a combination of the distributing, logistics and services networks, the e-store platform would also increasingly attract online customers and provide a better experience by integrating virtual and physical experience. In October 2011, we announced the establishment of a joint venture company with Home Retail Group (UK) Limited to develop a general merchandise multi-channel retailing business that utilizing online, catalog and telephone channels, as a strategic investment to enhance our competitiveness in the era of the 
In 2011, we entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with the Carlyle Group and issued convertible bonds amount of HK$1.067 billion (approximately RMB874 million), leveraging on the experience of our strategic investor to further develop our integrated channel services business. As the Chairman of the Company, I am well aware that the strategic development of the integrated channel services business is of paramount importance for the Group. We would like to keep an open mind and invite strategic partners and talents to join this new venture. We believe that the global vision and advanced shareholder value management practices of the Carlyle Group will bring great benefits to us.

2. SIGNIFICANT ACHIEVEMENT (Cont d) On the board level, we have appointed an external non- executive director, optimizing the structure of our board. I hope the Group is able to build a more diverse, efficient and open-minded board in the coming years. We ll strengthen the interaction between the board and the operations management, which will enable the board to concentrate on compliance as well as forward looking strategies, in light of the increasingly challenging business environment and changing market dynamics.
We have introduced a self-driven working culture by aligning the interests of the Company and our employees, so as to create a win-win situation. Vertically, we have simplified the multilayered organization structure, while horizontally, we have coordinated our business and supporting units into one goal-orientated team. By doing so, we created numerous first- rate operational models and induced a useful motivational effect. Under the pioneering self- management model, our employees become their own CEO, allowing us to be more directly involved with the market and customers, effectively supporting the Company for further innovations.
3. NEW TRENDS I think it is helpful to look back to our strategic moves we had made in the past few years. The strategies and relevant investments that we undertook in 2010 and 2011 were driven by our belief that the following trends would continue to affect both Haier Electronics and other industry players: " The competitive environment of the home appliance market in China will change from price war to customer 
Having been in the Chinese home appliance market for 20 years, the most common form of competition is a price war, which includes producing products solely for the pricing advantage, or implementing excessive rebate policies to distributors etc. The purpose of price wars is to gain market share, rather than creating customer value through product innovation. However, experience reminds us that although price wars would elevate profitability of a single quarter, or even one to two years, product innovation is the key to long-term success. Taking washing machine products as an example, we experienced a short-term market share decline in the first half of last year. However, at the end of last year, we introduced a series of innovative Cloud Power products, which realized water energy savings 56% higher than the A-level qualified top- loading wash machines. We also launched the world s first SD core inverter technology , which combined three advantages of radiation prevention, ultra silent and high washing efficiency. In the past few months, our market share in the washing machine business has even reached a higher level as compared with the beginning of this year.

3. NEW TRENDS (Cont d) " In the vast 3rd and 4th tier markets, the distribution of home appliances will evolve from an agency model to a solution-driven service model.
Different from large cities in China, the distribution structure in the 3rd and 4th tier markets is highly fragmented. The coverage rates of large-scaled retail chains in counties, towns and villages in China are relatively low. Several home appliance brands have established its own channels in counties and towns, but the variety of products are limited. Residents in counties and towns mostly purchase home appliances which are trickled down from the provincial, city and county levels, as well as village wholesale agents. The city and county level agents usually undertake the logistics and capital platform functions for town and village level 
It is expected that the home appliance distribution channels in the 3rd and 4th tier markets will face more pressure for the improvement of efficiency and consolidation subsequent to the fade out of the Rural Area Subsidized Electrical Appliances Purchase policy, of which we believe logistics and distribution are the key elements. An integrated logistics platform driven by the just-in-time model will allow our retail partners to keep less inventory and reduce delivery costs, so that retailers can enjoy lower procurement cost and end customers would be benefitted accordingly.
" We see the inevitable integration of physical home appliance stores and virtual channels.
In recent years, e-commerce has brought impacts to conventional home appliance stores. In my opinion, online sales will develop swiftly in the foreseeable future, however physical stores will still be the primary way for customers to purchase home appliances. Online channels cannot fully solve customer experience problems arising from delivery, installation and service, therefore the most affected products are those standardized lower price appliances. Moreover, physical stores and points-of-sales must adjust its retail model to respond to the growing trend of the Internet, which means they need to extend into the online world to enable customers to strengthen their shopping experience in order to realize the integration of the virtual and physical networks. The competitive strength of online store are pricing and convenience. If there is a channel that can combine the good customer experience at physical stores with the efficiency and convenience of e-commerce, such a channel will take 
4. STRATEGIES IN 2012 What about 2012? How will the home appliances industry in China be developed subsequent to the end of the Rural Area Subsidized Electrical Appliances Purchase policy? What is the implication from decreased growth estimate of the Chinese economy and the continued control measures on real estate? There are three points I would like to make: firstly, the consumption of Chinese home appliance and household products is affected by the real estate market only on a short-term basis. On a medium to long term basis, product replacement and new purchase demands in the 3rd and 4th tier markets has vast potential. Secondly, the future growth of brown goods, digital products, kitchen appliances and small appliances will be considerable. Thirdly, although there is market volatility in the short-term, we have planned our strategic focus ahead to deal with it effectively.
In a tightening economic environment, home appliance distributors are going to care more about sustainable long- term relationships, shy away from short-term practices such as stockpiling and dumping, and be more focused on cash flow.
This is more compatible with our customer-oriented and just- in-time service models. Besides, when you look at our integrated channel services business, including the logistics, after-sale and online store businesses, many areas of our service business are countercyclical and can mitigate the effects of adverse economic conditions. The investment in these service businesses will enable us to maintain the 
I must admit however, that although the integrated channel services business generated good results in last year, there is still room for improvement. For example, the customized and added-value service solutions for the Haier brand channels is not sufficient, the cooperation between our distribution arm and 3rd party branded suppliers have yet to achieve the ideal level, and the synergies from joint venture companies have not been fully realized etc, which indicated that our relevant transformation mechanisms and measures have not kept pace with the development of the new business.

4. STRATEGIES IN 2012 (Cont d) In 2012, we have four main themes as follows: " Accelerate our growth For the washing machine and water heater businesses, we will focus on developing our high-end brand, Casarte, and our customized brand, Leader. Casarte strives to provide an elegant and exquisite life style. It advocates the philosophy of creative home appliances, elegant life style targeting high-end users. A newly introduced brand in 2011, Leader, adheres to the design philosophy of practicality in combination with modular customization, and is distributed with the support from the online sales channel. The multi-brand strategy enables our washing machine and water heater businesses to efficiently cover the popular price segment while maximizing revenue, as well as occupy the high- end market and stimulate high-end demand, and finally provide cost-effective products to capture low-end 
The integrated channel services segment is the main growth driver of our business in the future. The key point for this year is to improve operational efficiency of franchise stores, enrich procurement brands and consolidate logistics distribution. We will introduce more scientific, standardized store management measures, train franchise store owners and employees in the 3rd and 4th tier markets, make efforts to increase the productivity of each store s selling space and enhance the customer s shopping experience. We will substantially expand and introduce main brands which are popular in the 3rd and 4th tier markets to most of the Goodaymart stores, so as to attract more retailers to join in the Goodaymart network. We will consolidate the logistics distribution networks of the Haier brand and 3rd party brands in the 3rd and 4th tier markets, and develop logistics distribution points directly to the town level at selected experimental region.

4. STRATEGIES IN 2012 (Cont d) 
We are simultaneously managing two types of business, the relatively mature white goods manufacturing and sales business, and the emerging integrated channel services business. For the white goods business, we will continue to strengthen product and service innovation.
On one hand, we will make use of worldwide R&D resources including the cooperation with international partner, such as Fisher & Paykel and the Haier Group s newly acquired Sanyo white goods team, to design personalized products which have advanced functions and can fulfill the needs of local customers. On the other hand, we will improve customers purchasing experience and build high loyalty relationships with customers, through exploring online sales channels, creating personalized designs, as well as providing overall home-living solutions in conjunction with the 
Unlike product innovation, our current development of the integrated channel services business is a strategic innovation, which requires us to enter into new markets, mastering new customer relationships and develop a new profit model. Such strategic innovation, needs distinct ways of management, and requires a continued entrepreneurial mindset while utilizing the existing resources. It is a new winning formula and we must be open-minded with a positive attitude to learn and 
4. STRATEGIES IN 2012 (Cont d) " Strengthen integration and partnering Since 2010, we have made acquisitions of strategic assets relating to logistics and services from the parent company, invested and established 16 joint venture enterprises specializing in the 3rd party business, as well as entered into the multi-channel merchandising business. For us, the announcement of the joint ventures and strategic alliances is only the first step.
Shareholder value will only be created after the full utilization of each others resources and completion of the established strategies after the transactions.
Therefore, the key focus in 2012 is to strengthen the integration management of the new acquisitions and joint venture companies, closely evaluate the joint venture units performance and the status of the business plan s achievement, actively mitigate organizational and personnel risks during the process of integration, so as to realize synergies.
It is expected that we will recruit professional talents with experience in mergers and acquisitions or strategic alliances management, and strengthen the overall governance capabilities in the postdeal integration, aiming to achieve the desired strategic objectives of the integrated channel services business.
" Aligning the interests of the Company and its employees to create a win-win management culture.
Big enterprises are prone to developing a low-efficiency and bureaucratic culture numerous rigid policy rules, fussy approval processes, multilayered hierarchy, and top-down decision mechanism. Our ideal management model is for employees to become their own CEO.
Instead of their supervisor, the market and customers are their boss, to have their own personal commitment and performance report (similar to the Company s profit and loss statement). Employees should be empowered, to utilize related internal resources and support personnel, collectively make the Company accomplish its strategic goals while at the same time achieve his own objectives, and thereafter share the created value to the largest extent possible. I hope that by creating a culture that aligns the interests of the Company and its employees, we will be able to greatly lower our costs of management, so that our organization becomes self- driven and self-motivated, realizing an ever-green 
2012 signals the end of the Rural Area Subsidized Electrical Appliances Purchase policy. The growth of the macro economy will show a greater uncertainty as compared with 2011. However, I believe that our business model and operational structure will be beneficial for us to better grasp the strategic opportunities. With cash reserves of nearly RMB4 billion, our investment in core and strategic assets can be 
During the past several years, we have put tremendous efforts into developing the integrated channel services business in the domestic market, which has become the major source of revenue as well as a significant profit contributor for the Company. However, when I envisage how to develop and improve this business, which is different from our home appliance manufacturing and sales business in the past, we understand that we are still learning continuously. There is still some way to go in terms of fully transforming our resources advantage into a competitive edge. What we can foresee is that 2012 will be a challenge in our strategic execution capabilities, requiring us to innovatively develop our cooperation with branded supplies, retailer partners, transportation fleet owners and consumers in order to build long-term cooperative relationships step by step.
Please be assured that my team and I are passionate, and are fully committed to capturing the growth opportunities of the distribution channels in the 3rd and 4th tier markets. I also firmly believe that our entrepreneurial mindset and unwavering commitment to consumer interests will enable us to effectively seize the strategic opportunities in 2012, taking the Company to the next phase of innovation. Looking in hindsight at the many years of development of the Company, as long as we continue to place customer satisfaction as the top priority, design products which can change and improve people s quality of life, establish a service system which can generate a good customer experience, the Company will be able to create and share value.
We would like to express our deepest gratitude to all our shareholders. It is your continued support that enables us to jointly develop this business and create value.

