CHAIRMAN S LETTER 
I. ACHIEVEMENTS OF 2012 We saw in year 2012 that, despite downturn of overall home appliances market, the company persisted in customer value creation and delivered another record performance: " Our revenue as reported was RMB55.615 billion in 2012, representing an increase of 11.0%, while profit before tax was RMB2.244 billion. In 2012, profit attributable to owners of the Company reached RMB1.695 billion, representing an increase of 20.4%. Diluted earnings per share was RMB66.18 cents, up by 
" In terms of single brand s sales volume, Haier washing machines continued to rank first in the world for the fourth consecutive year, and the global market share was enlarged to 11.8%, representing an increase of 0.9% as compared to 10.9% last year. Haier water heaters accounted for 19.9% of the domestic market share, and continued to rank first in the domestic market.

I. ACHIEVEMENTS OF 2012 (Continued) " Our capabilities to serve customers have been further enhanced.
The coverage of our Haier brand store channel and Goodaymart channel was further expanded, with more than 8,500 sales points at county level in aggregate. In 2012, we achieved 24-hour delivery in 1,500 counties nationwide, and our direct-delivery-to- town fulfillment capability was extended to cover 30% of town level sales points nationwide. With rapid development of online sales, at the TMALL.COM November 11th Shopping Festival ()Y ASNir{), the sales value in our Haier Flagship Store at TMALL.COM was more than RMB70 million, making us champion for both sales value and user recognition under the home appliance category.

I. ACHIEVEMENTS OF 2012 (Continued) The accomplishment in 2012 was derived from our relentless focus on superior customer value creation during the entire shopping journey.
We implemented the following strategies: " Through an open research and development platform tailored to personalized customer demand, we have designed such creative and technologically-advanced products as Crystal series washing machines, which redefined market space and enabled our washing machine business to obtain further market share and lead the industry trends. We implemented the multi-brand strategy with three brands: Casarte , Haier and Leader to serve under-developed segments and help growing our market 
" We focus on superior customer experience such as product customization, on-time delivery, delivery with installation services, as well as ongoing after-sales services. We invested in the end- to-end capabilities combining sales, logistics and after-sales services in order to support the last mile strategy. Such move has significantly expanded the scale effect and expansibility of the integrated channel services business segment.
II. TRENDS ANALYSIS I shared with our shareholders the following three trends in the Annual Report of last year: " The competition dynamic of the home appliance market will transform from price war into customer value creation " For home appliance distribution in 3rd and 4th tier markets, the multi-layer agency model of trickling down from the city, county to town levels will change " The Internet has brought impacts on conventional home appliance channels; we see the inevitable integration of virtual and physical networks We have seen all these three trends being confirmed in 2012, and they will continue to have a significant influence on the industry in 2013. The evolution of the home appliance market, retail industry and distribution business in China will accelerate, and the home appliance brands will have to adapt themselves to this trend. I want to discuss these trends 
II. TRENDS ANALYSIS (Continued) The customers will be more brand-conscious, and the home appliance industry will be more consolidated. With the rising consumption power and importance of word of mouth, the branding of home appliance becomes more appealing to consumers, and the market share of famous brands will increase further. However, this does not imply that we will gain market share easily as the competition among major brands will remain fierce. As customers are becoming more demanding and increasingly require personalized products and services, the winning formula of brands is to innovate products that exceed the customers expectations.
The on-line penetration of home appliances purchasing will increase especially large home appliances. China s number of internet users ranks first in the world, and the online penetration is ever increasing. The online users of inland provinces such as Henan and Yunnan are also growing at a fast pace. On the other hand, the variety of choices, high transparency of prices and relatively low prices offered by online and mobile phone shopping channels have attracted a large number of internet users to turn to purchasing home appliances on the internet from physical stores. In the past, the online sales of large home appliances were suppressed by bottleneck problems such as high logistic costs, complaints on delayed delivery and installation, and inability to handle large shipments at lower cost. However, it is expected that in the foreseeable future, the consolidation of third party logistic services industry in China will accelerate and the logistics and distribution services will be further enhanced. Consequently, the operating environment will improve and the proportion of online purchasing of large home appliances will increase.
User experience from multi-channels and entire shopping journey will influence brand competition of home appliance producers. In the era of internet and mobile communication, consumers can search products online and order them in physical stores, or they can also touch and feel in physical stores and order online. It is inevitable for the brands to manage online channels, outside retail chains and channels of own distributors at the same time, so that consumers can enjoy the seamless shopping experience.

II. TRENDS ANALYSIS (Continued) For direct selling channels, brand producers need to clearly understand consumers interest at different stages of the shopping process, such as when they show shopping interests, consider selection of goods, choose shopping channels, compare orders, accept delivery, installation and after-sale services. They also need to enhance capabilities of rendering customers specific services and personalized solutions, and to manage well customers experience on the whole shopping process. The internet channel allows consumers to make online comments based on their own user experience, which may have an impact on other channels because of transparency and trust. This means that the brands will face significant losses if they fail to preserve their brands in online channels. The distributor channel will continue to be the key channel for most of the brand producers for a long time. In addition to high-quality products, the brands are required to provide more added values, such as reducing the costs of distributors supply chain, advancing store operation management and assisting distributors to implement e-commerce strategy. This helps to create a sustainable co-inherent interest body between brand producer and 
The current distribution and retail model of home appliance products is evolving, and I expect to see two general phenomena: Less Big Stores ('Y) and Larger Small Stores (>e'Y) .
Through effective layout and plentiful exhibitions, physical stores provide a pleasant shopping environment and stimulate consumption.
The large physical stores in good locations used to be assets, but now the huge legacy of physical stores will be a disadvantage due to growing rental costs and increasing labor costs. As a result, the number of large stores in the 1st and 2nd tier cities will decrease. As to physical stores in rural areas, they would provide more variety of products and create better fulfillment experience to consumers with the support of online display and the integration of regional warehouses and logistics networks.

III. STRATEGIC FOCUS FOR 2013 After significant development and integration of our businesses in 2012, the Company has further identified its strategic initiatives for 2013. I would like to highlight four actions below: 1. Our just-in-time operating model has the effect of increasing market shares of the washing machine and water heater businesses thereby fostering our industry leadership. The customers purchasing decision depends on brand and product features. This drives us to introduce global suppliers and research and development resources with an open mind, continuously launch trend-defining and innovative products by leveraging our large scale modular production facilities, and create differentiated user experience through our vertically integrated operation model, which combines consumer demand interaction, research and development, production, distribution and after-sale services. In terms of brand and channel strategy, we will continue to tap into new markets using multi-brand strategy and promote product customization to increase sales through emerging channels such as the Internet.
2. To improve the operating efficiency of channels and deeply exploit the value of the existing two self-developed channels.
Firstly, we will improve store operation efficiency from Haier Exclusive Stores and Community Stores, then Goodaymart Stores. Aiming at creating the superior user experience and improving the operating profitability of franchise stores, we will promote installation of E-store system and the adoption of delicacy management for stores. Secondly, we will promote the direct-delivery-to-town model nationwide. Such model allows us to reduce distribution layers through directly distributing and delivering goods from regional distribution center to town level retail shops, and has been well-developed in Shandong province.
Thirdly, we establish distribution and storage center in county level that can serve our county level distributors, and helps to lower their inventory and transportation costs.

III. STRATEGIC FOCUS FOR 2013 (Continued) 3. To develop vertically-integrated distribution service capabilities, increase the sales of third-party brands and expand into more appliance categories. For brand introduction development, we will emphasize on developing nationwide Turn-Key brand services business, deepen the cooperation relationship with suppliers and increase our profitability. As to product categories, we will stretch the development of high-potential area, such as small home electric appliances and lifestyle consumer electronic products, and penetrate our businesses into communication and household products through alliance and joint venture means.
4. To emphasize on developing end-to-end large items distribution capability and develop our logistics business as an open platform for third parties. From long-term perspective, the last mile logistics capability that can provide direct-delivery and installation services to customers in towns is a key competitiveness for developing channel business. Such capability is also a crucial element for customers experience in selling large items. In 2013, we will develop our end-to-end distribution capability for other types of large item products such as furniture and continue to strengthen distribution capability of home appliances.
5. To reinvent management model and provide organizational support for growth. We have almost 20,000 employees, our businesses spread all over the world and penetrate into villages and towns. The core theme of organizational revolution in the future is to maintain the entrepreneurial vitality of all staff and provide a development platform to frontline staff. We will aim to abolish the existing rigid hierarchy of positions and position- based remuneration system, and establish our organization as a self-driven co-inherent interest body . It implies that the frontline staff in an organization serving customers may work closely with internal product development team and external distributors so as to integrate internal and external resources, create and share value. Such an organization has no boundary with market, and has the strongest vitality.

Looking forward to future, the Chinese companies competitive strength of low-cost manufacturing will continue to be impacted by domestic production costs increase and the technological innovation. In addition, the traditional retailing model and marketing model will be under more challenges from the Internet, and the Internet retailing will return customers the power over the brands. We always remind our management team that the past success was merely a consequence of luckily catching up with the pace of the era. An ever winner will soon face fierce challenges or become a force-out. Therefore, in order to sustain our long-term growth, we must weed out the old mindset and think about how to seamlessly follow consumer trend and respond to consumer needs under the two main trends: the era of the Internet and new industrial revolution.
As a large organization, various organizational inertia accumulated would reduce our market competitiveness and affect our market agility, and thereby hinder our capabilities of continuously delivering growth higher than that of our peers. Accordingly, the only way to survive is to keep innovating, including our management innovation and strategic innovation. As our future success is entirely dependent on the strength of our talent pipeline, we will build the Board into a more open, diversified and constructive one and introduce talents with e-commerce and distribution background.
In 2013, the Company will aim to outgrow the industry, accompanying with sustainable profitability objectives and ensuring high-quality customer services. To achieve this, on one hand, we will re-organize our management structure to fuel growth by achieving operating efficiency, as well as empowering managers and frontline employees act like owners of the business. On the other hand, we need to vigorously explore new clients and serve emerging needs through new models. I am very confident about our growth strategies as well as our management team and look forward to witness the sustainable development with all our shareholders in 2013.

