CHAIRMAN S LETTER 
Last year was apparently a fruitful year for Haier Electronics. In 2013, we delivered record financial results and realized record market capitalization, along with higher dividends and increasing earnings per share, drove remarkable value creation for our shareholders.
Looking ahead, we are well aware that the technological advances and internet will reshape the industry landscape rapidly, and if we cannot continue to innovate and create customer delight, our existing competitive edges will elapse quickly. To achieve sustainable quality growth in the future, in year 2014 we will balance our short term earning and longer-term needs, strengthen investment and design growth initiatives with the current cash flow, while our execution capability will be developed and proved during the critical course of transformation.

2. FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS PERFORmANCE In 2013, profit attributable to owners of the Company rose by 20.2% year-on-year to RMB2,037 million. The Group s revenue amounted to RMB62,263 million, representing an increase of 12.0% as compared to last year. Operating profit and cash flows from operations increased by 18.3% and 27.0% respectively, amounting to RMB2,770 million and RMB2,210 million. In the past year, stock price of Haier Electronics rallied again with an increase of 99.7%, leading amongst peers and significantly surpassing Hang 
Regarding the three operating segments, Haier washing machines ranked first in the world in terms of single- brand sales volume for the fifth consecutive year with a global market share of 13.3%. Operating margin of washing machine business grew further to 8.7%. Haier water heaters domestic market share reached 18.3%, maintaining its number one position in China. The Group continuously strengthened its market positions for washing machines and water heaters in the 3rd and 4th-tier markets of China. Apart from traditional category products, sales of newly developed product lines, such as high-end front loading washing machine, gas water heater and heat pump water heater grew rapidly.
Integrated channel service business was the main growth engine for the Company, with segment revenue accounting for 75.6% of the Company s overall gross revenue (before inter-segment elimination) and segment operating profit accounting for 37.9% of the overall operating profit. The sales growth of third-party brand products is a major source of growth of the integrated channel service business. In 2013, we expanded sales of small home appliance with high growth potential, such as water purification equipment. Logistics, installation and after-sales services have also achieved considerable 
2. FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS PERFORmANCE 
In 2013, we made several crucial progresses in forming strategic alliance and acquisitions, and which we expect will build up a solid growth platform for the development of the integrated channel services business. In December 2013, the Group announced its strategic cooperation with Alibaba Group ( Alibaba ). The partnership will leverage the Group s competitive advantages in end-to-end logistic services and Alibaba s e-commerce ecosystem resources, to create industry-leading service standards for the logistics, distribution, installation and services of household appliances and other large items open to the whole society. Under the strategic cooperation, Alibaba invested a total of HK$2,822 million in the Group, of which HK$1,857 million was invested in Goodaymart Logistics, a subsidiary of the Company, and HK$965 million was invested in subscription of equity shares of Haier Electronics. This strategic alliance will significantly accelerate the development of the Company s third-party logistics and supply chain management services.
In addition, the Group acquired Shanghai Boyol New Brothers Logistics Services Company ( Shanghai Boyol ) through controlling interests in Shanghai Boyol in January 2014. Shanghai Boyol is one of the leading last mile logistic service providers for furniture and sanitary ware in China. This acquisition has rapidly strengthened our last mile logistics service capabilities for furniture and 
2. FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS PERFORmANCE 
The Company continued to develop new operation models and launch new product categories. We provided a wider range of distribution and value-added services to existing franchise stores, such as supply chain management and franchise store expansion. The benefit of these services to the Group includes relatively lower customer acquisition cost and strengthened relationship between the company and the franchisee stores. We also introduced new revenue model to new service offerings, in which we charge service fee based on value creation for customers rather than implementing a mere whole sale mode. In addition, we expanded our services to large household items such as furniture, by leveraging our core-capabilities in home appliances industries. This will significantly bring new growth horizon for the Company s 
3. NEW TRENDS Personalized home appliances and Smart Home Solution. In the past few years, competition in home appliance industry has been shifting from pricing war to customer value creation. Customers will not choose product just for competitive pricing. To maintain competitiveness, home appliance producer need to offer quality products that exceed consumers expectation, from all aspects of design, product innovation, features and functional performance. Enterprises have to endeavor to research and development, introducing user-friendly smart appliances that respond to human preference and needs, which create a more comfortable and convenient living environment. To offer superior smart home appliances solutions, brand owners should have profound understanding of consumers expectation on smart life, effectively interact with customers and establish integrated supply chain capabilities.

3. NEW TRENDS (continued) Robust growth for lifestyle appliances. The penetration rate of traditional large home appliances rose significantly in the past few years driven by government subsidies.
However, the penetration of lifestyle appliances remains much lower than that of large home appliances with far less categories than developed countries. After the basic needs for home appliances are satisfied, the increasing consumption power will boost customer needs of home appliances that can optimize their living quality. Moreover, consumers rising concerns towards environmental pollution have triggered the demands for health related small home appliances. In the coming few years, lifestyle appliance is expected to undergo rapid 
mobile internet. In 2013, we see rapid evolution in distribution and retail model of home appliance. The internet s impact on home appliance industry merely emerged five years ago, yet we could expect that it will be a dominant force in the next five years.
Nowadays, consumers not only use PCs but also smart phones to search the prices and function parameters of home appliance. The era of price transparency is coming in real time. Enterprises can no longer influence customer s purchasing decision merely through marketing campaigns and treat consumers as passive audiences.
Furthermore, users can use mobile payment tools to settle the payment without the limitation of location. In the era of mobile internet, we need to address how to make a physical store not just a showroom, but also a place to engage and guide customers to purchase, which means we shall leverage the irreplaceable advantages of physical stores in terms of in-store experience, delivery 
3. NEW TRENDS (continued) The market for large-format products is to be consolidated and the trends of outsourcing to third-party logistics players is emerging. One of the bottlenecks that restrain further growth of large items online sales is lack of high quality logistics service providers who can provide one-stop services. Problems such as delayed delivery, unavailable installation service, poor return procedures and low service standard all affect user experience. Some e-commerce companies may opt to build their in-house delivery networks. However, we believe major e-commerce players will choose to outsource to professional third-party logistics companies who can provide highly efficient end-to-end service, especially companies with national-wide footprint. There shall be increasing consolidation for regional logistics networks for home appliance, thereby creating nationwide third-party logistics service providers.
Higher proportion of online sales for large items such as furniture. When customers purchase personalized large items such as furniture, they usually need touch and feel experiences in physical stores. The decision- making cycle in relation to large items is relatively long.
And the customer s experience during the entire shopping journey, including timely delivery and good installation service are crucial. In the future, the integration of mobile internet and traditional offline model will create more innovative business models. For instance, through O2O integration, customers are able to enjoy the interactions during the whole process, beginning from demand cultivation and product concept to manufacturing, and lastly the purchase, delivery and after-sale service. More importantly, thanks to the application of technology, the entire shopping process could be shortened, the visibility and timeliness during shopping journey could be enhanced and the cost of channel service could be 
4. DEVELOPmENT STRATEGY IN 2014 Washing machine business is still the largest profit contributor for the Company. The major challenges that we face in 2014 will be sluggish export business and the price war in low- end markets. Water heater business would achieve a double digits revenue growth in 2013, if excluding the impact of the business restructure and adjustment. There is ample room for growth in gas water heater, solar water heater and heat pump water heater 
We are committed to growing our washing machine and water heater business with sustainable profitability. There are three areas in which we need to focus on, namely first class product offerings, expansion in right channel with high growth potential and ongoing cost-productivity enhancement. We have developed well-established layout in the 3rd and 4th-tier markets in the past decade, and achieved great operating efficiency leveraging our economy of scale and powerful supply chain platform.
Our strategic focus in 2014 will be optimize the use of our profound insights in smart home appliance, to build an open platform that attracts customers to make interaction, to offer industry-leading products that exceed customer s 
Integrated channel services business will continue to be a major engine of the Group s growth in 2014 and logistics platform, lifestyle appliances and furniture services will be key growth drivers. We will exert all our strength to partner with Alibaba, actively invest in logistics warehouse and last mile delivery, and develop Goodaymart logistics into a leading end-to-end large item logistics service provider in China. We will build up our end-to-end core capabilities with different methods, including exploring joint ventures and strategic alliances. End-to-end core service capabilities include integration of last-mile network, warehousing and inventory management and the third-party logistics information technology management, 
4. DEVELOPmENT STRATEGY IN 2014 (continued) Besides, centering on our smart home strategy, we will establish platforms for new product categories with ample growth potential, including water purifier, furniture and household products, and value-added community services. To achieve breakthrough and development in newly expanded categories, we need to address the 
" Firstly, to focus on business model innovation, integrate our nationwide distribution network with internet technologies and build up a effective O2O model that address customers painpoints. We believe the simple sharing of information between online and offline channels and organizing joint- marketing for the two channels are only the primary O2O model. In the future, O2O model needs to incorporate supply chain management and effectively address customer s whole process needs, including sales forecasts, orders collection, mass customization and inventory management, fast delivery etc.
" Secondly, to reinvent existing processes and transform organizational structure. It is more difficult for a large, well-rooted corporation than a start-up to innovate, because of organizational inertia and existing procedure. We are well aware of that, and we need to make sure that business unit can effectively utilize the group s resources as well as maintain being innovative. In 2014, I will put great emphasis on innovation management, including self-driven co-inherent interest body and afterwards, startup incubation mechanism for entrepreneurs within and outside of the Company, which I believe are the key to take the Company to the next level.

4. DEVELOPmENT STRATEGY IN 2014 (continued) " Thirdly, to design open talent recruitment mechanism and make investment in talents. We will be more open-minded and diversified on the board level and senior management level, and attract more consumer internet professionals and entrepreneurs. They will bring in valuable contribution to offer perspectives of the external landscape and thus conducive to make high- quality strategic decisions.

2014 will be a year with both challenges and opportunities. Looking ahead from macroscopic view, the prospects of home appliance face more headwinds, such as the slowdown of traditional large home appliance, in particular refrigerators, washing machines and air- conditioners, and industry competition is still fierce.
However, I want to point out that, we are embracing tremendous opportunities than we ever had. While the overall industry is experiencing a slower growth, our innovative customization in online channel, integrated omnichannel models will turn out to be competitive. There has been increasing outsourcing of logistic services to reduce the management cost of supply chain. Our open third-party logistics platform, e-commerce business, integrated channel services business for third-party branded products and new categories will all generate promising growth opportunities.

5. PROSPECTS (continued) In 2014, we will make more strategic bets and explore growth option fast and frugally. We endeavor to learn from startup entrepreneurs and draw on their customer- driven innovation methods, and are committed to manage a large company into smaller and innovative units, cultivate a culture that encourages entrepreneurship and challenging conventional mindset. Our nimble and delayered organization structure should allow us to implement our innovation culture of Everyone to be a Maker , and enable business unit become energetic and 
It is my honor to walk together with everyone to where we are now. I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to all shareholders for their continuous trusts and supports.
2014 will be an important year during our transformation.
I m confident that company s most exciting days remain 
