CHAIRMAN S LETTER 
During 2014, the overall home appliance market was weak in China amid slowing macro economy growth and the downturn in the property market. Yet with the impact of popularization of internet, manufacturing and marketing of home appliances and the channel business have evolved accordingly. Haier Electronics has achieved performance which was above the industry under the environment full of challenges and changes. Facing the internet + era, the Group has proactively invested in new business with high growth potential, laying the foundation for our future growth.
1. SOLID PERFORmANCE The Group achieved a new record high revenue of RMB67.134 billion in 2014, representing an increase of 7.8% as compared to last year. Net profit increased by 20.1% to RMB2.447 billion. Diluted earnings per share reached 89.76 cents, up by 14.9% year-on-year. Net operating cash flow was RMB2.903 billion, up 31.4% year-on-year. The Group made great progress in white goods business and integrated channel services business. Gross profit margin and operating profit of each business segment have also been enhanced 
2. HIGHLIGHTS IN OPERATION AND THE DIRECTION 
1. White goods business The positioning of our white good business will take a dual track: for the family, we will pursue a smart home total solution; for the manufacturing base, we will network our factories , moving from large scale production to customized production.

2. HIGHLIGHTS IN OPERATION AND THE DIRECTION OF REFORm (continued) 1. White goods business (continued) (1) Incorporate electronic appliance to internet appliance, creating the best life experience for the users. We are committed to incorporating the home appliance to internet of appliance , so that home appliance and the internet can be connected, delivering and distributing a number of services within and outside home, and to attract more and more fans to connect with our devices. At present, the proportionate sales of washing machine and water heater with customer interaction features has been rising rapidly. These two types of products have been developing an open and self-optimizing ecosystem leveraging on the U+ smart home platform (Developed by Haier Group, U+ platform is the world s leading open smart-home platform that enables seamless connection between different smart devices and home appliances from different brands. At present, over one hundred partners, such as Microsoft, Samsung and Huawei have established connection with U+ platform.).

2. HIGHLIGHTS IN OPERATION AND THE DIRECTION OF REFORm (continued) 1. White goods business (continued) (2) Build smart factory to address personalized demand of users. Early on, the Group has paid close attention to the industrial 4.0 concept. For example, we have built our Qingdao electric water heater factory and Foshan front-loading washing machine factory into smart lights-out factories, where manual labors are replaced by automated equipment and robots, and users feedback is incorporated during the entire production process. Our production efficiency has significantly enhanced and labor costs has been reduced, we can also provide users with visualized experience during the entire process, satisfying users personalized demand.
(3) With the overall industry growth moderating, the group will put more emphasis on midhigh end products. The Group has upgraded its product structure and kept a fast growth, thanks to the Group s leading products developed on its global R&D network, such as our exclusive clean-free washing machine launched in 2014.
The clean-free washing machine was ranked at top in the high-end top-loading washing machine segment soon after it was launched. The European style Casarte Ella washing machine quickly became top selling product in high-end front loading washing machine segment after its entering into the market.

2. HIGHLIGHTS IN OPERATION AND THE DIRECTION OF REFORm (continued) 2. Integrated Channel Services Business The Integrated Channel Services Business of Haier Electronic is positioned as Household-centric Ecosystem that links Users and Services , which mainly includes logistics, e-commerce and distribution 
(1) Capture the digital innovation trend, transform vast franchisee network to O2O service platform. With the accelerating digital adoption, the Group motivates its franchisees to change its strategic focus from goods-selling to user- experience generation, in order to enhance competitiveness of the retail stores in the internet era. Our goal here is to help more and more franchisee stores going online and reduce store inventory, convert our franchisee stores into O2O service platform, as well as a user attraction and retention platform that integrates physical distribution network with internet technologies. As at the end of 2014, the number of online and offline active users on Group s O2O platform amounted to 15.7 million approximately.

2. HIGHLIGHTS IN OPERATION AND THE DIRECTION OF REFORm (continued) 2. Integrated Channel Services Business (continued) (2) Take advantage of competitive edge of offline franchisee network to rapidly develop the rural e-commerce. The e-commerce platforms and transportation companies have not been widely penetrated in rural areas in China due to the remote geographical locations and the underdeveloped customer segment. Facing up with the huge potential of rural e-commerce, the Group will leverage on its network advantage to rapidly expand rural e-commerce as the new growth driver in 2015. We will establish e-commerce services platform in counties and e-commerce services stations in villages, which deal with sales, investment attraction, logistics, life service and finance, aiming to sell online stores products to rural markets, and sell rural market products to cities.

2. HIGHLIGHTS IN OPERATION AND THE DIRECTION OF REFORm (continued) 2. Integrated Channel Services Business (continued) (3) Develop smart logistics, and expand third- party platform business rapidly. Capturing the opportunities in the e-commerce, Goodaymart Logistics innovates the logistics services and establishes the logistics platform that delivers best user experience. Total logistics revenue increased by over 45% year-on-year in 2014 while revenue from third-party business grew over 150% as compared to prior year, amongst which, e-commerce logistics business grew rapidly.
Goodaymart became the primary logistics service provider for merchants selling large home appliances on Tmall.com, provided competitive one-stop logistic solutions and bundling of delivery and installation services on a nationwide 
Through opening our transportation capacity, Goodaymart Logistics platform has attracted tens of thousands of track drivers joining our capacity platform, and developed to be the only domestic logistic service network for large-format products which achieves delivery to villages and rural families and bundling of delivery and installation . On our unique logistic platform, drivers receive orders via mobile APP while the users can rate the driver s delivery services on- site. The platform will automatically optimize the allocation of the vehicle resourcesjobs pursuant to the user s feedback, and in return, the user appraisal system continuously enhances 
2. HIGHLIGHTS IN OPERATION AND THE DIRECTION OF REFORm (continued) 2. Integrated Channel Services Business (continued) (4) Continuously broaden logistics services category, from home appliance, furniture to cold chain. By leaping on our significant development on home appliance and e-commerce logistics business in 2014, the Group will further promote the e-commerce logistics business of other large-format products including furniture and bathroom fixture in the future, aiming to become No. 1 home appliance and home furnishing logistics service provider in terms of domestic market share and word of mouth reputation among the customers. With the aim to expand into cold chain logistics industry, the Group strategically invested 34% stakes of Shanghai Grand Logistics, a leading cold chain logistics services provider, in January 2015.
(5) migrate from wholesale mode to service mode.
Local Goodaymart joint ventures that engage in third-party home appliance distribution have optimized its revenue mix and improved their profitability through entering into direct distribution in rural town areas in 2014. Local joint venture companies and the franchise stores have joined the Group s newly developed B2B trading platform, conducting the online trading and 
3. INNOVATIONS EmBRACING THE NEW ERA 1. Organizational innovation The R&D and innovation management of large organizations was highly centralized in the past, while a new innovational model is emerging in the internet era.
The Group is transforming from a traditional centralized organization to a platform that cultivates innovation and entrepreneurship, enabling our employees to act like entrepreneurs, namely makers , a change from focusing on execution efficiency to proactively creating value for customers. Outsiders who intend to participate in our internal start up can become makers on our platform as sponsors in the common site of makers.
Then core of Haier s digital transformation is to establish an open entrepreneurial ecosystem for innovation, providing platform for the makers all over the world, and more strategically focus on cultivating makers rather than manufacturing products. At present, the innovations in Haier s maker ecosystem mainly focus in the following three aspects: (1) adopting the micro business unit model for new business; (2) providing resources for makers on the open platform; and (3) to increasing the chance of success through introducing new incentive mechanism.

3. INNOVATIONS EmBRACING THE NEW ERA 
2. Innovation adapting to trends: Internet + represents the new normal industrial development. Internet + will be a new generation of innovation on information technology, modern manufacturing and logistics services, with the symbolic application of cloud computing, internet of things and big data. In 2015, the Group will establish an open internet ecosystem through Internet + , promoting the innovation in branding, factory, channel, logistics and other aspects, so as to achieve faster development.
(1) Internet + brand: to establish a well-recognized internet brand. In 2014, Goodaymart was named one of the most valuable brands in China with a brand value of RMB14.286 billion. In 2015, the Group will add new elements of the new era into the brand name, through the introduction of internet thinking, exploration of the internet mode and pooling of resource, to form an internet brand name of the era and gain brand recognition from 
3. INNOVATIONS EmBRACING THE NEW ERA 
2. Innovation adapting to trends: (continued) (2) Internet + factory: smart factory allows users to make interaction during entire process. The nature of Industrial 4.0 is connecting factory. The Group currently has built several connecting factories with the remaining factories are in the process of upgrading. Through its modular production, automated and smart features, Haier connecting factories incorporate users feedback in product design, supply chain management and marketing. The goal of Haier connecting factories is to lead China s intelligent manufacturing, and then promote this to the 
(3) Internet + channel: to be the leader of e-commerce market in rural areas. The increasing purchasing power from rural consumers and their increasing proportion of online shopping presents an enormous opportunity to develop e-commerce in rural areas.
In 2015, the Group plans to integrate delivery capacity to establish a mobile e-commerce services network in rural areas. Such network not only delivers the products to the county town, but also assists in selling their special local products.
Leveraging on the advantages of the existing networks, Goodaymart may very well become the market leader in respect of its integration of virtual and physical e-commerce networks in rural areas.

3. INNOVATIONS EmBRACING THE NEW ERA 
2. Innovation adapting to trends: (continued) (4) Internet + logistics: to become the platform for internet of vehicles in the freight transportation sector. In 2015, the Group will further develop the Last Mile Open Platform project under Goodaymart Logistics. We plan to attract more parties to co-develop this business. Goodaymart Logistics has the goal of becoming the platform for internet of vehicles in the freight transportation sector, establishing an open platform which integrates delivery capacity, service orders and users. Product owners can release orders, drivers can grip the orders while users can comment on services they receive. It is expected that the proportion of third-party logistics business will continue to grow rapidly in 2015.

It is estimated that in 2015 the growth of overall home appliance industry will slow down. However, as more Chinese consumers are pursuing decent quality of life, we estimate the demand for lifestyle home appliance will continue to increase. With the further popularization of internet in China, e-commerce will continue to record higher growth than offline retail sales. It is essential to strengthen the last mile logistics delivery services and onsite user experience in the 3rd and 4th-tier markets. Anticipating prosperous growth potential, we remain fully confident and are willing to embrace the challenges. We will present new breakthroughs, become the industry leading company and continuously drive value for shareholders.

