Chairman s Letter 
Improve " living Standard 
The strategies of maintaining a sound financial position and addressing to the customer demand will enable Haier Electronics to confidently respond to the financial tsunami in the market. We believe that we will be in a better position to capture opportunities when the market recovers.

Year 2008 was a surprising year that the Group enjoyed significant increase in both sales revenue and profit in the first half year but was challenged by the sudden deterioration of market in the second half.
In particular, the unforeseen challenges in the fourth quarter adversely impacted the Group s results for the year ended 31 December, 2008 ( the Year ). However, the market position and the brand value of the Group both remained in leading positions in the industry.
The number of overseas orders in 2008 was affected by the global financial crisis and the cost of export increased due to the appreciation of Renminbi. Also, the growth in consumption in the 1st and 2nd tier markets was limited by the slowdown of the PRC economic growth in the second half year. We expect that the adverse impacts caused by the decline in the overall market demand will persist in the short term. To cope with the current fluctuating and adverse economic conditions, we have adopted a series of measures, including strengthening the Group s product innovation, focusing on cash flow generation, strengthening the development of the 3rd and 4th tier markets and adhering to a prudent financial policy.

Turnover for the Year amounted to HK$11,409 million, representing an increase of approximately 33.5% from HK$8,549 million in 2007. The sales in 2008 was affected by a number of unfavourable factors such as the global financial crisis, the shrinkage in exports, sluggish property market, negative domestic consumption sentiment and raw material prices volatility. On the other hand, the competition in terms of price and market penetration among domestic and international home appliance brands was intensifying. Looking at the favourable factors, a series of policies for stimulating the domestic demand in rural areas such as the Rural Area Subsidized Electrical Appliances Purchase Policy has effectively boosted up the demand for home appliances in the 3rd and 4th tier markets. In 2008, the sales of washing machines in the rural market substantially increased due to the Group s strategy to increase sales in the 3rd and 4th tier markets and expand the sales network in rural areas.
Such increase has alleviated the negative effects of the unsatisfactory exports and sales in the 1st and 2nd tier domestic markets.

Business Review (Cont d) The Group continues to maintain its leading position in the washing machine and water heater markets in the PRC. In 2008, the Group s market shares in these two markets were approximately 31.5% and 21.3% respectively according to China Market Monitor (a market research company based in the PRC), maintained at a stable level as compared to 31.9% and 20.4% respectively in 2007.
In order to enhance long-term competitiveness, the Group committed more efforts to the research and development of high value-added products and the products catering for the rural market, resulting in an increase in research and development expenses. The stepping up of efforts and resources in brand promotion during the Beijing Olympic Games caused an increase in marketing expenses. The expansion of the 3rd and 4th tier markets led to higher distribution expenses and marketing expenses. The development of the information system and recruiting more global professional talents and experts also resulted in an increase in management expenses. All these factors brought an adverse impact on the net profit for the Year. Therefore, net profit attributable to shareholders in 2008 fell by 11.6% in 2008 to HK$152 million.
To encounter the external economic challenges and enhance the competitiveness, the key actions taken by the Group in 2008 focused on the following three major aspects: Focusing on cash flow generation. Under the circumstances of shrinkage in product demand and drastic fluctuation of raw material prices, the Group implemented a series of reforming measures including the make-to-order and procurement-to-order policy, as well as the shortening of lead time for manufacture and delivery through a just-in- time inventory strategy which lowered the inventory level and reduced working capital. Therefore, the adverse impacts resulting from the fluctuation in raw material prices in 2008 was alleviated. The Group believe that its strategy to maintain strong operating cash flow will reduce inventory risk, prevent capital shortage and ensure the launch of competitive new products. Strong cash position will also support the Group s product innovation and strategic investments.

Business Review (Cont d) Strengthening the development of 3rd and 4th tier markets. The Group will focus on developing the domestic 3rd and 4th tier markets going onward. Despite the huge potential demand in the 3rd and 4th tier markets, the issue of distribution, logistics and after-sale services still needs to be solved. The Group will establish its sales, logistics and service networks in towns, and further expand to the countryside and villages gradually by leveraging on the further promotion of the Rural Area Subsidized Electrical Appliances Purchase Policy , so as to extend the coverage of its network to all customers in the 3rd and 4th tier markets and provide them with tailor-made solutions.
Product innovation. The products of the Group enjoys worldwide presence which cater to the diversifying needs and individual preference.
Therefore, the Group s product innovation is oriented towards addressing users demands and creating customer values in product development.
We ensure that the needs of users and customers are the beginning of our product development process and expect that the products designed will cater to the needs of local customers, with high added value as well as multiple functions. We believe that the continuous product innovation is the only way for the Group to respond to the intense competition with both domestic and foreign brands at the amidst of the adverse 
Despite the relatively weak market demand at present, the momentum for the long-term growth in the white goods industry still exists. The penetration rate of washing machines and water heaters in the rural markets is relatively low as compared with the urban market, as fuelled by the growing market demand from rural areas and the Group s continuous efforts paid in the marketing activities and expansion of distribution, logistics and service network, it is expected that ample business opportunities would be unlocked. In respect of the 1st and 2nd tier domestic markets, in spite of the unfavourable factors such as the deteriorated property market and the negative consumption sentiments of urban residents, demand for the home appliances still exists. The Group believes that by launching diversified innovative multi-functional products, it would be able to capture the increased market demand brought by customers willingness to replace old home appliances in view of the improving living standards.

Outlook (Cont d) Since February 2009, the Rural Area Subsidized Electrical Appliances Purchase Policy , which included the subsidies to the purchase of washing machines and water heaters, was implemented throughout the PRC.
The policy is stimulating the demand for home appliances in the rural market and provided new growth impetus for the sales of the Group.
However, under the prevailing sluggish economic environment and the disparity in products demanded, local market situation, logistic, services and distribution channels among various rural areas in China (the sale price in rural market is normally less than that in urban market). As such, the Group is looking forward to put more resources and efforts into the rural market, explore and develop the right operating model, try our best to achieve considerable sales growth amid the fierce competitive environment, meanwhile realizing a certain profit margin.
Amid the sudden economic downturn, the impact on the Group s results is confined to the period since the second half of 2008. It is uncertain when the market will recover. Based on our experience, we must be humble and adopt prudent financial policies so as to ensure sufficient funding for our future capital investments.
We will take all necessary actions to maintain the growth generated from real cash flow. Our brand image, product innovation and sales networks will only get better during this challenging period. Our greatest assets are always our commitment to provide our customers with more new products of higher quality and our competent and innovative employees.
With these fundamentals in place, we will be well-positioned to capitalize our growth opportunities when the market recovers to normal levels.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank all my fellow directors and staff for their dedicated services, contributions and support during 
By Order of the Board of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd.

Hong Kong, 17 April 2009 