CHAIRMAN S LETTER 
During 2015, the overall home appliance market demonstrated slackening growth amid the downturn of the property market, destocking of air-conditioners and soft demand from the international market. Meanwhile, with the increasing penetration of online stores for home appliances, traditional sales channels for home appliances were under pressure to adapt. Furthermore, the emergence of innovative patterns of consumption and production including C2B customisation and service customisations has redefined the roadmap by which a branded home appliance player adapt to be the winner in the home appliance industry.
I. READJUST TO KEEP STABLE GROWTH In 2015, the Group readjusted itself in response to market changes. It achieved a revenue of RMB62.826 billion, representing a decline of 6.4%. Net profit attributable to parent company grew by 10.5% from the previous year to RMB2.703 billion, translating to a net profit margin attributable to parent company of 4.3%.
In 2015, especially in the second half of the year, the growth momentum of the white goods sector in which we operated weakened. While it became increasingly difficult to achieve growth in revenue with the traditional business model, the Group continued to engage in technological innovation and upgrading of the product mix in its washing machine and water heater segments, achieving balanced development with increased revenue and sustained gross profit, together with enlarged market share in the high-end product sector, further strengthening the leading position of the Haier brand in both the domestic and international markets of home appliances.
According to Euromonitor, Haier accounted for 9.8% of the global large-scale home appliances market in terms of retail volume in 2015, topping the world for the seventh consecutive 
I. READJUST TO KEEP STABLE GROWTH 
Actively embracing opportunities presented in the internet era, in 2015 the Group invested heavily in businesses with high growth potential and improved the competitiveness of its integrated channel services business. We exited in a timely manner from the distribution business of television and digital product, which contributed to revenue but had diminishing marginal profits. To serve our collaboration partners in a more efficient manner, we restructured our online and offline sales system and focused on full-process superior customer experience to deliver service enhancement for both distributors and users. On the other hand, we shifted more investment to the logistics unit. With the coverage of the logistics business unit extending to home appliances, furniture and cold chain, we continued to develop our warehousing, truck-loading and last mile delivery capability, supporting a rapid solid growth of the logistics business.
Whilst 2016 will be a tough period for Chinese companies as the macro-economy of China is going through a structural shift, I would say that, if we keep ourselves abreast of the needs of the consumers and the customers, we will be able to grasp the opportunities presented by China s consumption upgrade and expand, on an ongoing basis, our share in the market of mid-to-high-end products and brand services offered to the middle class; if we build a more transparent, highly efficient supply chain service system on the back of our advantages in intergration of online and offline resources, chances are that we may undergo a breakthrough in third- party supply chain management services, which will favour the formation of a new e-commerce platform and bring forth first-mover advantage in the post-e-commerce era.

II. STRATEGIC INNOVATIONS AND ROADMAP FOR TRANSFORMATION In 2015, in order to achieve its strategic transformation, the Group started from upgrading the interconnected manufacturing, smart appliance, integration of online and offline channels and smart logistics system, and achieved significant periodical result.
1. Smart Home Appliances for White Goods with Direct Linkage between Interconnected Factories and Users The Group s white goods business focused on the followings: transforming the ecosystem from home appliances to smart network devices and to internet of things ( IOT ), and via the seamless, transparent and customised interconnected manufacturing factories, the Group achieved interconnection with users, transforming from mass manufacturing to mass customisation.
It is our strategy to maintain our leading position in the mid-to-high-end product models and to promote the prevalence of smart home appliances. For our Haier washing machines, we strove to make high- end technology available in our mid-to-high-end products, with the introduction of leading mid-to-high- end products including Twin Ella and New Crystal, and remained a leader in the market share of mid-to- high-end products. In our smart products, we strove to promote the seamless integration of home appliances and the internet. More models were equipped with WiFi function and supported mobile APP operation, offering more washing scenarios to users. For water heaters, we also enhanced our product mix, by developing high- end products including pure water electric heaters and KING heat pump in 2015.

II. STRATEGIC INNOVATIONS AND ROADMAP FOR TRANSFORMATION 
1. Smart Home Appliances for White Goods with Direct Linkage between Interconnected Factories and Users (continued) The realisation of unmanned and smart interconnected factories has delivered sound performance. In 2015, we established the most advanced interconnected factories for the production of washing machines and water heaters in Foshan and Qingdao. Apart from having automated, smart and visualized factories, we have enabled zero distance connection between users and factories, with users participation in product design, product manufacturing, as well as product sales and marketing. By the extensive use of advanced technology including 3D simulation and vision identification, we built unmanned factories which were equipped with tens of thousands of sensors and RFID, enabling collection of data on users, production and quality throughout the process, and creating the seamless, transparent and visualized experience of the best quality for users.
The collection of big data and prevalence of smart home appliances have given rise to the gradual realisation of IOT ecosystem for white goods. In 2015, a smart washing ecosystem which was uniquely available from Haier was formed in its washing machines. By collecting data from the users and research databases, we summarized data on washing from fabrics, stains, water quality to users washing habits, which helped us to analyse and match washing machines, clothes and washing detergents. The best washing procedures can be formulated under the smart matching of clothes of different fabrics and colours. In addition, we are able to recommend the most suitable detergents to users according to water features and users washing habits and teach them how to wash their clothes well .

II. STRATEGIC INNOVATIONS AND ROADMAP FOR TRANSFORMATION 
2. Seamless Integration of Online and Offline Channels for the Upgrading and Transformation of Our Channel Distribution 
The Group s channel distribution business focused on the following: based on trust and community experience, the Group created its e-commerce service platform on the back of the new consumption trend.
Online and offline integration has enabled the full- process superior experience offered to customers.
By providing them the expertise, supervision and IT system, we assisted retail partners to enhance their O2O operation levels, developed more stores which could adopt the e-commerce concepts and technology to increase SKUs and user interactions. At the same time, with the help of effective logistics and warehousing policies, we alleviated their pressure of excessive inventory, thereby enhancing the cash flow management of their stores. The national coverage of franchise stores is currently converting into O2O experience stores in an orderly manner. Beyond helping franchise stores to go online and reducing store inventory, this also brought excellent and diversified experience to users and transformed franchise stores into a physical and virtual 
We cater to customer needs for customisation with our end to end visualised customization system. We have set up our micro-business APP Shunguang , to achieve interconnection between users and the enterprise. On this platform, we attract numerous opinion leaders, R&D and design resources and supplier resources which will interact with users directly. On the other hand, users may engage in innovation, interaction and sharing, transferring from customers to manufacturer and seller. With this pattern of community experience, different needs may be consolidated in an effective way to achieve mass customisation. For example, our Two drum clean-free washing machines, which have been well-applauded by users, were designed based on 
II. STRATEGIC INNOVATIONS AND ROADMAP FOR TRANSFORMATION 
3. The Upgrading of the End-to-end Logistic Solutions Offered by Goodaymart Logistics The Group s logistics business focused on the following: we provide our customers the end-to-end visible SCM solutions upon the customers needs rooted in their 
We maintained our fundamental capacities to keep the leading position in the large-scale item logistics sector.
In 2015, six self-built warehouses were constructed and commenced operation, adding up to a total of 21 self- built warehouses. The operations in 3rd and 4th tier markets were still deepening. Our HUB coverage was swiftly expanded to further enhance the delivery speed to villages and to doors in 3rd and 4th tier markets. In terms of 3rd tier DC intensified network coverage for large-scale items, Goodaymart Logistics maintained its leading position in the logistics sector. Integration from mergers and acquisitions (Shengfeng and Boyol): enhancing the seamless connection from linehaul to regional distribution and last mile delivery, forming a nationwide network of truck deliveries, and thereby providing one-stop services of direct delivery to users encompassing warehousing, linehaul and delivery. The smart logistics IT system has driven the improvement in quality apart from quantity of the platform network, with the successive launch of products including smart truck surveillance, visualised deliverables management, trustworthy housekeeping and value-added services.
The enhancement of smart logistics IT system has bestowed to Goodaymart Logistics a leading position in delivering highly differential experience in the logistics of large-scale items in terms of standardised, precise and smart logistics management, and customer and user 
II. STRATEGIC INNOVATIONS AND ROADMAP FOR TRANSFORMATION 
3. The Upgrading of the End-to-end Logistic Solutions Offered by Goodaymart Logistics 
In light of the emerging business models on the customer side, Goodaymart Logistics took the lead to introduce its full-process SCM solutions and put them into implementation. From warehouse arrangement for customers to lining up inventory channel, and from last mile delivery to user interaction, by seamlessly connecting manufacturer to users, Goodaymart created efficiency in the loop of value chain. The full-process SCM solutions in the home appliance and furniture sectors can be rapidly replicated to other areas such as fitness equipment, small-sized electrical tools and etc.
Goodaymart developed the open last mile order management platform which realized the seamless connection between delivery ordering and delivery capacities. On one hand, the platform is open to outside vehicles and attracts participation of cargo drivers, thereby making the platform as the place for drivers to make money proactively. On the other hand, with standardized services, both drivers and users can be linked up directly. The reciprocal comments from both sides contribute to uplift service standards and deliver the utmost speed of delivery and installation to 
II. STRATEGIC INNOVATIONS AND ROADMAP FOR TRANSFORMATION 
4. Innovations upon Organisation and Mechanism: The Key to Implementation of 
The internet has brought in upheavals to the traditional hierarchical structure of organisations and the traditional employer-employee relationship. From the manufacturing of products to the incubation of venture business, the Group is transforming to build a win-win 
The organisational change from a closed-loop hierarchy to internet nodes, it has brought in challenges to the traditional structure. An internet company represents an open platform, to which resources have access to form an ecosystem in which creation, value addition and profit earning are shared among each other. In 2015, the focus of the reform of our management system shifted from hierarchy-based to decentralisation which represents the essential element after becoming an industrial internet company.
In terms of mechanism, we are transforming from the traditional employer-employee regime to a partnership among business venturers, which drives the team s passion to be entrepreneurs. We must admit that to the young generation, efficiency and openness are synonymous with quality and innovation. On the other hand, we must provide them with incentive compensation plan in order to motivate them and align their interests with shareholders . Our staffs will be able to significantly increase their own economic remuneration by creating more value for our users.

III. OUTLOOK IN 2016, WE SHALL FOCUS ON DEVELOPMENT IN THE FOLLOWING 
1. Upgrading of smart home appliances Whilst smart products and interconnected factories started to come on stage in 2015, in 2016 we will continue to invest in the digital upgrade of smart hardware, uplift our capability in the analysis and collection of big data, open up our interconnected factories to more customized platforms, and enhance the production capacity and process control of our interconnected factories and automated production 
2. Uplifting of logistics capability Building upon the substantial development in home appliances logistics, Goodaymart will vastly explore the logistics of goods besides home appliances. Leveraging the established national logistics network especially the last mile service network, Goodaymart will capture an advantageous position in the logistics market of other large-scale items including furniture, bathroom fixture, fitness equipment and electric vehicles, and further develop in the cold chain logistics sector.
3. Exploring rural e-commerce market Based on our service capability in the last mile delivery, we will build a trustworthy e-commerce business model upon which e-commerce service platforms will be set up in counties and villages to address needs in sales of agricultural products, logistics and finance, thereby capturing the enormous market of the underdeveloped rural e-commerce sector.

In 2016, in view of continual economic growth and stabilised property market of China, the destocking of industry s inventory will be optimised and it is anticipated that the overall growth of the white goods sector will be restored. Attributed to the increasing demand for high-end and smart home appliances from trendy consumption groups, sales of home appliances which represent life style are expected to grow.
Meanwhile, expansion of the internet in China and continual prevalence of e-commerce especially in respect of rural e-commerce should represent another engine for growth of the home appliance market. As the Group transforms into an open platform for business venture and investment, more and more resources in the ecosystem will be converged to the platform. We are confident in achieving new breakthroughs, living up to the expectation of investors, and leading the 
