CHAIRMAN S LETTER 
The financial crisis was severely raging throughout the world exactly at this point of time last year. A year later, after the Chinese economy underwent the most difficult times, it realised a GDP growth of 8.7% in 2009. Through implementing strategies including product innovation, expansion into the 3rd and 4th tier markets as well as continuous optimization of cash flows, the Group achieved a revenue growth of 13.3% and a growth of the profit attributable to the owners of the Company of 172.1% in 2009. According to the data sources published by Euromonitor in December 2009, Haier washing machines brand shares ranked as world No. 1 in terms of retail volume globally.
Review of Operating Results The Group s revenue for 2009 amounted to RMB11,531 million, representing an increase of 13.3% from RMB10,180 million in 2008.
Thanks to the consistent global brand strategy, innovation of differentiated products, competitive incentive mechanism on Alignment between market Order and Personnel , and strong marketing network expansion under the favourable governmental Rural Area Subsidized Electrical Appliances Purchase Policy and Home Appliances Replacement Policy , the Group generated record revenue from principal businesses 
In the Chairman s letter last year, I proposed an aggressive expansion of the 3rd and 4th tier markets, and expected that the Rural Area Subsidized Electrical Appliances Purchase Policy would drive the Group s sales growth. Facts have proved that the marketing strategy for treating the domestic market as our top priority and for treating the 3rd and 4th tier markets in the local market as key segments has already made satisfactory progress. In 2009, revenue from overseas markets declined 
by 7.6%. Europe, ASEAN and the Central African market which are the major places of export have not fully recovered from the economic downturn, thus dragging down the performance of overseas markets.
In 2009, our sales growth in the domestic market reached 15.4%, which effectively offset the adverse effects due to the tepid demand from overseas markets.
Profit attributable to the owners of the Company for 2009 increased by 172.1% to RMB370 million (equivalent to HK$420 million) as compared to RMB136 million (equivalent to HK$152 million) for 2008. The increase in net profit is primarily attributable to a 1.1% growth in gross profit margin and a 1.8% decrease of management expenses to revenue ratio from 2008, benefiting from decrease in raw material prices as well as the Group s effort to optimise product mix, strengthen cost control and improve profitability. Besides, the effective control over the administrative expenses of the Group also contributed to the increased net profit this year. The Group s ERP information system is now functioning at relatively mature stage and the related system and software costs were lowered in 2009. The administrative expenses decreased substantially as compared with last year due to the higher operating efficiency after its business 
Looking forward to 2010, we are still in the aftermath of the financial crisis; oil and steel prices have already risen; the Chinese economy structure is evolving, complicated by the various possibilities over the implementation of macroeconomic policies; the emergence of the Internet has impacted the conventional marketing model of home appliances. I think if we fail to continue to manage innovation with an open mind, we can hardly cope with the increasingly intense competitive environment and the trends of change.

Outlook (Cont d) The competition in the white goods industry is fierce and many competitors have well-known brands and a strong commitment to the Chinese market. In the washing machines and water heaters sectors, the level of profit rate is still considerable and it is not so difficult to expand capacity. If a competitor launches a price war, an impact on our revenue and profitability is inevitable. We have established the position as a market leader in the 3rd and 4th tier markets at this stage but our market position will inevitably be challenged as more and more market players join the competition.
We believe our focus on the following three areas will help us meet the challenges and continue to grow: 1. Step up the development and sales of high-end products and promote product innovation relentlessly.
We will continue to step up the development of high-end products like washing machines and water heaters to enhance the proportion of the sales of high-end products. As the growing middle classes in China and around the world are demanding home appliance products with superior designs and well-known brands, we have introduced Casarte, positioned as a premium brand, introduced into the Group, which will be able to adapt to the needs of these customers. As there is still substantial room for the growth of China s market for high-end products (especially along with China s economic growth), we will strengthen the image of Haier washing machines and water heaters as an industry leader to capture a larger market share of the high-end products sector and increase the overall gross profit margins of our products.
2. Meet the energy-saving trend by the aggressive development of environmentally friendly products.
Energy conservation and emissions reduction have become a trend in the purchase of home appliances. More consumers prioritized energy-saving products rather than cheap products with high energy consumption. The Group will develop the frequency convertible washing machines and solar energy water heaters in order to fully capitalize on the market opportunities arising from environmental protection and low carbon lifestyles. In the whole process of the design, manufacturing, sale and recycling of products, the Group has applied the Green Strategy and incorporated the philosophy of environmental protection into it. I believe the Group will introduce more environmental elements into its own brands, which is especially important for Haier s corporate social responsibility.

Outlook (Cont d) 3. Continue to take advantage of the opportunities arising from the growth in China s 3rd and 4th tier markets and further establish the distribution network throughout these markets.
We will make aggressive efforts to develop the personalized products targeted at the rural market at large in the 3rd and 4th tier markets to better fulfill customers needs, since the market potential of white goods products in the 3rd and 4th tier markets is still great.
By drawing support from some favourable national policies like the Rural Area Subsidized Electrical Appliances Purchase Policy and Home Appliances Replacement Policy , the Group will increase investment based on the existing distribution network to further extend network coverage and penetrate into the 3rd and 4th tier markets for providing efficient distribution and support services to a wide range of Haier s franchised stores and retail dealers, and then delivering competitive white goods products to end-users through retail partners.
Given China s 3rd and 4th tier markets are widely, geographically distributed with differentiated regional features, the Group will expand the marketing network deep into rural villages by innovative means such as the establishment of two outlets in one town and the establishment of village-level agent service stations to meet the needs of end customers swiftly and improve response speed.
If the Group is able to establish such a service network further into counties, towns, villages based on existing 3rd and 4th tier market network, the Group will leverage on its economies of scale to introduce more and more producers to this network and further provide logistics and distribution services to producers of other brands of home appliances and consumer electronics. The distribution network business of the 3rd and 4th tier markets has to be set up by integrating internal and external resources with a cooperation-competition mindset and focusing on the creation of customers long term loyalty and the customer value through service innovation. Although it is a huge challenge, it is a new source of business growth for the Group, and it deserves our investment given the huge potential.

Outlook (Cont d) With respect to organizational structure, we will explore and build a customer-centered autonomous units system. The so-called autonomous unit refers to the line managers and staff members making decision from the intrinsic driving force to create value for customers rather than receiving instructions from their superiors. Thus, most front-line staff who have the most information can quickly respond to customers demand and drive the organization to operate effectively to respond to our customers demands and create customer s value. Our target is that all staff members become their CEOs, who possess their own market, meet clients directly and make autonomous decisions to realise their individual values, as to cultivate the Group s corporate culture of win-win relationship between the enterprise, the client and the staff members.
Of course, we still have much work to do to really build such an ideal 
With respect to financial management, we will consistently focus on cash flow generation and working capital management. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to implement a series of reform measures, such as production and procurement according to market orders, accurate market order forecasting and modular production, to continuously improve cash flows. A strong cash flow status not only helps the Group expand its existing business successfully in a volatile business environment, and also allows the Group to have the flexibility to invest in the business 
Outlook (Cont d) With respect to team building, the Company recruited Mr. Zhou Yun Jie as a new general manager from Haier Group this year. Mr. Zhou has over 20 years of experience in Haier Group s manufacturing, sales, international and domestic markets and corporate management and is mainly responsible for global market expansion for Haier Group and the establishment of marketing network for the PRC market. I believe the arrival of Mr. Zhou and other management team members can consolidate our management team and strengthen the capability to implement strategies, which will facilitate the development of the new distribution business by the Group, successfully bringing the Group into a new level.
As at the date of the annual report, Qingdao Haier Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (600690.SH), had completed the equity transfer in respect of equities of the Company held by Haier Group, and become the controlling shareholder of the Company. It is expected that the Company will obtain solid support from the controlling shareholder for future expansion of its distribution network.

I hereby would like to express my thanks to all directors and staff for their dedicated commitment, as well as to all suppliers, clients and shareholders for their kind support. I hope you will continue to monitor our progress. We will demonstrate that Haier Electronics remains a company you can count to improve customer s lives and to create long- term shareholder value.
By Order of the Board of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd.

Hong Kong, 19 April 2010 
