Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ), I am pleased to report a profi table year ended 31 December, 2007 for the Group.

In 2007, the China pharmaceutical industry made steady advancement, withstanding regulatory guidance, and returned on the path of growth. The industry at large reported notable economic gain. This achievement was owned to major government effort in building a medical assurance system in the country. At the same time, the authority also stepped up monitory on medicines with the support of the newly amended Guidance for Administration of Medicine Registration , which increased the transparency of the medicine monitory and approval process and verifi cation of ingredients used in producing different medicines. Clear defi nition was introduced to separate high technological content medicines from those without innovative input. The recently amended GMP Medicines Accreditation Standards also raised GMP medicine accreditation standards and commanded strengthening of related management software. The new standards have put pharmaceutical production under more stringent scrutiny.

The pharmaceutical industry continued to consolidate and standardize in 2007. Despite facing increasingly stringent regulations and rising costs, the Group upheld the strategy of striving for steady development. It endeavored to integrate the strength of all companies within the Group to optimize resources allocation and pool together its core competitiveness.
It cemented its foundation for growth through JCTT s equity interest in Nanjing Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( NJCTT ), Jiangsu Chia Tai Fenghai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Yancheng Suhai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and Jiangsu Chia Tai Qingjiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.. Upon completion of the restructuring, JCTT will directly own a total of seven subsidiaries and a corporate structure capable of bringing to its business maximum cost effectiveness.
Furthermore, the Group maintained effort in building 
and strengthening its sales network. It also mounted more aggressive academic promotion and innovative campaigns for main products and products with strong potential and boosted its corporate brand as well as product brands for the purpose of sustaining growth. A number of the Group s main pharmaceutical products maintained dominance in their respective markets. While placing emphasis on enhancing management and sales, the Group also put major effort on research and development ( R&D ) and intellectual property protection and encouraged innovation among its different operations. Through its persistent efforts over the years, patented products have brought huge returns to the Group.
In 2006, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Chia Tai Refi ned Chemical Industry Limited, signed a joint venture agreement with three companies to establish Shaanxi Xinxing Energy Chemical Industry Limited ( SXEC ), which it has 43% interest. SXEC is mainly in the business of refi ning coal into methanol in Shaanxi. Taking into account the current high price of petroleum, extracting low carbon olefi n from cheaper coal as a new source of material for producing methanol has strategic value. The project is in early preparation to make sure it will abide by environmental protection and water resources standards required of such projects.
The Group recorded turnover of approximately HK$1,164.27 million during the year under review, an increase of approximately 58.5% against the same period last year. Profi t attributable to the Group was approximately HK$224.35 million, approximately 58.9% higher than in the same period last year. Basic earnings per share were approximately HK9.91 cents, representing an increase of approximately 58.8% when compared with the corresponding period last year. Cash and bank balances totaled approximately HK$1,775.75 million.
The Group continued to focus on developing specialized medicines where its strengths lie so as to build up its brand as a specialty medicine enterprise. Leveraging on its existing medicine series for treating hepatitis and cardio-cerebral diseases, the Group also actively developed oncology medicines, analgesic medicines, diabetic drugs and respiratory medicines, 
OUTLOOK AND PROSPECT The Chinese economy has a positive outlook in 2008. With the government investing in public health and medical protection provisions for the people and braced by continuous growth of the population and economy, the pharmaceutical market in the country has huge development potential and players can look forward to maintaining fast growth. However, as there are a number of factors, it will create considerable cost pressure and pose challenges to the industry.
On the strong profi t from its pharmaceutical operations and with abundant capital, the Group will continue to expand in the pharmaceutical market, striving to strengthen the management of production and ensure product safety, thereby boost its corporate brand and market share. By pursuing continuously technological advancement, development of new products and innovation, the Group pledges to keep introducing quality products to meet market needs. It will also boost its core competitiveness, improve its corporate governance and optimize resources allocation so as to reduce operating costs and achieve cost effectiveness. Over the years, building on its capabilities and position in the pharmaceutical industry in China and with strong capital base, the Group has kept attracting cooperation proposals from many large domestic and foreign enterprises. The Group will also seek to speed up growth through mergers and acquisitions and restructuring and consolidate its business operations, with the aim of growing the strength and scale of its business.
On the coal to olefi n business front, with global oil price standing persistently high, extracting low carbon olefi n from cheaper coal as the source of material for producing methanol will bring stable and promising revenue to the Group. The new business will become a new profi t growth driver of the Group in the long run.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders for their trust, support and understanding, as well as to all staff for their dedication and diligence.

