Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the
“Board”), I am pleased to report the
results of the Group for the year ended 31
December, 2016.
Industry Review
During the year under review, due to the frequent occurrence
of “Black Swan” incidents, global economic growth slowed
down against 2015. Developed economies treaded down
different growth paths, whereas emerging markets and
developing economies overall gradually stabilised. China
GDP grew at 6.7% in 2016 and the economy also advanced
steadily. According to the latest International Monetary Fund
report, the Chinese economy has reclaimed the top spot in
the world in economic growth. As for the industry, during the
year under review, the country furthered deepening reforms 
of the pharmaceutical, medical and healthcare industries,
and policies relating to clinical inspection, consistency
assessment, technique inspection, circulation inspection,
the “Two-Invoice” System, urban-rural medical insurance
integration and adjustment of the medical insurance catalogue
had sped up industry consolidation and restructuring with
the weak players ousted. Latest research indicated that the
pharmaceutical industry had grown faster when compared with
the corresponding period last year.
Business Review
During the year under review, the Group adopted an
active approach to counter the negative impacts of policies.
It implemented delicacy management on marketing for
Hepatitis, Cardio-cerebral and Orthopedic medicines,
which are traditional products where its strength lies. And,
products including Runzhong, Tianding, Yilunping, Tuotuo,
Kaifen and Gaisanchun continued to achieve strong sales.
Furthermore, the Group allocated more resources to market
penetration for its oncology and respiratory system medicines
and pursued more extensive collaboration in scientific research
with experts in various product areas. Oncology medicines
including Qingweike, Gelike, Shoufu, Saiweijian, Yinishu,
Yigu and respiratory system medicines including Tianqingsule,
Zhongchang and Cefaclor and Bromhexine Hydrochloride
dry suspension reported significant growth. During the year
under review, the Group placed greater effort on building retail
channels as well as channels to access the grassroots market.
At the same time, it attempted to enhance product promotion
and achieve satisfactory results via the Internet. The Group
continued to lead the industry on investment in research and
development (“R&D”), and achieved satisfactory results during
the year under review. During the year under review, the
Group granted Johnson & Johnson in the US the international
license to develop outside the PRC an innovative medicine
for treating hepatitis, which had shown immense potential
in the R&D stage. As at 31 December 2016, the Group had
obtained 198 clinical approvals and 5 production approvals
(Esomeprazole ingredient and two dosages of Esomeprazole
sodium for injection, Linezolid and Linezolid Injection). It also
made 17 new clinical applications, 8 production applications,
249 new patent applications and received 91 patent licenses of
which 87 were invention patents.
The Group recorded revenue of approximately HK$15,825.44
million during the year under review, an increase of
approximately 8.8% over the same period last year (The growth
rate would have been approximately 14.8% if denominated
in RMB). Before and after accounted for unrealized fair value
gains and losses of equity investments and financial assets,
profit attributable to the equity holders of the Group was
approximately HK$2,006.09 million and approximately
HK$1,913.28 million, respectively, approximately 13.2%
and approximately 7.6% higher than that of the same period
last year, respectively. Based on the profit attributable to the
equity holders of the Group before and after accounted for
unrealized fair value gains and losses of equity investments
and financial assets, the basic earnings per share were
approximately HK27.06 cents and approximately HK25.81
cents, respectively, approximately 13.1% and approximately
7.5% higher than that of the same period last year, respectively.
Cash and bank balances totaled approximately HK$4,203.47
million.
PROSPECTS
The global economy is still laden with uncertainties in 2017.
Sales of pharmaceutical products will continue to be affected
by the government launching new policies, such as the “Twoinvoice”
System and new round of lower prices tendering. And,
policies in relation to public hospital reform, such as cancelling
mark-up of medicines and changing the income structure of
hospitals, as well as the government continuing its control
over medical insurance premium, will make it necessary for
pharmaceutical companies to change their marketing approach.
The Group has been dedicated to enhancing industry
management and product quality. The newly published
“Guide to the Planning of Pharmaceutical Development” is 
expected to hasten industry consolidation and regulate industry
development, thus providing new market opportunities for
companies which are capable of carrying out R&D of quality
products. At the same time, other factors including aging of
the population, the two-child policy, urban-rural medical
insurance integration and receiving medical treatment in nonresidents
regions will expand the pharmaceutical market in
China. The Group expects to maintain stable growth despite
the many challenges the pharmaceutical industry is facing. The
Group will also pay close attention to and seize first investment
opportunities in key healthcare related industries supported by
the “Guide to the Planning of Pharmaceutical Development”.
APPRECIATION
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude to
our shareholders for their trust, support and understanding, as
well as to all staff for their dedication and diligence.
