Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ), I am pleased to report a profi table year ended 31 December, 2010 for the Group.

During the year under review, with the support of the PRC Government through the implementation of a progressive fiscal policy, the PRC economy has continued its relatively rapid growth. The improving economy, coupled with the rising disposable income of its population and the strong financial support from the PRC Government in enhancing the medical and health system reforms have driven the development of the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry.
These favourable conditions have helped the enterprises to maintain steady increases in sales and profits. In the past year, the implementation of public hospital reform, a new edition of the Pharmacopoeia, a safety assessment of Chinese medicine injection products and centralised procurement of pharmaceutical products in the PRC have not only enhanced the quality standards and standardisation management of the PRC pharmaceutical industry, but also facilitated a healthy growth of the industry. In the Plan for Strategic Emerging Industries launched in October 2010, the Government has added bio-industry to the list of pillar industries, demonstrating its high emphasis on this industry. The upgrade of biopharmaceutical and pharmaceutical industries were also selected as focused industries for development in the next five years. At the same time, pharmaceutical business is facing a challenging environment, for examples, strategic price cutting, continuous high Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) and enormous industrial competition etc.

To enhance the competitiveness of its brand, during the year under review, the Group has continued to focus on new product development while strengthening quality control procedures to ensure that its products are safe and reliable and to enhance brand competitiveness. The Group has faced a number of challenges including the mandated adjustment in the price of pharmaceutical products by the PRC Government, implementation of centralised bidding and procurement of pharmaceutical products in each of the provinces and persistently high CPI. To address the situation, the Group has launched a series of measures to ensure stable growth of its business performance and to maintain the leadership of its main products in specific therapeutic pharmaceutical areas. Moreover, during the year under review, the Group has successfully increased its equity interests in Jiangsu Fenghai and Yancheng Suhai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( Yancheng Suhai ), which are engaged in the manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical products for the treatment of bacterial, inflammatory and cardio-cerebral medicines, and acquired the equity interests in Shanghai Tongyong, which is primarily engaged in the manufacture of dermatology and hormonal pharmaceutical products. These acquisitions will enable the Group to enter into new business segments and bring new income contribution to the Group.
The Group recorded turnover of approximately HK$4,086.14 million during the year under review, an increase of approximately 26.3% against the same period last year. Profit attributable to the Group was approximately HK$566.90 million, approximately 42.8% higher than in the same period last year. After the adjustment of the weighted average number of ordinary shares from the top-up placings of shares in January and June 2010, respectively, and from the share repurchases in April 2010, the basic earnings per share were approximately HK11.68 cents, approximately 33.2% higher than the corresponding period last year. Cash and bank balances totaled approximately HK$2,338.50 million.

The Group continued to focus on developing specialized medicines where its strengths lie so as to build up its brand as a specialty medicine enterprise. Leveraging on its existing medicine series for treating hepatitis and cardio-cerebral diseases, the Group also actively developed oncology medicines, analgesic medicines, diabetic medicines, respiratory system medicines and digestive system medicines, etc.
OUTLOOK AND PROSPECT Looking ahead, the Group believes that the PRC Government will implement progressive fiscal policy and stable monetary policy from 2011 onwards and speed up the development of a new socialist countryside and drive rural and urban development. The Government will also strive to establish a fair education system, fair adjustments for income allocation, undertake effort to establish a social welfare system covering cities and rural areas and support the reform and development of medical and healthcare businesses.
These moves will help to enhance the social welfare security system and improve the wellbeing of citizens as well as create long term and favorable conditions for the pharmaceutical industry.
The Group expects the rapidly aging population to become an important demand driver for medicines to treat chronic diseases.
The underlying steady growth of the economy will also facilitate the continuous steady development of the pharmaceutical industry in 
The year 2011 also marks the beginning of the Twelfth-Five Year Plan . Major concerns of the new plan are to adjust the economic structure and suppress inflation pressure. The price adjustment of pharmaceutical products and the New GMP implemented in March will likely to further reduce the earnings of the pharmaceutical product manufacturers. This in turn will facilitate the consolidation of the industry through mergers and acquisitions as well as restructuring to ensure the continuous healthy development of PRC s pharmaceutical industry in future.

In 2011, a priority for the Group will be to continue strengthening quality control in production to ensure product safety. It will take measures to enhance management all-round to maintain product profitability and leadership in selected therapeutic pharmaceutical areas. The Group will also continue to invest in R&D in new products and new technologies to strengthen its capability in developing proprietary innovative medicines. At the same time, the Group will evaluate mergers and acquisitions and restructuring opportunities to drive business growth and expand its business under 
In the coal-olefin segment, as the effects of the global financial crisis still linger, the Group expects to continue seeking a more cost effective source of material for producing olefin. This business is expected to bring stable, promising revenue and provide a new profit growth driver of the Group in the long run. Since it takes necessary longer time to assess the impact of industrial production on the environment and water resources etc, the project is still at an early stage of preparation.

APPLICATION FOR LISTING BY BEIJING 
On 27 December, 2010, Beijing Tide has made a formal application to the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the CSRC ) in respect of the proposed listing of its shares on the ChiNext of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. The CSRC has issued to Beijing Tide a Notice of CSRC Administrative Permit of Acceptance of Handling on 4 January, 2011.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders for their trust, support and understanding, as well as to all staff for their dedication and diligence.

