Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ), I am pleased to report a profi table year ended 31 December, 2009 for the Group.

Facing the severe conditions brought about by the economic downturn resulting from the global financial crisis which erupted in late 2008, the PRC Government began to implement an economic stimulus policy together with a loose monetary policy in 2009. These efforts have laid a foundation for rapid economic recovery of the country. With the economic condition stabilising, the launching of New Medical Reform Plan , National Basic Medicine Catalogue Fundamental Version and Medical Insurance Catalogue together with strong financial support from the PRC government in the medical and health system reforms, domestic demand in the PRC pharmaceutical market rapidly expanded. This in turn allowed the pharmaceutical industry to maintain relatively fast yet steady growth in the past year and thus helped the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry to maintain stable growth in sales and profit.

During the year under review, despite the world-wide financial crisis which led to the economic downturn that resulted in the tough operating environment, the Group continued to focus on consolidating the strength and scope of its business and achieved steady growth. With emphasis on quality management, it was able to maintain high quality of its products and brand competitiveness. The Group also strived to expand its sales network and channels, which allowed it to establish growth of a number of major products in specific therapeutic pharmaceutical areas while maintaining a leading market share within the highly competitive market. As a result, the Group continued to enjoy satisfactory performance with notable growth. 148 products of the Group have been included in National Medical Insurance Catalogue 2009 Version .
Through our sustained dedication to research and development ( R&D ) of new products and efforts to protect its intellectual 
property in the past years, the Group has also gained huge benefits from its new products and invention patents.
The Group recorded turnover of approximately HK$3,243.65 million during the year, an increase of approximately 42.1% against the same period last year. Profit attributable to the Group was approximately HK$396.96 million, approximately 33.4% higher than in the same period last year. Basic earnings per share were approximately HK8.77 cents, representing an increase of approximately 33.5% when compared with the corresponding period last year. Cash and bank balances totaled approximately HK$1,827.31 million.
The Group continued to focus on developing specialized medicines where its strengths lie so as to build up its brand as a specialty medicine enterprise. Leveraging on its existing medicine series for treating hepatitis and cardio-cerebral diseases, the Group also actively developed oncology medicines, analgesic medicines, diabetic medicines, respiratory medicines and digestive system medicines, etc.
OUTLOOK AND PROSPECT The pharmaceutical market will benefit in the long run with the gradual rationalisation of the PRC medical system, which in particular will create enormous opportunities for PRC pharmaceutical enterprises. Moreover, the PRC government continued to step up its financial support and has introduced more favourable policies to facilitate the technological innovation in the pharmaceutical sector. The Government launched a series of medicine-related policies ranging from registration, pricing to clinical usage, which revealed its support for enterprises in the pursuit of innovation. The Group therefore believes that the PRC pharmaceutical industry will continue to maintain steady development, with the growth of the industry rooted in steady track.
However, with the launching of a series of new management policies of the pharmaceutical industry in 2010, of which the Pharmacopoeia (2010 edition) will be implemented from 1 July, it is expected that the standard of pharmaceutical products be raised and the second round consultation about the new GMP draft edition indicates that the GMP of the domestic medicines are to be aligned with international ones. In addition, the PRC government has tightened administration and adopted more stringent regulations controlling the sales of pharmaceutical products, and various standards governing the management of pharmaceutical products, which are expected to cause a heavier burden of costs for industry players, as well as will lead to intensified competition while changing, segregating and upgrading the industry.
In the year ahead, product quality management will continue to be a priority for the Group with particular attention to ensuring product safety as well as the collateral benefit maintaining the competitiveness of the brand. At the same time, the Group continued to attract and foster the talents, expand its sales network and channels, through strengthening of its management and optimising resources allocation, with the aim of enlarging market share. The Group also continues to dedicate more effort to R&D of new products to maintain its leadership in specific therapeutic pharmaceutical areas. The Group would evaluate mergers and acquisitions as a means to speed up growth as well as restructuring and consolidating its business operations, with the aim of strengthening its competitive position and expanding its scope of business.
At the coal to olefin business perspective, taking heed of the loomed global financial crisis, the Group will look for opportunities to secure cheaper source of material for producing olefin. The business is expected to bring stable and promising revenue to the Group and provide a new profit growth driver of the Group in the long run. Since it takes time to assess the impacts on the environment and water resources of such industrial projects, the project is still in the early preparation 
EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD In January, 2010, the Company has announced a top-up placing of existing shares and subscription of new shares under general mandate whereby China Life Insurance (Overseas) Company, Limited, CITIC Securities International Investment Management (HK) Limited, for China Alpha II Fund and CITIC Securities International Investment Management (HK) Limited, for CITIC Securities Alpha Leaders Fund have purchased 200,000,000, 27,500,000 and 27,500,000 shares of the Company, respectively, at HK$2.1 per share.
With the introduction of the strategic shareholders, it further enlarges the capital base of the Company, enabling it to more actively pursue future development opportunities.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders for their trust, support and understanding, as well as to all staff for their dedication and diligence.

