Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ), I am pleased to report the results of the Group for the year ended 31 December, 2013.

During the year of 2013, the global economy was relatively stable and a slight decrease in the overall economic growth rate was registered. Under the influence of the international economy and the PRC Government s macro-regulation, the economic growth in the PRC experienced a slowdown and the PRC s GDP growth was 7.7%, being the lowest level within 14 years. In addition, the government has also tightened regulation on medical promotion which has added pressure on the pharmaceutical industry. As the production and operational costs continued to increase, it has further squeezed industry profitability. However, favourable government policies such as expansion of both medical insurance coverage and the basic drugs list in different provinces supported the pharmaceutical industry to grow faster than others. From the data of the National Development and Reform Commission, income from principal operating business in the pharmaceutical industry amounted to approximately RMB2,168.2 billion in 2013, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 17.9%, and the profit also continued to record a relatively high year-on-year increase of approximately 17.6% to reach approximately RMB219.7 billion this year.

During the year under review, new government policies covering tenders, medical insurance and basic medicines were gradually promulgated, which have exerted extra pressure on production costs and the operational environment. In response, all enterprises under the Group have embarked on a number of initiatives which have bolstered our performance. Noteworthy here were the measures aimed at enhancing the quality of management staff to increase working efficiency through training, and strengthening production and quality control schemes to lower production cost. The Group also provided compliance training internally for medicine sales teams to enhance their professional expertise and promotion skills in order to extend the market penetration of our products.
As for medicine production, the Group further upgraded the production lines for its hepatitis and cardio-cerebral medicines. While consolidating its industry-leading position and competitive edge in the above fields, the Group has also actively expanded the respiratory system, oncology and diabetes medicine sectors and has made certain progress in these areas which are expected to become new business growth contributors. During the year under review, the Group has continued to reinforce its leading position in the hepatitis medicine sector, and enhanced the promotion and marketing effort on respiratory system medicines which has gradually expanded the market share and became a new sales growth engine in return. Furthermore, the Group has also allocated more resources for new product development. In 2013, the Group has obtained the first replica production approval to produce dasatinib tablets for treating chronic myeloid leukemia ( CML ) in the PRC. Dasatinib is a multi-target tyrosine kinase inhibitor, which is suitable for adult patients of CML in a chronic phase with resistance or intolerance to prior treatment including imatinib mesylate.

The Group recorded turnover of approximately HK$9,901.20 million during the year under review, an increase of approximately 32.1% against the same period last year. Before and after accounted for unrealized fair value losses(gains) of equity investments at fair value through profit or loss, profit attributable to the Group was approximately HK$1,065.30 million and approximately HK$1,036.76 million, respectively, approximately 24.1% and approximately 16.4% higher than in the same period last year, respectively. Based on the profit attributable to the Group before and after accounted for unrealized fair value losses(gains) of equity investments at fair value through profit or loss, the basic earnings per share were approximately HK21.56 cents and approximately HK20.98 cents, respectively, approximately 24.1% and approximately 16.4% higher than in the same period last year, respectively.
Cash and bank balances totaled approximately HK$2,981.34 
The Group continued to focus on developing specialized medicines where its strengths lie so as to build up its brand as a specialty medicine enterprise. Leveraging on its existing medicine series for treating cardio-cerebral diseases and hepatitis, the Group also actively developed oncology medicines, analgesic medicines, parenteral nutritious medicines, orthopedic medicines, anti-infectious medicines, respiratory system medicines, anorectal medicines and diabetic medicines, 
The outlook for the PRC economy will remain uncertain in 2014. The country has estimated that the economic growth for the year would be 7.5%, similar to 2013. Meanwhile, the PRC pharmaceutical industry is expected to face many uncertainties as well. While the reforms relating to medical system and healthcare institutions have been deepened, more polices are expected to be announced in 2014. Since medicine tendering and price cuts are set to continue, the optimisation of a payment model of medical insurance, cancellation of medicine markups and revision of Drug Administration Law present new challenges for industry players. The new GMP deadline at the end of 2013 caused 523 companies to close down for failure to meet qualifications. However, despite the challenges, the expansion of the basic drugs list, cancellation of the highest retail price of medicines at lower prices and the policy to raise the financial subsidy standards for basic medical insurance of the rural population will create scope for the growth of the pharmaceutical industry. Therefore, there will be both opportunities and challenges within the industry.
The Opinions on Promoting the Development of Health Service Industry issued by the government in 2013 includes a development blueprint providing a market scale of up to RMB8,000 billion. Under this directive the government is encouraging companies, charitable organisations, foundations and insurers to invest in the healthcare service industry via capital injection, action to implement system reform, trusteeship or through public or private operations. The notice specifically requires local governments to implement uniform polices and standards for non-public medical institutions or public medical institutions entering the market. These policies would encompass social insurance, development of key specialties, designation of occupational titles, academic positions, assessment of grades and technology, which would benefit private hospitals.

To summarise, the Group anticipates that there will be both opportunities and challenges facing the PRC pharmaceutical industry in 2014 but that the industry is moving forward to a better overall future.
annual General MeetinG The annual general meeting of the Company will be held on Tuesday, 27 May, 2014 (the AGM ), a notice of which will be published and despatched to the shareholders of the Company as soon as practicable in accordance with the memorandum and articles of association of the Company and the Listing Rules.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders for their trust, support and understanding, as well as to all staff for their dedication and diligence.

