Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ), I am pleased to report the results of the Group for the year ended 31 December, 2012.

The global economy was in turmoil during the year of 2012.
Under the impact of prolonged global economic instability and the PRC Government s macro-economic adjustment, the PRC recorded a GDP growth of less than 8% for the first time in recent years. At the same time, the internal and external operating environment of the pharmaceutical industry also underwent complex change and became more challenging with rising pressures on production costs and thus led to a further reduction on profits. However, benefiting from the double- digit increase of capital investment in the healthcare industry by the PRC Government over the last few years, the segment remained as one of the few industries that recorded sustained rapid growth. In 2012, the market size of the PRC medical industry has reached RMB936.1 billion. According to the published statistics, the pharmaceutical industry grew steadily in 2012. Overall sales income enjoyed a solid increase of 19.8% from January to December, 2012 with a virtually identical rise of 19.8% in total profit.

During the year under review, the Group faced the external and internal operating environment change brought by the Government s macro-economic adjustment, launch of a series of healthcare reform, and rising inflation and production cost pressures. Nevertheless, all enterprises under the Group managed to meet its yearly business target through implementing a wide range of measures to actively tackle the various unfavorable factors. Examples of these measures include strengthening the Group s quality control system, promoting technological and managerial innovations, and imposing stringent management on all production processes, so as to increase output and yield, boost labor productivity, assure product quality and enhance the Group s corporate image. The enterprises under the Group has continued development of strategies in order to strengthen their expertise and competence within their specific market segments and establish a more leading position through utilising the strength of the professional sales team for exploring new markets and increasing market share. The Group has also continued to promote its products professional academic achievements, as well as increase the investment and integration of marketing activities in order to consolidate and enlarge market share and sales coverage of all of its products. Furthermore, the Group s efforts in exploring new sales channels have borne fruit with substantial year-on-year growth in turnover and profit, allowing the Group to sustain rapid yet steady development.
Over the past few years, the Group has strived to focus on brand innovation and bolster the competitiveness of its core business while continuing to increase its investment in research and development ( R&D ) in order to create products which integrate innovation and replicated elements. This direction has upgraded its corporate brand image within the industry. More specifically, during the year under review, a new oncology medicine subutinib maleate developed by JCTT has successfully received clinical approval from the State Food and Drug Administration. Clinical research has commenced on this 
The Group recorded turnover of approximately HK$8,326.66 million during the year under review, an increase of approximately 44% against the same period last year. Before and after accounted for unrealized fair value (gains)losses of equity investments at fair value through profit or loss and related deferred tax, profit attributable to the Group was approximately HK$858.26 million and approximately HK$890.76 million, respectively, approximately 36.4% and approximately 92.5% higher than in the same period last year, respectively. Based on the profit attributable to the Group before and after accounted for unrealized fair value (gains) losses of equity investments at fair value through profit or loss and related deferred tax, the basic earnings per share were approximately HK17.37 cents and approximately HK18.03 cents, respectively, approximately 36.7% and approximately 92.8% higher than in the same period last year, respectively.
Cash and bank balances totaled approximately HK$2,880.19 
The Group continued to focus on developing specialized medicines where its strengths lie so as to build up its brand as a specialty medicine enterprise. Leveraging on its existing medicine series for treating cardio-cerebral diseases and hepatitis, the Group also actively developed oncology medicines, analgesic medicines, diabetic medicines, respiratory system medicines, parenteral nutritious medicines, anorectal medicines and anti-infectious medicines, etc.

Over the past ten years, the pharmaceutical industry in the PRC has experienced rapid growth. The improving economic standard of living in the PRC and the ongoing optimisation of the country s healthcare and medical insurance system would spur a new round of rapid growth in the pharmaceutical industry. In early 2013, the Ministry of Health announced that it would increase the amount of medical fund for this year s new rural cooperation project to RMB270 billion. A total of 20 illnesses including lung cancer and stomach cancer are all covered in this medical insurance scheme for people living in rural areas. This scheme and other similar initiatives are increasing the demand for pharmaceutical products and expanding the scope for further development of the industry.
The pharmaceutical products included in the National Basic Medicines Index newly announced by the Ministry of Health have increased by 60%, it has announced for the first time the proportion of generic medicine utilisation permitted for medical organisations at Grade 2 or above at the beginning of the year. These policies also have the potential to spur explosive growth in the generic medicine market segment.
In view of the improving economic standard of living and healthcare standard in the PRC, the focus of the country s medical and healthcare industry is shifting from treatment to prevention, and, more narrowly, from the prevention of infectious disease to the prevention of chronic disease. Large- scale healthcare industries will quickly become the highlights of the PRC pharmaceutical industry. This will inevitably present challenges to the industry, but it will also generate new development opportunities for high-quality pharmaceutical enterprises which can swiftly adjust their business strategies in response to the shifting development trend in the industry.
Anticipating and preparing for opportunities on top of the challenges ahead, the Group is optimistic about the prospects for long-term growth of the pharmaceutical industry.

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The annual general meeting of the Company will be held on Tuesday, 28 May, 2013 (the AGM ), a notice of which will be published and despatched to the shareholders of the Company as soon as practicable in accordance with the memorandum and articles of association of the Company and the Listing Rules.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders for their trust, support and understanding, as well as to all staff for their dedication and diligence.

