Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ), I am pleased to report a profi table year ended 31 December, 2008 for the Group.

The pharmaceutical industry in the PRC recorded steady development in 2008 despite the challenging environment resulting from the global financial crisis and economic recession. The overall industry maintained stable production and operation. With strong sales activating the market, economic returns continued to improve. The achievement was mainly attributable to major governmental efforts in recent years in strengthening the medical and healthcare system of the country and consolidating a comprehensive medical assurance system. As the growth of the economy continues, coupled with the improvement of the living standard of the PRC population, their consumption over pharmaceutical products has also kept increasing. However, the cost of the industry also increased as a result of a number of external factors.

During the year under review, the Group continued to focus on strengthening its business scope and capability and place utmost importance on ensuring that its products are safe and effective. It also kept on strengthening the management of its sales network and through academic marketing to promote the innovative technologies used in production, thereby enhanced the profi le of the Company and its products. Furthermore, by adopting corporate management for JCTT, which has helped the integration of resources on research and development ( R&D ) of new products and manufacturing and sales channels, the Group was able to improve operational effi ciency and maintained notable growth of its business for the year. The Group s various principal products continued to constitute the 
leading market share in their respective therapeutic segments.
The Group also laid emphasis on the R&D of new products and the protection of intellectual property rights. With our continuous efforts, the new products and their patented rights brought promising returns to the enterprises.
In the past year, the Group has obtained a stable development despite the global financial crisis. The Company not only has not laid off staff, but has continued to recruit suitable employees. Their salaries had also not been reduced but rather increased reasonably according to the market condition.
In 2006, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary CTRC, signed a joint venture agreement with three companies to establish Shaanxi Xinxing Energy Chemical Industry Limited ( SXEC ), which it has 43% interest. SXEC will be engaged in the refi ning of coal to olefi n in Shaanxi, the PRC.
Taking into account the current relatively fl uctuating price of petroleum, using cheaper coal as a new source of material for producing olefi n has strategic value. Since it takes time to assess the impacts on the environment and water resources of such industrial projects, the project is still in the early preparation 
The Group recorded turnover of approximately HK$2,282.21 million during the year, an increase of approximately 96% against the same period last year. Profi t attributable to the Group was approximately HK$297.62 million, approximately 32.7% higher than in the same period last year. Basic earnings per share were approximately HK13.15 cents, representing an increase of approximately 32.7% when compared with the corresponding period last year. Cash and bank balances totaled approximately HK$1,875.01 million.
The Group continued to focus on developing specialized medicines where its strengths lie so as to build up its brand as a specialty medicine enterprise. Leveraging on its existing medicine series for treating hepatitis and cardio-cerebral diseases, the Group also actively developed oncology medicines, analgesic medicines, diabetic medicines and respiratory 
OUTLOOK AND PROSPECT The Group believes the global financial crisis will lead to worldwide economic recession. As for the PRC economy, it will also be facing pressures from both cyclical and structural changes, causing the operating environment of the pharmaceutical industry to be harsh in 2009. However, as the important arena of medical treatment, the pharmaceutical industry will benefi t from the active measures imposed by the government to stimulate the economy and push forward the medical and healthcare system reforms. Despite the pressure exerted from the government regulations and pricing control policy, the PRC pharmaceutical industry will be able to maintain steady growth. Also, the medical reform will inevitably change the pharmaceutical industry bringing to it more intense competition in 2009.
Heeding that trend, enhancing corporate competitiveness and enlarging market share will be the primary tasks of players in the pharmaceutical industry in the coming year.
The Group would still place top focus on quality management of its products in the coming year in order to secure products safety and to safeguard brand competitiveness. Facing the intensifi ed market competition, the Group would continue to strengthen marketing management with the injection of appropriate resources so as to strive for enlarging our market share. It would also quicken the R&D of new products and launch appropriate qualifi ed products to the PRC pharmaceutical market in order to maintain the leading position in its therapeutic segments. Based on its strong foundation and ample capital position, the Group would seek to speed up growth through mergers and acquisitions and restructuring and consolidating its business operations, with the aim of expanding its strength and business scale.
At the coal to olefin business perspective, taking heed of the loomed global financial crisis, the Group will look for opportunities to secure cheaper source of material for producing olefi n. The business is expected to bring stable and promising revenue to the Group and provide a new profi t growth driver of the Group in the long run.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders for their trust, support and understanding, as well as to all staff for their dedication and diligence.

