Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ), I am pleased to report the results of the Group for the year ended 31 December, 2015.

In 2015, the global economy had been undergoing intensive adjustment and lacked the momentum of strong recovery.
With the ongoing transformation of the economic structure in the PRC, the growth in the traditional economic growth model was slowed down with the Gross Domestic Product recorded a year-on-year growth of 6.9% in 2015. Industry reform measures such as the implementation of medical insurance premium requirements, tendering and price reduction and medical administration had adversely affected sales to the hospitals, the principal end-customers of the Group s pharmaceuticals. However, the influence of these policies on the retail and online sales of pharmaceutical products in the overall pharmaceutical industry was virtually unnoticed. Cost pressure faced by pharmaceutical companies continued to rise due to the impact of the medicine testing and reform, quality consistency assessment and GMPGood Supply Practice policies. The growth in income of the pharmaceutical industry during the year was slower compared with the previous year.
As for the overall situation, the growth of aggregate sale of the industry for the year was also substantially lower than last year.

During the year under review, measures such as the implementation of medical insurance premium requirements, tendering and price reduction have posed greater sales pressure on companies lacking core competencies. Riding on the research and development ( R&D ) capabilities accumulated over the years, the Group has embarked on initiatives complementing the country s medical insurance premium policy and increased its efforts in promoting quality clinical necessities, which enabled it to achieve growth in sales and profits far exceeding the industry average. Among the product sales, Hepatitis medicines including Runzhong and Tianqingganmei maintained stable growth; the new product Tianding registered explosive growth during the year; cardio-cerebral medicines including Tuotuo and Beraprost Sodium have become the new growth drivers of the medicine category; oncology medicines including Qingweike, Gelike, Yinishu and Shoufu showed rapid growth and contributed to the expanding market share; Flurbiprofen cataplasms (high quality dosage form) recorded quick and strong sales growth riding on its increasingly prominent presence in the analgesic and anti-inflammatory field. Among other medicine types, respiratory system medicine Tianqingsule inhalation powder showed higher growth. The Group s subsidiary, CT Tianqing, attained a higher ranking and successfully entered the list of the top 20 in the List of the Top 100 Enterprises in the PRC Pharmaceutical Industry for 2014 issued by the Pharmaceutical Industry Information Centre of PRC.
The Group values talent and has focused on investment in R&D over the years. This constant pursuit has enabled it to demonstrate stronger competitive advantages even as the PRC continues to raise approval and management standards.

In addition to further increasing its investment in R&D, the Group has also actively explored and extended multilateral cooperation with domestic and overseas pharmaceutical companies, R&D institutes and pharmaceutical academic institutions in the areas of products, technology introduction and transfer as well as joint R&D. The Group s subsidiary CT Tianqing has entered into an exclusive license agreement with Janssen Pharmaceuticals Inc. ( Janssen ), a company under Johnson & Johnson in the US, pursuant to which the international development license outside the PRC of a potential new medicine for the treatment of hepatitis has been granted to Janssen, from which the Group may receive an upfront payment and milestone payments amounting to a maximum of US$253 million (approximately RMB1.6 billion) in total, and royalty payments after the medicine is launched on the market.
On the investment side, the Group has continuously focused on seeking for the investment opportunities in enlarged healthcare fields including pharmaceuticals and treatments.
The Group recorded revenue of approximately HK$14,550.23 million during the year under review, an increase of approximately 17.5% over last year. Before and after accounted for unrealized fair value gains and losses of equity investments and financial assets, profit attributable to the Group was approximately HK$1,772.70 million and approximately HK$1,778.69 million, respectively, approximately 20.0% and approximately 17.5% higher than that of last year, respectively.
Based on the profit attributable to the Group before and after accounted for unrealized fair value gains and losses of equity investments and financial assets, the basic earnings per share were approximately HK33.83 cents and approximately HK33.95 cents, respectively, approximately 13.1% and approximately 10.9% higher than that of last year, respectively.
Cash and bank balances totaled approximately HK$2,711.06 
The Group continues to focus on developing specialized medicines where its strengths lie so as to build up its brand in specialist therapeutic areas. Leveraging on its existing medicine series for treating hepatitis and cardio-cerebral diseases, the Group also actively develops oncology medicines, analgesic medicines, orthopedic medicines, anti-infectious medicines, parenteral nutritious medicines, respiratory system medicines, anorectal medicines and diabetic medicines, etc.

Looking to 2016, structure changes in the industry will continue, driven by the structural adjustment in the domestic economy and structural reform in the supply side. The PRC will also raise its requirements in environmental protection.
Deepening reform in public hospitals and the introduction of hierarchical medical systems have also added challenges to the marketing efforts of pharmaceutical companies. More products will face the possibility of price reduction along with the implementation of a new round of tendering in many provinces. The country has also raised the standards in new medicine approvals in order to improve product quality. This move will also gradually eliminate companies lacking core competitiveness and lead to a more healthy development in the industry. The country s supportive policies to integrate pharmaceuticals and treatment with internet technology have also created new development opportunities for the industry.
The Group expects the income from the pharmaceutical industry will continue to experience slower growth in 2016.
In spite of this, companies with core competitiveness will be presented with development opportunities across various aspects of their businesses. The Group will endeavor to maintain a leadership position in pharmaceuticals with its growth exceeding that of the industry.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders for their trust, support and understanding, as well as to all staff for their dedication and diligence.

