Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ), I am pleased to report a profi table year ended 31 December, 2011 for the Group.

The year 2011 is the first year of China s Twelfth Five- Year Plan and the final year of the three-year medical reform scheme launched by the PRC Government. As the national medical system reform ( medical reform ) policies have further deepened, its influence on the development of the pharmaceutical industry has significantly increased. Among the consequences, the medical reform has created greater investment in the pharmaceutical industry and expansion of the coverage of basic medical insurance to cover 1.3 billion urban and rural citizens. Besides, such a policy has established the framework of an insurance system which in turn will enhance the development of the pharmaceutical industry. Meanwhile, under the new medical reform policy, mechanisms were also launched to regulate the pharmaceutical industry, including set up tender system for medical insurance and generic medicines, the prices of medicines, the use of medicines in hospitals and the abusive usage of antibiotics. The net effect of these mechanisms resulted in more intense competition within the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry. In addition, the mandatory implementation of the new GMP, the rapid increase in the cost of raw materials and labour and the change in tax policy have led to a reduction of growth of after tax profit. In fact, income growth within the pharmaceutical industry has slowed down during the year under review with the drop in profits of the industry outpacing the increase in 
During the year under review, the Group continued to strengthen its core competitiveness. Through closer management of its subsidiaries, the Group promoted its management to advance both its strategy as well as upgrade its technology competence and research and development ( R&D ) capability. At the same time, it strived to further enhance its brand image which was aided by those efforts. As a result of these improvements, the small volume injection and solid dosage produced at JCTT and Beijing Tide received the new GMP certification among thousands of pharmaceutical factories during the year. At the sales perspective, thanks in part to the dedicated efforts of the specialized marketing team to consolidate the Group s market share, the sales performance achieved an impressive increase in comparison with the previous year. As part of its strategy to expand through investment, the Group completed the acquisition of Shaoyang Hospital in Hunan Province successfully during the year under review. It is the largest orthopedic specialty hospital in Hunan Province with many several individual departments for different practices and advanced diagnostic and treatment equipment. Through its experience in the investment and management of Shaoyang Hospital, the Group has also explored the prospects of assisting public hospitals to implement reform and working with distinguished specialized hospitals which possess outstanding medical technology and respected expertise and which demonstrate great potential. The Group has thus strategically tapped into the public healthcare related medical services business, which it believes is complementary to its pharmaceuticals business and will further enhance its business development.

The Group recorded turnover of approximately HK$5,782.34 million during the year under review, an increase of approximately 41.5% against the same period last year. Before and after accounting for fair value losses(gains) of equity investments at fair value through profit or loss and related deferred tax, profit attributable to the Group was approximately HK$629.20 million and HK$462.80 million, respectively, approximately 46.7% higher and approximately 18.4% lower than in the same period last year, respectively. Based on profit attributable to the group before and after accounting for fair value losses(gains) of equity investments at fair value through profit or loss and related deferred tax, the basic earnings per share were approximately HK12.71 cents and approximately HK9.35 cents, respectively, approximately 43.8% higher and approximately 19.9% lower than in the same period last year, respectively. Cash and bank balances totaled approximately 
The Group continued to focus on developing specialized medicines where its strengths lie so as to build up its brand as a specialty medicine enterprise. Leveraging on its existing medicine series for treating cardio-cerebral diseases and hepatitis, the Group also actively developed oncology medicines, analgesic medicines, diabetic medicines, respiratory system medicines and digestive system 
OUTLOOK AND PROSPECT The year 2012 will be a year with challenges overhanging over the pharmaceutical industry. The implementation of reform measures and related initiatives by the Government will influence different aspects of the pharmaceutical industry. Currently, many uncertainties linger in the domestic medical reform policy including standardization of medical products as well as medical administrative measures. As a result, a strong regulatory authority over medical insurance premium may become a fundamental focus of the policy.
The pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises on one hand, have to compete under an environment in which the Government continues to adjust prices downward and the carrying out of tenders of generic medicines under low prices. On the other hand, industry players have to invest tremendously in order to pass the new GMP certification. Faced with these pressures, the Group believes that 2012 will be a year of adjustment for the pharmaceutical industry which is set to undergo transformation and an upgrade in its professionalism. Growth of the pharmaceutical industry may slow down and the increasing competition within the industry may further intensify, which makes a consolidation of pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises all but certain in the coming three years. However, a number of favourable factors indicate that the pharmaceutical industry shall still undergo stronger growth in the future. These include the rapidly aging population and rising standard of living in the PRC, the efforts of the Government to establish a basic medical and health care system both covering urban and rural citizens and offering better medical protection, and greater investment in the pharmaceutical industry. Thus, the Group remains optimistic about the long term development prospects of 
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The annual general meeting of the Company will be held on Monday, 28 May, 2012 (the AGM ), a notice of which will be published and despatched to the shareholders of the Company as soon as practicable in accordance with the memorandum and articles of association of the Company and the Listing Rules.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders for their trust, support and understanding, as well as to all staff for their dedication and diligence.

