Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ), I am pleased to report the results of the Group for the year ended 31 December, 2014.

In 2014, as the global economic growth remained weak, China continued to transform its economic structure and optimise quality of its products and businesses. Against this backdrop, the PRC macro-economy has begun a New Norm and recorded a slower growth with Gross Domestic Product growth rate of 7.4% in 2014. Meanwhile, the growth of the pharmaceutical industry has also started to slow down after several years of rapid expansion. Affected by the above factors, the export of pharmaceutical products was weak.
At the same time, the Chinese government has tapered the financial subsidies to the pharmaceutical industry, more strictly regulated price of medicines, medical insurance premiums and launched an anti-corruption campaign, while the hospitals, the important end-customers of the Group s pharmaceuticals, experienced slower growth momentum. The recent GMP Good Supply Practice reform has also presented added challenges to cost controls of the pharmaceutical industry.
The saturated retail pharmaceutical landscape and the keen competition also led to lower growth and in year 2014, both income and profit growth of the PRC pharmaceutical industry were about 13%.

During the year under review, the constant introduction of policies on strengthening medical reform and the more stringent medical insurance premium requirements have presented significant challenges to pharmaceutical operations.
Nevertheless, the Group has managed to maintain higher growth in business performance through careful analysis of, and proactively responding to, new policies, enhancing operating efficiency and allocating more resources to new product development. In the hepatitis and cardio-cerebral medicines categories where the Group has a strong competitive edge, the new products such as Maleicacid Entecavir capsules and Rosuvastatin Calcium tablets have registered solid growth and become new growth drivers. At the same time, the Group has continued to increase its competitive advantage in analgesics and orthopedic medicines such as Flurbiprofen Axetil injection, Flurbiprofen Cataplasms, ossified triol capsules and Glucosamine Hydrochloride tablets. In the oncology category, the Group has provided a more comprehensive product range adding a number of products. The sales of new products such as Imatinib Mesylate capsules, Dasatinib tablets and Decitabine for injections have rapidly increased after their debut. As for respiratory products, the Group s share in the market for Tiotropium Bromide inhalation powder has continued to rise.
To expand its industry leading edge, the Group has placed a top priority on investment in research and development ( R&D ) and its R&D has achieved solid progress in creating new pharmaceuticals. During the year under review, the Group has obtained production approvals on oncology products such as Capecitabine tablets and Oxaliplatin for injections and cardio-cerebral medicines such as Olmesartan Medoxomil tablets and Milrinone and Glucose injections.

Apart from focus on the existing pharmaceutical business, the Group will closely pay attention to the governmental and regional policies over the encouragement of the establishment of pharmaceutical enterprises and the provision of medical services through internet. We will also actively seek for valuable 
The Group recorded turnover of approximately HK$12,378.35 million during the year under review, an increase of approximately 25% against the same period last year. Before and after accounted for unrealized fair value (gains)losses of equity investments at fair value through profit or loss, profit attributable to the Group was approximately HK$1,477.53 million and approximately HK$1,513.21 million, respectively, approximately 38.7% and approximately 46% higher than in the same period last year, respectively. Based on the profit attributable to the Group before and after accounted for unrealized fair value (gains)losses of equity investments at fair value through profit or loss, the basic earnings per share were approximately HK29.90 cents and approximately HK30.62 cents, respectively, approximately 38.7% and approximately 45.9% higher than in the same period last year, respectively.
Cash and bank balances totaled approximately HK$4,468.33 
The Group continued to focus on developing specialized medicines where its strengths lie so as to build up its brand as a specialty medicine enterprise. Leveraging on its existing medicine series for treating hepatitis and cardio-cerebral diseases, the Group also actively developed oncology medicines, analgesic medicines, orthopedic medicines, parenteral nutritious medicines, anti-infectious medicines, respiratory system medicines, anorectal medicines and diabetic medicines, 
The year 2015 is a critical year for the PRC to further implement its economic reforms. The domestic conditions and overseas environment faced by the PRC economy remain difficult, thus stable growth and structural adjustments will continue to be the key features of the macro-economy.
Besides, year 2015 will be a year when open tenders become increasingly prevalent. Pharmaceutical enterprises will therefore inevitably face the risk of price cuts. The gap in medical insurance funding will also become a key issue to be faced by the medical reform and pharmaceutical industry in the PRC.
Furthermore, the pharmaceutical industry may continue to experience a slowdown in growth as competition intensifies and the industry itself consolidates. On the other hand, with the continuous progress of medical reform and the promotion of major health industry policies, the current issues faced by the less established PRC healthcare protection system and resource deficiencies in the healthcare services will also gradually improve. These changes will also result in the emergence of various sub-segments and related investment opportunities in the healthcare services and mobile medical services. The government s supportive policies regarding liberalisation of the pricing of medicines and encouragement to e-commerce operators of pharmaceuticals, have also presented new development opportunities to forward-looking pharmaceutical enterprises. The simplified policies and empowerment of end- customers such as healthcare services providers and consumers has provided more room for development for those enterprises with sound business fundamentals and innovative products.

The Group believes that 2015 will remain a year of adjustments but will also present new development opportunities for the PRC pharmaceutical industry.
2015 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The annual general meeting of the Company will be held on Tuesday, 2 June 2015 ( 2015 AGM ), a notice of which will be published and despatched to the shareholders of the Company in due course in accordance with the memorandum and articles of association of the Company and the Listing 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders for their trust, support and understanding, as well as to all staff for their dedication and diligence.

