CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
COSCO SHIPPING Ports has
adopted as its new motto “The
Ports For ALL”. Our vision is to
build a global port network,
working towards a synergistic
platform that offers mutual
benefits for the entire shipping
industry, connecting global
routes to become truly “the
ports for all people”.
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors (“Board”) of the
Company, I am pleased to report to you the Company’s
final results for 2016 and to outline our development
strategy for the future.
In 2016, the Group’s profit attributable to equity
holders decreased by 42.5% to US$247,031,000 (2015:
US$429,313,000). Earnings per share were US8.30 cents
(2015: US14.58 cents), a 43.1% decrease when compared
with last year. Excluding discontinued business, the profit
attributable to equity holders of the Company dropped
32.3% to US$180,937,000 (2015: US$267,312,000).
The Board is recommending a final dividend of HK7.8 cents
per share (2015: HK22.9 cents). This is a cash distribution
with a scrip dividend alternative. Excluding the conditional
special cash dividend of HK80.0 cents per share that was
distributed in 2016, the full-year interim and final dividend
will be HK25.8 cents (2015: HK40.2 cents), with the payout
ratio at 40.0% (2015: not applicable Note). The Board regards
a stable payout ratio and steady implementation of longterm
business development plans as key commitments to
shareholders. The Group will continue to make good use
of our capital, to ensure sustainable development of our business, creating and enhancing value for shareholders on
a continuous basis.
Note: According to 2015 annual report, the 2015 payout ratio was
40.0% (before restatement).
Moving Forward, Embracing
Change
The year 2016 was an important milestone for the Group.
I wish to thank our shareholders for their trust and support,
as a result of which the Group’s reorganisation proposal was
approved on 1 February by a large majority of independent
shareholders. The reorganisation was completed in March
and the Company was successfully transformed into a pure
terminals operator, with an enlarged global network.
On 22 July, the Company changed its name to COSCO
SHIPPING Ports Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING Ports”). The
new name not only reflects the Company’s strategic goals
and more focused business, but also highlights the Group’s
synergies with its parent company. On the back of this
reorganisation, the Group studied the external environment
and its own strengths in order to devise a new strategic
development plan for its long-term growth. This has
brought a new growth momentum to COSCO SHIPPING
Ports, enabling us to aim higher and further.
“The Ports For ALL”
In the past few years, the global shipping market has
witnessed sluggish growth and intense competition. Some
large shipping companies have even collapsed, while the
operating environment has become highly complex. Against
this backdrop, there has emerged a new trend of shipping
companies forming strategic alliances and these have a
growing voice in the global shipping industry. Given these
circumstances, port and terminal operators must respond
to changes in the business environment much more actively
than before, and the importance of maintaining long-term,
trusting and synergistic relationships with the shipping
alliances cannot be neglected. COSCO SHIPPING Ports enjoys
unique advantages from its parent, which has the world’s
fourth largest container fleet and is a member of the OCEAN
Alliance. The relationship means we enjoy a steady source of
business and have a strong competitive edge in uncovering
and bidding for investment opportunities. This represents a
powerful backing for the Group’s future development.
The shipping alliances are large in scale and have huge
market share, with operations on a global basis. In light of
this, COSCO SHIPPING Ports has adopted as its new motto
“The Ports For ALL”. Our vision is to build a global port
network, working towards a synergistic platform that offers
mutual benefits for the entire shipping industry, connecting
global routes to become truly “the ports for all people”.
The Ports For ALL is not merely an idea. It defines COSCO
SHIPPING Ports as a responsible participant in this
transitional era, working for its long-term development
and promoting win-win outcomes for all in the port and
shipping industry.
Guided by the philosophy embodied in “The Ports For
ALL”, COSCO SHIPPING Ports is committed to making itself
responsible to all stakeholders. Since 2015, we have been
publishing sustainability reports annually, disclosing the
Company’s efforts with regards to sustainability as well as
other related information. This year, we have expanded
the survey of our stakeholders to gain a better appreciation
of their concerns. Through continuous monitoring,
measurement and disclosure, we are enhancing our
transparency as a company.
Three Strategies for
Even Greater Success
The new strategic development plan devised by COSCO
SHIPPING Ports will enhance the Company’s competitiveness
in three ways:
1. Developing a global terminals portfolio: actively seeking
terminal assets on a global basis that offer good
intrinsic value and long-term returns, so as to develop a
comprehensive, well-balanced global terminals network.
2. Fully exploit the synergies with the container fleet of
parent company COSCO SHIPPING and the OCEAN
Alliance: fully exploiting the dominance arising
from COSCO SHIPPING’s container fleet and seizing
significant market share within the OCEAN Alliance.
3. Strengthening control and management of the ports
and terminals business: further integrating our existing
terminals portfolio and increasing the value of these
investments through building controlling stakes;
increasing our influence in entire ports through equity
investments in port groups; and adopting a unified
management and information system to integrate
terminal operations.
Pursuing New Goals
In the coming five years, COSCO SHIPPING Ports will
adhere to its development philosophy of “The Ports For
ALL” and implement the three strategies in stages. We
believe that successful implementation of these strategies
will enhance the quality of the Group’s terminal assets and
their management efficiency, providing global shipping
companies and the shipping alliances with value-added
services of higher quality and broader scope. On this basis,
COSCO SHIPPING Ports will maximise its unique competitive
advantages. Seizing the development opportunities offered
by China’s “One Belt, One Road” policy, we will strive to
increase our market share, with the aim of becoming the
world’s leading terminals operator, achieve sustainability
in our business and enhance our overall profitability and
shareholder returns.
I have been honoured to serve as COSCO SHIPPING
Ports’ Chairman during 2016 and to witness the Group’s
transformation and development. Over the past year, the
Group has completed its reorganisation as well as several
mergers and acquisitions, and has successfully laid out
and begun implementing its new strategic plan. These
achievements have been made possible by the trust of our
shareholders and the dedicated efforts of our staff at every
level of the organisation. On behalf of the Board, I would
like to express my heartfelt gratitude to every one of you for
your support for COSCO SHIPPING Ports. We shall continue
to work together and deliver results, enabling COSCO
SHIPPING Ports to reach higher and further.
HUANG Xiaowen
Chairman
28 March 2017