Chairman’s Statement
Dear shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors of BYD Company Limited (“BYD”
or the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the
“Group”), I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the year
ended 31 December 2016 (the “Year”).
2016 is the first year of China’s “13th Five-Year Plan” and China’s
economic development entered the “new normal”. Focusing on
promoting the supply-side structural reforms, the Central Government
put fostering strategic emerging industries in a more outstanding
position in economic and social development. During the Year,
benefiting from purchase tax concessions policy, the production and
sales of passenger vehicles hit record high again and SUV is still the
main growth driver for China’s automobile market. Affected by the
fraud investigations and changes of policies, growth of new energy
automobile industry slowed down during the Year, and nevertheless, it
still attained relatively rapid growth. As for the handset industry, China’s
branded smartphone shipments remained strong. With an increasingly
mature manufacturing technology of metal parts, its cost was declining
and remained to lead the trend of the industry. As for the rechargeable
battery industry, the market for traditional batteries is still developing
steadily. With a declining module cost, the development pace of
distributed photovoltaic industry clearly accelerated and photovoltaic
industry showed a continuous recovery, but the market competition is
still fierce.
Against this backdrop, turnover of the Group increased by 29.11% to
RMB100,208 million during the Year. Profit attributable to owners of the
parent company increased by 78.94% to RMB5,052 million. Earnings
per share were RMB1.88. The Board recommended the payment of
final dividends of RMB0.178 per share (tax inclusive) for the year ended
31 December 2016.
During the Year, BYD proactively rushed forward the development of the
new energy automobile business, and maintained its leading position in the
world’s new energy automobiles field, topping the global market again in
terms of sales volume. Of which, the Group’s plug-in hybrid vehicle model
“Tang” ranked first in terms of sales of China’s new energy automobiles.
The vehicle models “Qin EV300” and “e5” received overwhelming response
from consumers once launched and became the leading models in Beijing
market. In respect of traditional automobile business, the Group’s first
small-sized SUV model “Yuan” which was launched in April, improved the
Group’s SUV product line. The “matchless edition” of “Song”, launched in
September 2016, has recorded monthly sales of over 10,000 units for three
consecutive months. The impressive sales of SUV models, provided driving
force for the continuous improvement in the Group’s traditional automobile
product structure.
During the Year, the straddle monorail “Skyrail” for which the Group
spent 5 years for its research and development was officially launched.
In addition, the first “Skyrail” line with proprietary intellectual property
right, was completed and commenced operation, which marked BYD’s
official entry into the urban rail transportation industry. “Skyrail”, as
part of the multilevel transportation system, has an exclusive road
right similar to metro and is capable for high-speed mass transit with
construction cost and conditions significantly lower than metro, and
therefore, it can bring good social and economic benefits, and play
a significant role in improving urban traffic situation. The launch of
“Skyrail” not only can solve the growing urban traffic problem, but also
help the Group realize a layout of public transportation with a multilevel
coverage from the ground to the air, thus bringing the Group to a new
blue ocean and creating new opportunities for the long-term growth of
the Group.
As for the handset component and assembly business, leveraging on
rich experience, leading technology and well-developed techniques
accumulated in metal parts area, the Group continued to maintain close
cooperation with leading handset manufacturers at home and abroad
and actively sought business from new clients. The metal parts business
maintained its fast growth during the Year, making a decent contribution
to the profit of the Group. In the rechargeable battery business,
traditional battery business maintained stable development, while
photovoltaic business achieved rapid growth in revenue but continued
certain losses.
During the Year, the Group completed the non-public offering of A
shares and raised total funds of about RMB14.473 billion with strategic
investment from SDIC Advanced Manufacturing Industry Investment
Fund (國投先進製造產業投資基金) and Samsung Group, thus
the capital strength of the Group was greatly enhanced, and sufficient
fund was provided for the Group’s future development. Meanwhile,
in order to protect the upstream supply of key resources for new
energy automobile power batteries, the Group signed a “Cooperative
Framework Agreement on the Exploitation of Lithium Resources in Salt
Lake” with Qinghai Salt Lake Industry Co., Ltd. (青海鹽湖工業股
份有限公司) during the Year, pursuant to which, the parties have
agreed to set up a joint venture in Qinghai engaging in the development,
processing and sales of lithium resources in the Salt Lake, by which the
Group realized its layout regarding the upstream industry chain of its
new energy automobiles.
Looking into 2017, BYD will make additional investments to expand
production capacity, improve product competitiveness, accelerate
research and development and launch more new models with the
aim of satisfying the market’s growing demand. Currently, as the
construction of rail transportation has been included into major
development projects by the “13th Five-year Plan” in several provinces
and municipalities, the Group will focus on developing low-carbon and
green “Skyrail” and strive to cooperate with more cities in China to cope
with the increasingly severe traffic problems in cities.
In the handset component and assembly business, the Group will
continue to make efforts to develop its metal parts business and also
actively seek business from new customers at home and abroad to
establish a more diverse customers base. In respect of the application
of new materials, the Group will focus on developing technology
and techniques related to 3D glass, enhancing product yield rate
and expanding product capacity, in order to be well-prepared for
the customers’ diversified product needs in the future and achieve
sustainable development of its handset component and assembly
business. For the business of rechargeable batteries, the Group will
continue to maintain the stable development of its traditional battery
business, while actively expanding the domestic and international 
photovoltaic and energy storage markets, with a view to promoting the
development of photovoltaic business and energy storage business, and
striving to increase the revenue and profitability.
New energy automobiles and “Skyrail” are the key strategic
development directions of BYD in the future, and through new
energy automobiles and “Skyrail”, BYD will provide cities with a
comprehensive solution from addressing pollution to traffic congestion.
BYD is committed to solving the problem of air pollution and traffic
congestion commonly found in cities, with an aim to keep improving
the living environment of cities while achieving continuous growth of
BYD. On behalf of BYD, I would like to express sincere gratitude to our
customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their
support and trust in the Group. I also give my heartful thanks to all the
staff members for their loyalty, hard work and professionalism in the
past year. BYD will continue to expedite the development of all of its
businesses and focus on maximizing returns for shareholders.
Wang Chuan-fu
Chairman
Shenzhen, the PRC, 28 March 2017