Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of BYD Company Limited ( BYD or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ), I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2014 (the Year ).
In 2014, China s economic growth slowed down and hit the lowest level in over two decades. This, coupled with the fierce market competition, a change in policy on subsidies for energy-efficient automobiles and restriction of purchase and use of vehicles, caused the growth of the traditional automobile market to decelerate significantly. By contrast, the new energy vehicle market recorded explosive growth in the past year as it benefitted from the government s favourable policies, enriched product offerings and technological advancement. Meanwhile, the consistent momentum in the growth of the smartphone market bolstered the development of the handset component and assembly industry. Notably, metal casings market share grew bigger because of its outstanding texture and performance. For the rechargeable battery industry, the market for traditional batteries industry realized steady development but the photovoltaic market remained depressed because Europe and the United States were conducting antidumping and countervailing duty investigations and that the performance of the domestic market fell short of expectations.
Against this backdrop, turnover of the Group increased by 11.25% to RMB55,366 million during the Year. Profit attributable to owners of the parent Company decreased by 21.61% to RMB434 million. Earnings per share were RMB0.18. The Board of Directors does not recommend payment of dividend.
BYD is a pioneer in research, development and promotion of new energy vehicles. During the Year, the Group continued to focus on the promotion of Qin (y). Qin (y), which is a plug-in hybrid vehicle featuring electricity for trips and gasoline for journeys , promptly become the best seller of the year because of its outstanding functional performance and fashionable design. In addition, we have received a satisfactory level of orders for DENZA , the pure electric vehicle jointly launched by the Company and Daimler. In its drive to electrify public transportation, the Group actively promoted the application of pure electric buses and taxis in China and overseas markets. Currently, the Group s pure electric public transportation network covers over 10 cities in China, and over 30 countries and regions around the world. As 
for its traditional automobile business, the Group recorded decreases in both sales volume and income due to the unfavourable operating environment. However, the Group actively capitalized on the rapid emergence of local brands in the sport utility vehicle (SUV) market by launching S7, a high-end SUV model, and recorded satisfactory sales performance, while the sales of its S6 model continued to be hot.
As for the handset component and assembly business, the scope of the applications of the Group s self-developed plastic-metal hybrid technology (PMH) widened, enabling the Group to secure contracts from domestic and overseas handset companies to produce a number of their high-end flagship models of handsets. The Group also obtained sizeable production contracts from its major clients, thus further enhancing its client mix and sales income. Its original design manufacturing (ODM) business took advantage of the active promotion of new models by the international brand owners, as evidenced by the rapid growth in their orders for the Group s smartphones, tablets and other mobile intelligent terminals during the Year.
In its rechargeable battery and photovoltaic business, the Group continued to increase the energy density of lithium ferrous phosphate ( LFP ) batteries while lowering the cost. At the same time, it strived to develop new types of batteries with higher energy density, with a view to increasing the mileage and the overall competitive advantages of its new energy vehicles. The businesses of lithium-ion batteries and nickel batteries dropped during the Year. As for solar energy business, the market competition is still fierce which caused a decline in the products prices. Despite the Group s effort to expedite the market expansion and actively seek to expand its sales, the solar energy business still recorded a significant loss during the Year.
In 2015, the new energy vehicle industry, as one of China s important approaches to improve energy efficiency and reduce carbon emissions, strengthen national energy security and transform and enhance industrial structure, has been elevated to the national strategy level and can look forward to invaluable opportunities for rapid development. The Group will further enrich its offering of new energy vehicles, expedite the overall arrangement throughput the value chain of its new energy vehicle business and in different market segments so as to consolidate and reinforce its leading technologies and solidify its market leadership.
By seizing the unprecedented opportunities brought about by the exponential growth in the industry, the Group will strive to make great leap forward at its new energy vehicle business.

The handset component and assembly business is set to benefit from the strong growth in the smartphones which will be driven by the rising popularity of mobile Internet and the communication technology upgrades. As a leading supplier of handset component and assembly service in the world, the Group will continue to solidify and strengthen its cooperation with leading handset brand manufacturers in both the domestic and overseas markets, and actively secure orders of more competitive new models from them to produce high-end consumer electronics so as to increase the contribution from that business to its income and profit.
The Group s rechargeable battery and photovoltaic business will capitalize on the rapid development of the new energy vehicle industry by stepping up its effort in research and development, enhancing the performance of LFP batteries and actively expanding the LFP battery production capacity. Its solar energy business will strive for a breakeven by continuously stepping up its effort in market development and pressing on with its cost-control measures.
BYD will remain committed to the social responsibility that lies in the heart of its corporate spirit. It will contribute to the world s environmental protection by trying to realize its three green energy dreams, namely new energy vehicles, solar power station and energy storage station. On behalf of BYD, I would like to express gratitude to our customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their support and trust in the Group and all the staff members for their diligence in the past year. BYD will continue to expedite the development of all its businesses and focus on maximizing returns to 
Shenzhen, the PRC, 27 March 2015 