Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of BYD Company Limited ( BYD or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ), I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2012 (the reporting 
Year 2012 was the Tenth Anniversary of the Group s initial listing and brought special meaning to the Group. On review over the past ten years, the Group experienced periods of highly rapid growth as well as challenging periods with lackluster results. For a technological company founded on the development philosophy of Technology-Based and Innovation-oriented , we have all along been pursuing for innovative technologies persistently. However, beyond technology, the Group also summed up past experience continuously to pursue sustainable growth. BYD entered into an adjustment period lasting for three years since 2010. Through our endeavors during these three years, the Group made a series of breakthroughs in the areas of electric vehicle technology, automobile powertrain and automobile electronics, and achieved all-round improvements in the fields of quality control, sales channel and brand image. During this 3-year adjustment period, the Group insisted to pursue growth under its national self-owned brand focusing on technology, quality and responsibility with unwavering determination.
Reviewing 2012, the global economy was shadowed by uncertainties, while various industries were faced with challenges. Under the impact of slower economic growth, the automobile industry in the PRC remains weak. However, the Group still managed to generate slight growth in revenue from the automobile business during the year through continuous improvements in product mix.
The handset components and assembly business, which was affected by the decline in sales of the major customer, intensive market competition and rising costs, would still be facing a challenging environment during the year. Nevertheless, the Group still continued to optimize customer structure to attrack orders from new customers actively. For rechargeable battery operations, the businesses of traditional batteries was relatively stable, while the solar energy business was under great pressure due to the sluggish photovoltaic industry, resulting in considerable adverse effect on the overall results of the Group.
During the year under review, turnover of the Group reduced by 4.17% to RMB44,381 million. Profit attributable to owners of the parent was RMB81 million with earnings per share at RMB0.03. The Board of Directors did not recommend the distribution of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2012.
The accumulation of technologies and stabilization of quality by the Group over the years created classic models for BYD automobiles again. Apart from the popular first SUV model S6 and two sedan models G6 and L3, the Group launched Speed (), the world s first car model equipped with remote control driving technology, during the year and received popular response from consumers with excellent sales results of over 10,000 per month after being launched for three months. In addition to traditional automobile business, the Group s new energy automobile business also made encouraging progress during the year. With the success of turning Shenzhen into a world leading city in the electric powered public transport sector, the Group s purely electric powered bus model K9 and the purely electric powered taxi model e6 demonstrated their operations in the cities of Changsha, Xi an, Shaoguan and Baoji for penetrating into the nationwide urban market gradually. The environmental friendly, economical and stable characteristics of the Group s electric automobiles were beyond doubt. E6 was even selected as the pilot model for the pilot demonstration project of new energy powered official automobiles used by central government authorities and drove into Zhongnanhai, and its quality was highly recognized by the State government.
For handset components and assembly business, the major customer of the Group required some time for its transformation. While providing support to the major customer, the Group was also actively identifying new customers among other emerging smart phone handset manufacturers and supplied new products. Meanwhile, by leveraging on the long-term accumulation of technologies in the areas of handset components and assembly, the Group expanded actively into the markets for tablet and notebook computers, with a view to broaden the sources of income and bring new forces of growth to the Group.
In 2012, the operating environment of the photovoltaic industry was extremely difficult. European and U.S. markets both implemented anti-subsidy and anti-dumping investigations into photovoltaic enterprises of the PRC. The global photovoltaic market was in serious imbalance in supply and demand, with product prices kept on falling, losses were incurred in general across the industry. Therefore, the solar energy business of the Group was under great pressure during the year. But fortunately, losses were narrowed down gradually after the Group increased its market expansion efforts and adopted appropriate cost control measures.
2013 will be the year of beginning the Second Take-off of BYD. By relying on the comprehensive improvements in the areas of technology, quality, channels and branding, we believe BYD will be heading for continuous soaring growth. In 2013, the Speed model will continue hot sales and a number of new models, including the middle class model Sirui (), the dual mode electric automobile model Qin (y) and the modified S6 model, will be launched into the markets consecutively. Moreover, with rising demand for environmental protection and increasing supportive efforts on policies, as well as the gradual promotion of the Zero dollar car purchase, zero cost and zero emission proposal between the Group and China Development Bank, the Group is expected to achieve explosive growth in the pure electric powered automobile market of the public transport sector.

For handset components and assembly business, facing the enormous opportunities from market transformation, the Group will strive to secure more orders from smart phones and related high-end consumer electronics to increase the market share in smart mobile terminals for further expanding the sources of income.
For rechargeable battery business, the PRC government has launched supporting policies for the solar energy business. The Group expects that prices of photovoltaic products will be gradually stabilized under rebounding demand and consumption of inventories, and the most difficult moment of the photovoltaic industry will be over soon. The Group will continue to increase the market expansion efforts and adhere to the cost control measures in order to minimize losses incurred by the solar energy business and capture further opportunities from the consolidation and recovery of the photovoltaic market in future.
Undertaking its responsibilities as a good corporate citizen is a corporate culture of all the staff members of BYD. BYD will be committed to the social responsibilities that lie in the heart of corporate spirit, persist in giving back to the society and realize energy conservation and emission reduction through the development of new energy and new energy vehicle businesses in order to contribute efforts to the social development of the world that it deserves.
Finally, on behalf of BYD, I would like to express gratitude to our loyal customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their support and trust in the Group and all the staff members who have been alongside with and made contribution to the Group in the past year. BYD will continue to promote the development of all business areas and focus on maximizing returns for shareholders.

Shenzhen, the PRC, 22 March 2013 