Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of BYD Company Limited ( BYD or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ), I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2009 (the Year ).
Having weathered the global financial tsunami, the global economy is on its way of recovery in 2009. China s economy has recovered at a faster pace compared to other countries, creating a respectable operating environment for businesses reliant on the Chinese economy. During the Year under review, the overall business performance of the Group was satisfactory. The performance of China s automobile market was outstanding. Leveraging on the vertical integration model that has created a sustainable price comparative advantage, the automobile business achieved robust results during the year and has become a major source of income and profit of the Group. The Group s rechargeable battery business and the handset components and assembly services remained stable despite the sluggish handset market. For the year of 2009, turnover of the Group was approximately RMB39,469 million, representing an increase of approximately 47% as compared to the same period in 2008. Profit attributable to equity holders surged by approximately 271% to RMB 3,794 million. The Board of Directors recommended a final dividend for the Year ended 31 December 2009 (before any applicable taxation included and accounted for) of RMB 0.33 per share.
Benefiting from the fast overall growth in the mainland automobile industry and the fact that the Group has created a sustainable price comparative advantage by leveraging on the vertical integration model, BYD s automobile products were widely recognised by the market during the Year. With the remarkable performance of its automobile business, BYD has ranked the first in terms of sales volume among manufacturers of domestic-brand sedans. The flagship F3 series continued to be best-selling and made itself the champion in terms of sales volume among the best selling models of sedan in the PRC for the year of 2009, with its sales volume outpacing the model in the second place; the F6 model targeting middle-to-high-end market and the economy F0 model staged top-notch performance in sales during the Year, driving the growth of the Group s automobile business. Furthermore, the respective launch of the two models, the G3 model and the S8 model, during the year has also enriched the production lines of the 
In addition, judging that energy conservation and emission reduction are the long-term tendency of the development of the global automobile industry, the Group proactively enhanced relevant technology reserve for the development of new energy vehicles while awaiting proper opportunities to promote the commercialization and popularization of new energy vehicles in the markets. Coordinating well with the subsidy policies for new energy vehicles that has been promulgated, the world-leading F3DM dual mode vehicle and E6, a pure electric vehicle model of the Group affirm BYD s position as the innovative domestic automobile enterprise with new 
During the Year, the sales of the Group s lithium-ion battery and nickel battery businesses were affected by the sluggish recovery of the economy in Europe and the US, and the fact that the global handset industry remained pressurised.
However, the businesses still maintained the world-leading position. In order to create a new growth dynamic, the Group actively developed new business areas by intensifying its research efforts in lithium ferric phosphate batteries, which contributed new growth in revenue and profit for the Group s rechargeable battery business.

For the handset components and assembly services, handset manufacturers lowered their prices to boost sales in order to compete for market shares among their peers due to decrease in the global output of handsets, not to mention the increased price reduction pressure from customers. During the Year, the Group continued to provide customers with one-stop vertically integrated supply services and managed to seize market share amid depressing market conditions. Particularly. the Original Design Manufacturing (ODM) business outperformed during the Year, becoming the growth driver of the Group s handset components and assembly services and leading the growth of the services under adverse conditions.
During the Year, Berkshire Hathaway s subsidiary MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company has completed its subscription of the Company s shares. The Group believes that becoming a strategic partner with prominent international enterprises is conducive to the future development of BYD, further consolidating the Company s financial conditions and enhancing investors confidence in BYD.
Looking ahead to 2010 and future years, strong demand and low penetration provide the domestic automobile industry with tremendous room for growth. As a leading domestic automobile manufacturer with self-owned brand, BYD takes advantage on the high performance-price ratio of its products, advanced manufacturing technologies and solid research capability, which will help further propel a fast growth in the Group s automobile businesses. In the future, the Group aims to become a leading manufacturer of traditional and new energy automobiles in the world by amplifying its efforts in new energy vehicles business, further enriching its product portfolio, relentlessly promoting its brand awareness and sustainable product competitiveness. In terms of IT Parts business, BYD will adhere to its established development strategy throughout, enhance its product research capability, strive to reduce cost, strengthen its competitiveness in order to consolidate its leading position in rechargeable batteries around the world and become the world s leading handset components and assembly service provider. Besides, the Group will further explore new energy business, consolidate the technologies and cost advantages in this particular business area, and drive long term and sustainable development in the future by realising the commercialisation of new energy industry.
Undertaking its responsibilites as a good corporate citizen is a corporate culture that the entire staff of BYD observes. BYD will be committed to the social responsibilities that lie in the heart of corporate spirit, persist in giving back to the society and realise energy conservation and emission reduction through the development of solar battery, energy power stations and new energy vehicle businesses in order to contribute efforts to the social development of China that it 
Finally, on behalf of BYD, I would like to express gratitude to our loyal customers, business partners, investors and Shareholders for their support and trust in the Group and all the staff members who have been alongside with and made contribution to the Group. BYD will continue to promote the development of all business areas and focus on making the biggest return for the Shareholders.

Shenzhen, the PRC, 12 March 2010 
