Managing Director s Message 
Leading the industry and Building for the future 
Lau Luen-hung, Thomas 
The year 2009 was a year of enormous challenge as economies across the globe continued to reel from the impact of the financial crisis. Yet the world did not, as it was feared at the beginning of the crisis, slide into slump. Rather, it started to see signs of recovery in the second half of the year, thanks to the joint efforts from government of major economies to put in place timely and aggressive monetary policies and fiscal stimulus packages. China, in particular, weathered the economic storm relatively well and it emerged as a vital force driving global economic recovery. Capitalising on the rebound in market sentiment and consumer confidence while staying focused on leveraging its business strengths, Lifestyle International managed to deliver a satisfactory set of financial results for the year 2009, with its Hong Kong operations outperformed the market average and the mainland businesses continuing to gain traction.
For the year ended 31st December, 2009, the Group recorded a 6.7% increase in turnover from the previous year and a net profit of HK$1,142.5 million, an increase of 23.2% over that of the previous year. The Board has recommended payment of a final cash dividend of HK cents 17.0 per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK cents 11.0 paid on during the year, total dividends for the financial year 2009 amounted to HK cents 28.0.
In view of the slowing down in demand from major export markets, especially in the beginning of the year, in addition to the expansionary monetary policies, the Chinese government implemented various measures to boost domestic consumption in order to drive the economic growth. With the gradual recovery of market sentiment and the real economy in the second half of the year, which were fuelled by an increase in infrastructure spending and fixed assets investments, China recorded an impressive 8.7% growth in GDP in 2009 that also led to some 17% growth in the retail sales.
As one of the world's major financial cities and being an open economy, Hong Kong did not spare by the crisis and indeed experienced a negative growth in GDP of 2.7% for the year, partly caused by a drop in inbound tourists during most part of the second and third quarter of the year due to the fear of the human swine influenza ("Swine Flu"). As the threat of Swine Flu started to abate towards the end of the third quarter and together with an improvement in the market sentiment, strong inflow of tourists started to fuel Hong Kong's retail industry and economy again.

Notwithstanding the challenging business environment and negative same store sales growth saw in the first half of the year, our leadership position in Hong Kong remains unrivalled and for the year under review, the Group's Hong Kong operations recorded a 3.5% year-on-year growth in total sales revenue. As the leading department store operator in Hong Kong, we maintained a sizeable market share at around 2.2% of total retail sales and 21.9% of department store sales in Hong Kong.
During the year, performance of the Group's flagship Shanghai Jiuguang store was just as impressive, with sales revenue increased 11.1% that we believe such growth rate outperformed the industry average in Shanghai. The two new stores in China, namely the Suzhou Jiuguang and Dalian Jiuguang, inaugurated in the first half of the year, both got off to a steady start. During the year, a host of marketing and promotion strategies has been adopted to boost traffic for the new stores, a move that was in line with the Group's long-term expansion plan in the PRC. Every foray into a foreign territory takes time and patience in order for the business to take off and the Group is confident that the two new stores will be able to contribute in the near future.
We said in August 2009 that we would be renovating the Tianjin property for the operation as a shopping mall rather than a department store. Renovation work is yet to be completed and it has been rescheduled to be put into operation in the fourth quarter 2010. In the mean time, the Shenyang project will be developed in two phases that phase one will involve the Shenyang Jiuguang store building located at Zhongjie Road, a well-known pedestrian walk in Shenhe District. The store is scheduled to be opened before end of 2012.
To increase the Group's retailing business market coverage in China, we have made a strategic investment in the Beiren Group, a leading retailing group based in Shijiazhuang City, Hebei Province, since April 2008, with an aim to leverage on its leading market position in the local market. Our investment in the Beiren Group is through a 60% subsidiary that owns 30% equity interest therein as at the end of the year. To further consolidate our position in the Beiren Group, we have after the year end in February 2010 increased through the same 60% subsidiary equity interest in the Beiren Group from 30% to 49%. Accordingly, the Group should from now on be in a better position to be more actively involved in the management of the Beiren Group.

Looking ahead, the management takes a cautiously optimistic view on the Hong Kong and China economic prospects and retail markets in 2010. The pace and extent of the economic recovery and growth will be very much dependent on the monetary policy stance and the manner in which governments across the globe withdraw liquidity from the market. Nonetheless, growing domestic demand and job creations, coupled with major events such as the Shanghai World Expo this year are expected to enhance the growth momentum of China's economy that will also benefit Hong Kong given its close economic ties with China.
In 2010, the Group will strive to take advantage of the gradual economic recovery and set the stage for further growth. In Hong Kong, the home turf of Lifestyle International, we will continue efforts to maintain our market leadership. Having secured a formidable position in the department store sector in Hong Kong, the Group is now flexing its muscles in Mainland China, the key platform for pursuing our long-term business goals. As our mainland operations are gradually producing encouraging results, we will continue to make all-out efforts to maintain a sustainable growth. We will carefully apply sound business strategies to every of our Jiuguang store in the mainland, with the ultimate aim of setting the industry standard and making Jiuguang a role model.
With our strong balance sheet and fast-growing brand equity, and our proven ability in identifying lucrative opportunities and translate them into business profits, we will continue to pursue new projects in the form of self-built stores, strategic investments or joint ventures, with a view to expanding the Group's retailing business in China in the coming years.
Last but not the least, on behalf of the board, I would like to thank our team members for their hard work throughout the year, as well as our customers, business partners and shareholders for their constant support. We shall be grateful for your continuing trust and support in the years to come.
Lau Luen-hung, Thomas 
9th March, 2010 