Managing Director s Message Reinforce our leading position in the market 
LAU Luen-hung, Thomas 
The year 2005 enjoyed a robust beginning with high consumer confidence and strong overall economic sentiment in Hong Kong. A sense of optimism was pervasive among the retail sector in anticipation of the influx of tourists and the potential economic infusion. While the forecast of this development never fully came to fruition, the economy provided mixed messages and created a challenging environment for the sector as the year progressed.
Recent economic changes such as the increase in interest rates, softening of the residential property market and higher energy costs were at odds with the positive labor market and stock market performance. Inconsistent conditions contributed to fluctuating consumer confidence during the second half of 2005 and created an interesting challenge for most retailers who also encountered increasing costs in rental, utilities and labor.
The Group s management utilized its expertise in cooperation with our concessionaire counters to overcome the mixed market landscape and outperform the sector as a whole. Our ingenuity and ability to navigate such conditions and adjustments in consumer sentiment is a testament to the quality of management and staff of Lifestyle International. The result is also an affirmation of the leadership position of SOGO Hong Kong and the overall satisfaction of our customers.

The Group achieved significant progress for the year ended 31st December, 2005. Sales proceeds, turnover and net profits increased 28.7%, 30.2% and 30.2% respectively. We are pleased by these results and in order to share the benefits of the Group s success, the Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK14.4 cents. In addition, to celebrate with our shareholders the 20th Anniversary of SOGO Hong Kong, the Board has also recommended the payment of a special dividend of 3.6 cents.
While able to produce strong financial results in 2005, the Group has also expanded its presence to Tsimshatsui, Kowloon with the new 115,000 square foot SOGO store and its grand opening on the 30th September, 2005. This expansion reinforces our aptitude and capacity to foster growth within the Hong Kong market. The new store has been well received and we believe it will further solidify our leading position as a lifestyle business operator, gain market share, expand our visibility, reinforce our brand image, and generate additional revenue and profits.
Positioning ourselves as lifestyle department stores, the Group will continue to execute innovative renovation and localized marketing campaigns to support the offering of differentiated products and enjoyable in-store experiences. For example, in the beginning of 2005 we opened the SOGO CLUB and SOGO BOOK CLUB at our Causeway Bay flagship store that provides a unique experience for shoppers unrivaled in the Hong Kong market. In our Shanghai Jiuguang Store, we have recently renovated the 2nd floor balcony into a garden terrace that provides an atrium for the discriminating consumer and provides a unique yet warm, welcoming environment for holding sales and promotional activities. The glass dome design of our SOGO TST stores distinguishes itself as an alternative upscale retail format that focuses on younger generation customers.
The Shanghai Jiuguang store has now been in operation for over a year and has gradually developed as a significant contributor to the Group s operations.
We are comfortable that its business will continue to improve in the coming year. We also believe that our Jiuguang Store has already established itself as a premium lifestyle department store in Shanghai and is gaining popularity 
The Group will continue to pursue its expansion plan into the China market.
With the economic growth momentum in China likely to continue coupled with an improvement in the standard of living, the Group will continue to review new opportunities in other cities in order to meet the increasing demand for premier shopping in the PRC. We believe the Group is in the position to replicate the success of our Hong Kong and Shanghai stores.
Despite the mixed signals regarding consumer confidence, the current overall economy remains positive and consumer spending should allow retail sales to grow at a respectable pace in Hong Kong and the PRC in 2006. Consumers should see an increase in their personal disposable income and job vacancies are also expected to continue to grow. Although uncertain, interest rate increases are widely expected to taper off in 2006, providing favorable conditions for both the property and retail market. We are confident that the Group can maintain positive momentum and growth. Our strong financial and cash position should also provide the Group with flexibility to capitalize on expansion opportunities when the circumstances arise.
The Board believes that people are the key to determining the future of the Group and therefore, we are pleased to report that a group of management staff have been granted share options during the year. We believe that the granting of share options will provide an additional incentive to the management team as it aligns their interests with those of the shareholders.
We are extremely proud of our people and their efforts which have positioned us where we are today. Our strength in embracing positive change is derived from the people who work together at every level within the Group, as well as from the encouragement and support we received from our customers, shareholders and business partners in 2005. We are ready to meet any new challenges in the year to come.

LAU Luen-hung, Thomas 
28th February, 2006 