Managing Director s Message 
Leading the industry and Building for the future LAU Luen-hung, Thomas 
Benefiting by the robust economic growth in Hong Kong and mainland China, the year 2007 was another successful one for Lifestyle International.
Once again, we delivered record results in both sales and profits at all our stores in operation, and we continued to maintain our leading position in Hong Kong s department store sector. SOGO in Causeway Bay ( SOGO CWB ), our flagship store in Hong Kong, continued making strong contributions to the Group s sales and profits during the year, while our SOGO in Tsim Sha Tsui ( SOGO TST ) also demonstrated strong growth momentum, posting same-store-sales growth similar to its Causeway Bay counterpart in its second year of operation. Meanwhile, our Jiuguang Store in Shanghai is growing in popularity, thus bringing about more traffic. With its growth momentum continued, the store performed remarkably well during the year.
I am pleased to announce that for the year ended 31st December, 2007, the Group recorded a 20.5% increase in turnover and 38.4% surge in net profit compared with the previous year. The Board has recommended the payment of a final cash dividend of 13.5 HK cents per share.
In Hong Kong, the business of SOGO CWB and SOGO TST remained strong, with both stores outperforming the market average. This was due in part to the increase in inbound tourists, as well as the positive retail environment brought about by China s high-speed economic growth and improvement of local economies. Also driving our growth were the Group s successful marketing and promotion campaigns, adjustments to product mix, and our carefully designed segmentation strategy catering for different customers. The profit margin of both stores continued to expand, thanks to our operating leverage, strong growth in sales and the Group s effective control over operating costs.

As the leading department store operator in Hong Kong, we saw our market share continued to increase, reaching 2.2% of total retail sales and 21.3% of department store sales. In addition, our Hong Kong operations continued to outperform the industry average, posting a 18.3% growth, compared with 12.7% growth in department stores sales and 12.8% growth in overall retail sales in the territory.
During the year under review, the Group s business in Shanghai recorded remarkable growth. Three years into its operation, Shanghai Jiuguang achieved a 40.4% increase in sales and turned profitable during the year.
This was the result of the Group s efforts in strengthening the Jiuguang brand name by offering better shopping experiences. So far we are satisfied with the results of our first store in the PRC and we are confident and ready to introduce the Jiuguang shopping experiences to consumers in other mainland cities.
We reported in 2006 the acquisition of two land sites respectively in Suzhou and Shenyang, and in April 2007, we also announced the acquisition of four retail properties respectively in Dalian, Tianjin, Harbin and Qingdao. More recently in October 2007, we acquired an effective 59.4% interest in the largest retail shopping complex in Shijiazhuang, 
Construction and renovation works of the Suzhou store has been well progressing as planned and we aim to open the store in the 2nd half of this year. Renovation works for the Dalian and Tianjin stores will commence soon and we aim to open these stores before the end of this year. Relocation and evacuation works for the Shenyang land is almost completed. We expect the development works will commence within the second half of 2008 and we target to open the store during the first half of 2010. The newly acquired shopping complex in Shijiazhuang is currently being leased as anchor tenant to a leading local retail group for rental purpose and the current lease will expire in April 2011. In the meantime, we are working to explore different means of cooperation with the tenant to maximize the opportunities.
The committed projects above will significantly increase the retail space of the Group, that is important for the Group to capture the fast- growing PRC retail market through effectively increasing our market presence in the 
As a natural extension of our retail business that will broaden the Group s revenue base and help capture a slightly different type of growth potential in the branded goods distribution business in the PRC, we have been involved in the debt restructuring of EganaGoldpfeil (Holdings) Limited ( EganaGoldpfeil ), a Hong Kong-listed company that owns and leases a portfolio of German brands, which encompass products in the leather accessories, shoes, and timepieces and jewellery categories. The brands are relatively strong and well-known in Europe, especially in German- speaking countries, and over 80% of the Group s existing business is derived from Europe. The proposed transaction upon becoming effective subject to approvals from regulators and shareholders will enable Lifestyle International to get immediate access to a portfolio of internationally renowned brands in various product categories that we believe will be a good fit for the PRC market. In addition, we will have acquired EganaGoldpfeil s existing sales platform which will enable us to shorten any start-up time. We believe the transaction will bring about synergies and that we are well positioned to pursue the affordable luxury goods business in the flourishing mainland market.
Looking ahead, the Group will continue to maintain its leadership market position in Hong Kong while actively capturing more expansion opportunities in the PRC. We will continue widening our geographical reach in other mainland cities and we aim to launch larger-scale projects in the mainland that feature traditional department stores as well as other lifestyle formats. Such initiatives are founded on our commitment to bringing unique and fulfilling shopping experiences to our customers.
We will also be committed to capturing the growing market demand for branded merchandises through the proposed transaction, which is in line with our mission to becoming a leading retail player in the PRC.
Despite a sense of uncertainty over the global economy, we believe China s economy will keep growing. With the surge in spending power of Chinese consumers and the rise of the middle class, China s domestic consumption and economic growth will continue. Therefore, we remain optimistic about the retail industry in the mainland and Hong Kong in the 
Our success lies in the hard work and efforts of our management and staff, as well as the continued supports of our customers, business partners and shareholders. On behalf of the board, I wish to thank the team for their indispensable contributions to the Group in 2007 and we look forward to your continuing trust and support in our endeavour to be the leading retail player in China.
Lau Luen-hung, Thomas 
27th February, 2008 