Managing Director s Message 
Lau Luen-hung, Thomas 
The year 2012 was marked by slow economic growth and uncertainties in many parts of the world. While the EU had been preoccupied with rescuing debt-ridden members, the US economy started to show signs of stabilization and slow recovery. Inevitably all these took a toll on growth in emerging markets including China, which experienced a notable slowdown during the year.
Amid the external challenges, Lifestyle International showed its mettle as we maintained a sharp focus on our business strategies and objectives of balancing short term sales growth and profitability while preserving brand equity for enhancing shareholders return and value in the long run. Our retail operations in Hong Kong and mainland China remained attractive shopping destinations that appeal to all walks of life. Our SOGO and Jiuguang stores are established as retail premises that not only offer unique shopping experiences but also transform shopping into a lifestyle.
With this in mind, we focused on executing a host of well thought business, marketing and promotion strategies in 2012, and, as a result, delivered a healthy set of business and financial results for the year.
For the year ended 31 December 2012, the Group s turnover and net profit increased year-on-year by 7.6% and 10.2% respectively to HK$5,523.4 million and HK$2,057.5 million. Our aggregate sales revenue grew by 6.9% year-on-year in Hong Kong dollar terms. The Board is pleased to recommend the payment of a final cash dividend of 27.6 Hong Kong cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of 21.8 Hong Kong cents paid during the year, the dividend for the full financial year of 2012 totaled 49.4 Hong Kong cents. Over the last eight years, the Group s earnings represented a compound annual growth rate of 22.2%.
Since the listing of the Company s shares on the Stock Exchange in 2004, the Group has been committed to generating decent and steady returns to our shareholders, not least through consistent dividend payout of around 40% of the reported earnings.

In 2012, our operations in Hong Kong continued to account for a significant share of the local department store sector at approximately 21.3%, and the combined sales revenue of the two stores recorded 7.8% year-on-year growth, and accounted for 73.9% of the Group s total revenue. Despite the relatively weak market sentiment and an exceptionally high base from 2011, the Hong Kong retail market recorded a healthy growth rate of 9.8% during the year.
Our operations in mainland China as a whole remained healthy and stable, thanks in part to our efforts to nurture the brand equity of Jiuguang and to enhance operational efficiency. Shanghai Jiuguang continued to be a popular shopping destination amidst the intensifying competition, while Suzhou Jiuguang continued to gain popularity and looked set to become a sought-after department store too in the locality.
By comparison, Dalian Jiuguang was more susceptible to external market conditions and competition but managed to delivering results largely in line with the broader market. The three stores contributed a total of RMB2,733.6 million in net sales revenue, accounting for 26.1% of the Group s total revenue.
The Group s strategic investment in the Beiren Group, a leading retailer based in Shijiazhuang, Hebei province, continued during the year to demonstrate its growth potential and operational efficiency. The pace of new store opening has however seen a slow down during the year following a period of rapid growth before the year 2011. Amid generally more difficult market conditions, the Beiren Group managed to achieve 11.4% growth in sales and share of profit by the Group for the full year increased 26.4% to approximately HK$280.5 million from HK$221.9 million in 2011.
Meanwhile, renovation and leasing work of the Group s Shenyang Jiuguang store is progressing according to plan, and the store is scheduled to open around end of the third quarter and beginning of the fourth quarter this year. At the same time, the Group is in the process of obtaining official approvals and permits for launching the construction work of the Zhabei project. Upon completion in 20162017, the Zhabei project will mark a key strategic milestone of the Group to further broaden its presence in the Yangtze River Delta region. To leveraging the success of our Freshmart operation in the food and confections business in Shanghai, the Group has scheduled to open its first standalone Freshmart in the Chang Ning district in Shanghai in around MayJune this year. The store will occupy a total of 7,700 sq.m. of GFA and initial investment will amount to approximately RMB50 million.

The Group has recently unveiled its plan regarding seeking a separate listing for its property investment and development business on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange ( Proposed Spin-off or the Plan ). The Proposed Spin-off is a way to streamline the operation and asset base of the Group so that Lifestyle International can focus in its core department store business to further enhancing its operating efficiency. Upon completion of the Plan, the two different listed groups hopefully would be able to be valued on a standalone basis, thus enhancing its operational and financial transparency. In the meantime, before the Plan is completed, the Group will continue to streamlining its asset and business operations. Indeed, following disposal in 2011 of 90% interest in Sun Plaza, the Group s investment property project in Shenyang, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement on 31 December 2012 to dispose of the entire interest of its Lifestyle Plaza in Tianjin, both properties are non-core assets as far as the Group s department store operations are concerned.
No doubt that in the coming year there will still be much uncertainties hanging over the global economy and consumer sentiments will take time to regain and therefore we believe it may not be an easy year ahead for the retail market in China including Hong Kong. The management will however remain prudently optimistic in executing its business strategies.
Nevertheless, with many major economies showing signs of stabilization in recent months, and given the Group s position and track record as a veteran retail industry player, we believe our operations in Hong Kong and mainland China will stay on a growth trajectory in 2013. As always, we will continue to be on the lookout for lucrative opportunities to further expand our business, with the ultimate aim of bringing greater value to our shareholders in the long run.
On behalf of the board, I would like to thank our management team members and staff for their hard work and contributions. I am also grateful to our customers, business partners and shareholders, whose support has been instrumental in helping us fulfilling our goals. We all look forward to a better year ahead.
Lau Luen-hung, Thomas 
4 March 2013 