Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of BYD Company Limited ( BYD or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ), I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2011 (the Year ).
2011 was a challenging and commemorative year for BYD.
During the year, the Group made an IPO of RMB ordinary shares to raise approximately RMB 1.4 billion. The successful return to the A share market is an important milestone in the growth of the Group as it has not only provided additional funds for the Group s long-term development, but also built a new financing platform to achieve the unity of capital market and product market for the 
Reviewing 2011, the global economy was highly volatile. Sales volume of the Group s automobiles declined during the reporting period as compared to 2010 due to factors such as significant slowing growth of domestic automobile market and the decrease in overall market share of domestic brands. For handset components and assembly business, business development experienced greater pressure during the year due to the decreased market share of the Group s largest customer.
Meanwhile, the Group was also active in developing emerging smart phone manufacturers as new customers and offered new products, laying a more solid foundation for our future sustainable development. As regards rechargeable battery business, the Group continued to maintain its leading position in the lithium-ion and nickel batteries market, actively engaged in the research and development of lithium ferrous phosphate batteries and solar cell products, and further promoted the use of lithium ferrous phosphate batteries in the areas of electric vehicles and energy storage stations which has made good progress.
During the Year under review, turnover of the Group decreased by 0.8% to RMB46,312 million. Profit attributable to equity holders of the parent company was RMB1,385 million. Earnings per share were RMB0.6. The Board of Directors did not recommend a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 
Since the commencement of automobile business in 2003, the Group has created a sustainable advantage of high value for money by leveraging its vertical integration operation. The Group s products have received wide recognition in the market, driving the rapid development of the Group s automobile business. The Group has launched a series of models to meet the needs of different users, including the F3 series models and the F6, F0 and M6. During the year, the Group persisted in technology and quality as its development focus, enhanced the general quality and performance of existing models, and introduced the first SUV model S6 and medium-to-high-end sedan G6 new models, all with excellent market performance.
The two new models not only proved BYD s outstanding R & D strength, but also become a new bright spot for our automotive business. Apart from traditional automotive business, the Group s new energy automotive business continued to operate smoothly.
The Group was the exclusive supplier of electric vehicles for the 26th Summer Universiade. As of the date of this report, about 300 units of electric taxi e6 are operating in Shenzhen, while e6, the first pure electric cars for individuals, were officially launched in Shenzhen in October 2011, while the first pure electric buses K9 also commenced trail operation as public buses in Shenzhen in January 2011 with excellent performance. During the year, 200 units of electric buses were sold. In addition, the joint venture, established by the Group and Daimler AG ( Daimler ) for the development of new electric vehicles, is expected to release the latest model in 2012. As for handset components and assembly business, growth of global mobile phone shipments has slowed down during the year with intensifying market competition.
Smart phones continued to increase market shares and become 
the main driver for the growth of the global handset market.
During the year, with the gradual transformation of the largest customer of the Group s handset components and assembly business, the decline in its market share had certain impact on the Group s handset components and assembly business. On the other hand, the Group also actively explored other emerging smart phone manufacturers as new customers, provided new products and continuously improved its customer and product 
New energy business is the latest highlights of the Group s rechargeable batteries business. During the year, the Group further promoted its new energy plan dominated by electric vehicles and energy storage stations. For energy storage station business, the Group is the successful bidder for the new world- class energy project National demonstration project for scenery storage in Zhangbei which has successfully been delivered.
Currently the world s largest comprehensive platform for utilization of new energies, the project reflects the good progress of commercial operation of the Group s new energy business and its recognition by the market. For solar business, affected by changing economic environment and the supply and demand of global solar energy products in major markets, prices of global PV products dropped significantly in 2011 which has a greater impact on the Group s solar business, bringing certain pressure on our overall operating results.
After the period of adjustment in 2011, the Group has made different degrees of upgrading and improvement in various aspects from development pace, product R&D, product structure to sales network. The Groups expects the effectiveness of the various improvement measures will gradually realize in 2012 and the operation status will resume normal and maintain steady.
In 2012, the Group expects the automobile market to rebound during the whole year. Following the success of S6 and G6, the Group will continue to introduce new models and upgrade some of the old models. For the electric vehicle market, the Group will continue to accelerate industrialization pace of electric vehicles and actively explore overseas markets. For handset components and assembly services, in the face of the great opportunities of market transition, the Group will actively secure more orders for smart phones and related high-end consumer electronics to enhance its market share in the smartphone market and further broaden income sources. For rechargeable battery business, the Group will strengthen R & D, manufacturing and sales of solar cells, strive to seize opportunities for development of emerging markets, and continue to promote the energy storage station business, providing greater power for the ultimate realization of the Group s Silicon Iron Strategy .
Undertaking its responsibilities as a good corporate citizen is a corporate culture of all the staff members of BYD. BYD will be committed to the social responsibilities that lie in the heart of corporate spirit, persist in giving back to the society and realize energy conservation and emission reduction through the development of new energy and new energy vehicle businesses in order to contribute efforts to the social development of the world that it deserves.
Finally, on behalf of BYD, I would like to express gratitude to our loyal customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their support and trust in the Group and all the staff members who have been alongside with and made contribution to the Group in the past year. BYD will continue to promote the development of all business areas and focus on making the biggest return for the shareholders.

Shenzhen, the PRC, 23 March 2012 