Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of BYD Company Limited ( BYD or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ), I hereby present the annual report for the year ended 31st December 2007 (the Year ).
2007 was an important year during the course of development of BYD. During the year under review, the Group s rechargeable battery business performed well, while the handset component business grew rapidly. The Group had successfully spun off BYD Electronic (International) Company Limited ( BYD Electronic ) for listing separately on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Besides, the automobile business achieved breakthrough development, contributing substantially to the profit of the Group. In 2007, the Group s turnover reached approximately RMB21,211 million, representing an increase of nearly 63.9% times as compared with the same period last year. Profit attributable to equity holders recorded an impressive growth of approximately 44.2% to over RMB1,612 million. The strong growth in turnover and profit attributable to equity holders was mainly driven by the encouraging growth in rechargeable batteries, handset components and assembly services and automobiles.
With increasing popularity of handsets coupled with the advancement of handset technology, the overall demand in the global handset market in 2007 continued to grow, as a result, handset manufacturers have to launch new handset models in the market at affordable prices frequently and quickly. The existing handset market has kept expanding, which has directly boosted the demand for handset batteries. BYD has also successfully maintained its leading position in the global rechargeable battery industry. The Group has persisted in supplying products of excellent quality and maintaining its cost-effective competitive edge, and continued to strengthen its strategic partnership with leading global handset manufacturers so as to promote the continued growth of the lithium-ion battery business. In addition, product recall and contingent events occurring in the industry had also brought about urgent orders for the Group s lithium-ion battery business, resulting in substantial growth of the Group s sales during the Year. On the other hand, increasing prices of raw materials for nickel batteries had affected the profitability of overseas competitors and demonstrated the cost effective competitive edge of the Group. During the year, BYD continued to enhance its competitive position in the market.
During the year under review, global handset sales had grown steadily, and ongoing industry consolidation had created tremendous development opportunities and growth momentum for the Group. The Group has gained extensive recognition from customers since the provision of one-stop supply services for handset components to customers. The Group adopted an operation strategy of providing one-stop vertically integrated supply services to customers. Apart from providing diversified handset components for famous international handset brands, 
the Group also provided handset assembly services in full swing to customers in the Year to further establish the leading market position of the Group as an one-stop handset components supplier for international famous handset brands. Apart from an increase in the number of orders from existing customers, the Group was also active in establishing business relationship with emerging international leading handset supplier customers in order to capture new orders and hence further expand its market share.
Considering the prospect of the handset precision components business and assembly services, the Group decided and managed to spin off BYD Electronic for separate listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 20th December 2007. The Group believes that the spin-off can reflect the intrinsic value of BYD Electronic and allows it to capture opportunities arising from the expected rapid growth of the handset industry in the coming 
With the rapid development of the economy of China and given the strong growth of individual disposable income and the improving living standard of Chinese residents in the PRC, market demand for automobiles will continue to grow. During the year under review, the Group s automobile business achieved breakthrough development . Leveraging on its international product quality and the competitive advantage of high value for money, the primary F3 model continued to be one of the best selling automobiles in the market and was well received by customers. The Group believes that there is enormous room for the future development of the automobile business. The Group will offer comprehensive support in the aspects of management, research and development, and production. The Group aims at catering to the needs of different consumers through continued optimization of production techniques, upgrading of sales networks, implementation of cost effective sales strategies as well as the launch of new automobile models in a timely manner.
Leveraging on the Group s competitive advantages and the high value for money of its products, the Group is confident that the new car models will further boost sales, leading to better performance of the automobile business in the years to come.
Finally, on behalf of BYD, I would like to thank our loyal customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their support and trust. Besides , I would also like to thank all the staff members for their valuable dedications over the past years, and achieving new business heights with the Group. We are confident that BYD will become a leading global rechargable battery manufacturer, a leading one-stop handset components supplier in the market and the top automobile manufacturer in China, thereby enhancing returns for our shareholders.

Shenzhen, the PRC, 20th March 2008 