Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of BYD Company Limited ( BYD or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ), I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2008 (the Year ).
2008 was a year of extreme turbulence around the globe. The United Stated sub-prime loan crisis triggered an unprecedented financial tsunami across the world. Global economic growth experienced an instant decline, together with the impact from severe natural disasters and the post- Olympics effect, the pace of economic growth in China was slackened. During the Year under review, despite facing sudden changes in the operating environment, the overall business performance of the Group remained satisfactory.
Although the rechargeable battery business was affected by market conditions and recorded a slight decline, the handset component business and assembly services recorded significant growth, while the automobile business continued to achieve outstanding performance under the slow down of market growth. For the year of 2008, turnover of the Group was approximately RMB26,788 million, representing a year- on-year increase of 26%. Profit attributable to equity holders decreased by 37% to RMB1,021 million. The Board of Directors did not recommend paying any dividend for the Year ended 31 December 2008.
Although the overall performance of the rechargeable battery business slightly declined as compared with 2007, BYD continued to maintain its global leading position in rechargeable batteries. During the Year, facing a slowing growth of the global handset market, performance of the lithium-ion battery business was worsened significantly in the fourth quarter and the overall business performance of lithium-ion batteries for the full year was affected.
Nevertheless, the Group remained firm in its global leading position, continued to capture major market shares and actively explored new business areas. The business of nickel batteries was affected by the economic downturn in the United States. The overall market for power tools was trimmed, creating pressure on sales volume. Nonetheless, being the top global supplier of nickel batteries, BYD maintained leading market shares and high gross profit margin amid the declining sales.
For handset components, facing the adverse market condition during the Year, all handset manufacturers strived to boost sales and to capture market shares of other players by cutting price, creating pressure directly on the upstream manufacturers of handset components. Nevertheless, for one-stop handset component suppliers who are equipped with high capability of vertical integration and ownership of global manufacturing and service platforms, such adversity of market condition gave rise to good opportunities to foster closer cooperation with international leading handset brands.
During the Year, the Group implemented the operational strategy of providing one-stop vertically integrated supply services of handset components to customers. In addition to the provision of diversified handset components, operation of assembly services and ODM services were further expanded, driving growth of the handset component business against the adverse environment.
In 2008, the growth in production and sales volume of automobiles in the domestic market slowed down notably.
Nevertheless, the automobile business of the Group outshined others and achieved breakthrough development.
The primary model of F3 series continued to be one of the best selling automobiles, while the medium to high end commercial sedan F6 model and the economy car model of F0 series were launched in the market one after the other during the Year, enriching the product lines of the Group.
Moreover, the long waited world s premiere epochal new energy Dual Mode (DM) electric car F3DM was officially launched on 15 December 2008 and further reinforced the position of the Group as a technology-innovative domestic automobile enterprise. The launching of F3DM automobiles fully addressed the highly concerned global warming environmental issues of the world, new energy and environmental friendly electric automobiles will also be the global trend in future. During the Year, MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company, a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway entered into an agreement with the Company, pursuant to which MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company agreed to 
inject capital to the Company. The subscription is subject to the approval of the relevant government or regulatory organisation. This would be favourable in driving global sales of the environmental friendly and energy saving automobiles of BYD and its other environmental products, further enhancing the confidence of investors in BYD.
2009 would be a year full of challenges. The impact of the financial tsunami on the global economy will persist, global handset and consumer industries are facing the severe challenge of market contraction. Facing such an unfavourable market environment, BYD will continue to implement its development strategies by enhancing the research and development capabilities of products, focusing on cost reduction and enhancing competitiveness, in order to strengthen its global leading position of the rechargeable batteries and to become the global leading supplier of handset components and assembly services. Facing the existing tough condition in the domestic automobile market, capitalising on the competitive advantages in the automobile industry, high value for money of its products, advanced production technology and the Group s strong research and development capabilities in batteries and automobiles, as well as taking advantage of the proposal to support the automobile industry by the Chinese government and the downward adjustment of raw material costs due to the contraction of macro economy, the Group expects to maintain the good prospect for growth in 2009 and to establish a solid foundation for BYD to become an automobile leader in China and around the world in 2015 and 2025 respectively.
BYD strongly believes we are part of the local community and should make contribution to the sustained development of the place no matter where we operate our business. This social responsibility has been deeply rooted in the corporate culture of the Group. During the year, the Group proactively participated in community events such as disaster relief and salvage, offering subsidies for education, social construction and supporting cultural and sport activities.
BYD is proud of being able to contribute to the society by leveraging on its strengths. Following the occurrence of the strong earthquake in Wenchuan, Sichuan that shocked the world, the Company took immediate action to donate cash amounting to RMB10 million and provided 1,000 screw jacks urgently required by the disaster areas. After that, the Company organized various donations of funds and materials by its staff to show their care and paid close attention to changes in the situation of the disaster and living conditions of people in the disaster areas and assisted in disaster relief.
The Company also made an arrangement for some children who were unable to go to school in the disaster areas to join classes at the Shenzhen Yadi School and offered jobs for some people in the disaster areas to work in BYD. With its outstanding contribution in the earthquake relief work, BYD was awarded First Pengcheng Charity Prize Charitable Enterprise Prize ( Fl zHaUNs HaUOmiNs ) of Shenzhen City and S Earthquake Relief Donation Special Prize ( bQe}p dyr%RNs ) of Shenzhen City and won extensive recognition from the society.
Undertaking the responsibility of a good corporate citizen is a corporate culture upheld by all staff of BYD. Such spirit required strong support from the management and efforts of our colleagues to implement it. BYD will carry out its social responsibility as an important content of its corporate spirit and persist in the mission of making contribution to the society and being enthusiastic in commonweal, thereby contributing efforts it shall make to the social development of the PRC.
Finally, on behalf of BYD, I would like to thank our loyal customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their support and trust in our Group. And I would also like to thank all the staff members for their unity in supporting the Group during tough times and their diligent contributions during the Year. BYD is determined to overcome all the challenges ahead, achieve remarkable accomplishments in all business areas over its counterparts, thereby creating maximum returns for our shareholders.

Shenzhen, the PRC, 27 March 2009 
