Managing Director s Message 
We will continue striving to identify and capitalize on lucrative business opportunities that can create synergies with our existing core retailing activities.
Our ultimate objective is to reinforce our position as a leading lifestyle business operator in the Greater China Region.

LAU Luen-hung, Thomas 
The year 2004 saw the Group make encouraging progress on all fronts. For the year ended 31st December, 2004, the Group had achieved respective increases of 21.5%, 23.4% and 60.7% in sales proceeds, turnover and net profits as measured against the previous 
In order to share the benefits of these fruitful results with shareholders, the Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK cents 20.7 (including a special dividend of HK cents 8.6).
A Year of Impressive Growth and Achievement The Group enjoyed impressive growth during the year under review.
The continuing recovery of Hong Kong s economy during 2004 was a major factor leading to the significant improvement of both our sales and market share. The growing influx of newly affluent tourists from Mainland China following the Chinese Government s relaxation of travel restrictions further enhanced the Group s year-on-year 
In addition to last April s successful IPO, the year just ended was notable for several key developments. They included the 29th September, 2004 Grand Opening of Jiu Guang in Shanghai and the 10th December, 2004 soft opening of the SOGO CLUB and SOGO BOOK CLUB in Causeway Bay, Hong Kong.
A Success Built on Proven Growth Strategies 
The Group s solid performance during the year 2004, yet again underlined the success of the Group s unique hybrid of Hong Kong and Japanese entrepreneurial flair. An unwavering focus on constantly upgrading customer choices and service quality, supported by strong sales and creative marketing initiatives will remain our operational bedrock for the foreseeable future.

Last December s soft opening of the SOGO CLUB and SOGO BOOK CLUB reiterated once again the Group s ability to stay one step ahead of the Hong Kong retail industry curve. Early results are extremely encouraging, with strong response for member registration carrying over into the early months of 2005.
Paving the Way for Medium- to Long-term Growth The coming year will see the Group strives to further enhance its market share by maintaining its proven policy of steadily introducing to customers of new products from renowned local to international brands. Our purchasing and marketing teams will continue to enhance their successful practice of working closely with suppliers to maximize customer awareness and their purchase patterns.
In the year ahead, the Group intends to accelerate its department store expansion plan in major Mainland cities, including Macau SAR.
We will continue striving to identify and capitalize on lucrative business opportunities that can create synergies with our existing core retailing activities. Our ultimate objective is to reinforce our position as a leading lifestyle business operator in the Greater 
Facing the Future with Growing Confidence The Board anticipates that SOGO Hong Kong will continue to benefit from growing consumer confidence resulting from the expected improvement of the Territory s economy during the coming year.
In February 2005, the Company announced its plan to open in September 2005 a new 115,000 square feet SOGO Lifestyle store located at 12 Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon. The board believes the new store will prove to be a very lucrative source of revenue in the coming years.

While still in its early stages, the Company s decision to export the proven SOGO Lifestyle shopping concept to Mainland China already looks to be a shrewd and timely one. China of the early 21st Century is currently the world s fastest growing economy with consumer purchasing power growing steadily. The initial indications are that Jiu Guang is already proving to be as popular in Shanghai as our flagship Causeway Bay store in Hong Kong.
The Board will continue to monitor our business in Shanghai closely and will follow a proactive approach to any possible future strengthening of the already firm foothold the Group has achieved on the Mainland.
In closing, I would like to thank my fellow Board members and our valued shareholders for their strong support during the year just ended. I would also like to salute our management, staff, business partners and customers for the invaluable contribution they have made to our success during 2004.
LAU Luen-hung, Thomas 
1st March, 2005 