Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of BYD Company Limited ( BYD or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ), I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2015 (the Year ).
In 2015, the Chinese economy entered the new normal as economic growth began to rely on the optimization of economic structure, upgrades in industry structure, innovation and entrepreneurship in an effort to invoke new economic momentum. Within the Year, competition in the Chinese automobile market has become increasingly fierce, especially in the conventional gas-powered vehicle sector in which the market growth rate continued to decelerate. By contrast, the new energy vehicle market recorded explosive in the past year benefiting from favorable governmental policies, comprehensive product offerings and technological advancement. Meanwhile, steady growth of the smart phone market bolstered the development of the phone components and assembly industry. Most notably, the metal casings market expanded from producing only for high end models to including middle and low end models as well, providing diversified and quality products to global consumers with outstanding texture and performance. As for the rechargeable battery industry, the market for traditional batteries is still developing steadily; however, the photovoltaic market was still affected by fierce competition. Nevertheless, thanks to overall sales improvement and cost reductions, losses in our PV business continued to decline.
Against this backdrop, turnover of the Group increased by 40.18% to RMB77,612 million during the Year. Profit attributable to owners of the parent Company increased by 551.28% to RMB2,823 million. Earnings per share were RMB1.12. The Board did not recommend the payment 
As a leading business promoter and technological innovator of the new energy vehicle industry, BYD Holdings managed to rank first in the world in overall sales of new energy vehicles in 2015. BYD s new energy vehicles showed full market coverage within the Year, and the 7+4 strategic plan achieved preliminary results with an all-round development of new energy private cars, buses, taxis, intercity coaches, logistics cars and forklifts ; the company s products can be found in 190 cities across 43 countries and regions in 6 continents around the world. In the private car sector, the plug-in hybrid vehicle Qin (y) continued to rank first among sales of new energy vehicles in China.
Together with the Tang (U) model launched in the Year, the two 
models accounted for almost 80% of the market share of all plug- in hybrid passenger vehicle in the country. In the public transportation sector, BYD continued to lead the electrification of global public transportation, rapidly opening new markets overseas and establishing an excellent brand identity. In the warehouse vehicle sector, BYD s full electric forklifts were used in several provinces and cities in China, helping the storage industry realize green transportation . With the launch of various new products and the optimization in product portfolios, the revenue and profitability of new energy vehicles continued to improve. Despite the drop in sales due to unfavorable industry environment in regards to the conventional vehicle sector, the Group fully capitalized on the booming SUV market, launching a gas version of the SUV model Song ([). The Song was well received in the market, reporting rapid increases in sales volume. The high-end SUV model S7 also secured excellent sales.
As for the handset component and assembly business, the Group maintained close cooperative relations with leading domestic and overseas mobile manufacturers. BYD also proactively expanded the customer base, and secured contracts from leading domestic and overseas handset brands to manufacture a portion of their middle to high end flagship models. Metal casings and structures were becoming increasingly utilized in the smart phone market and were gradually introduced to the middle to low-end handset market. In the assembly business, the Company successfully secured a large number of orders from domestic well-known mobile handset manufacturers, which resulted in a quick increase in the assembly business revenue.
In its rechargeable battery and new energy business, the Group, as a global leading company in the developing and promoting the applications of batteries, continued to improve the energy density of lithium ferrous phosphate ( LFP ) batteries while lowering the cost.
At the same time, it strove to develop new types of batteries with a higher energy density, in attempt to increase the mileage and overall competitive advantage of its new energy vehicles. As for its solar energy business, the Group expedited market expansion and actively increased its overseas presence, continuing to cut losses in this sector.
In order to optimize capital structure and resource allocation, strengthen its strategic focus and accelerate business evolution, the Group sold all the equity of its subsidiary Shenzhen BYD Electronic Component Limited in February 2015. In June, the Group completed the employee stock ownership plan and established the profit sharing mechanism between shareholders and the staff to lay a solid foundation for the future 
sustainable development in the long term. At the end of 2015, the non-public offering of A shares application of the Group was approved.
After the offering, the Group will further increase the production capacity of power batteries and expedite research and development in new energy vehicles in order to accelerate its business development in new energy vehicles. In addition, the Group s new subsidiary auto- financing company officially went into operation during Year, bringing in a new source of revenue and profit potential.
In 2016, the first year of the 13th Five-year Plan , it is expected that the Chinese economy will maintain steady development with promising prospects for emerging industries. The Chinese automobile industry will also enter a new monumental period by undergoing transformation and evolution. It is expected that the government will continue its support of the new energy vehicle industry, allowing it to maintain a high growth rate. The Group will continue to expand the 7+4 layout, and with BYD s superiority in technology and product quality, it will strive to improve market penetration, expand market share and boost brand image to order to promote sustained improvement in revenue and profitability of its new energy vehicle sector.
It is predicted that product demand for metal cases in the handset component and assembly business will increase as their usage in middle to lower level models rise accordingly while the demand for smart phone upgrades is foreseen to maintain steady growth. The Group will continue to step up cooperation with domestic and overseas handset brands and manufacturers and actively obtain more orders from new clients in effort to improve the revenue and profit from this 
In the rechargeable battery and photovoltaic business, the Group will closely monitor market conditions and continue to expand the production capacity in power batteries in order to capitalize on the rapid development of the new energy vehicle industry. Its solar energy business will aim to improve business revenue and profitability by continuously increasing its effort in market development and continuing with its cost-control measures.
BYD will remain committed in its contribution to environmental protection with its three green energy dreams , namely solar power energy, energy storage and transmission, and new energy vehicles, and aims to provide green energy solutions with zero pollution and emissions across the industry chain from power generation, to storage and usage. On behalf of BYD, I would like to express gratitude to our customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their support and trust in the Group and all the staff members for their diligence in the past year. BYD will continue to expedite the development of all of its businesses and focus on maximizing returns to 
Shenzhen, the PRC, 28 March 2016 