Chairman,s Statement
The year 2016 was a tumultuous year for the global economy. Mounting
political uncertainties, the continued slowdown of China’s economic
growth and a strong U.S. dollar hurt both business activity and consumer
demand in China and Hong Kong.
In face of this weak retailing environment, Lifestyle International
implemented a series of measures that were geared towards reinforcing
its competitive positioning and business differentiation, in turn enhancing
its sales performance, which enabled it to achieve resilient results. The
Group focused on optimizing its merchandise and brand mix assortment,
enhancing existing operational services, reinvigorating its SOGO
Causeway Bay store with ongoing refurbishment works, and boosting a
wide range of promotional and marketing activities. All of these efforts
have enabled the Group forge ahead and outperform the broader retail
market in 2016.
During the year, the Group continued to execute pragmatic business
strategies to address short-term challenges, whilst also maintaining a
forward looking perspective by grasping new opportunities with longterm
future potential. In July 2016, the Group spun off and listed Lifestyle
China separately on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Following the spin-off, the Group will stay focused on the store operations
and business development of its two department stores in Hong Kong,
namely Causeway Bay and Tsim Sha Tsui, in the foreseeable future. To
capture and pave the way for sustainable long-term growth, in November
2016, the Group acquired a plot of commercial land in the Kai Tak
Development area, East Kowloon. The site will be developed to host a
new SOGO Department store along with other commercial, entertainment
and dining facilities. The Group believes that the upcoming SOGO store,
which is expected to commence operations in 2022, in the new Kai Tak
Development area will be able to benefit from government supported
redevelopment initiatives, which include a mix of community, housing,
business, tourism and infrastructure amenities.
For the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group’s profit from continuing
operation was similar to that of the previous year at amount HK$1.57
billion, while the profit was hurt by sales decline, it was partly lifted by
an increase in investment income. Earnings per share for the year were
stable at HK cents 98. Despite a drop in the reported profit, the board of
directors is pleased to recommend a final cash dividend of HK cents 34.3
per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK cents 28.9 already
paid during the year, the dividend for the year 2016 totaled HK cents 63.2,
same as 2015 and represented about 64% of the Group’s earnings from
continuing operation.
Despite these tough market conditions, the Group’s operations in Hong
Kong remained on solid footing during the period under review. With the
Group’s strong brand equity and effective business strategies, the Group
reported a 4.6% decline in sales, compared with the Hong Kong retail
sector which saw its sales tumbled 8.1% in 2016, the worst slump since
the 2003 SARS epidemic. While the retailing environment in Hong Kong
remained rather challenging during the first half of 2016, amongst highly
volatile financial market and geopolitical and economic uncertainties
around the globe, the local retailing market exhibited signs of stabilization
in second half of the year, with signs of easing sales decline.
While local spending may continue to be affected by a strong Hong
Kong dollar, the Group remains cautious on the outlook for the retail
market in 2017, with the global economy appearing to stay on course for
a moderate pick-up in growth. Additionally, with the near completion of
renovation works at the SOGO CWB store, the foot traffic and business
should improve when compared to 2016.
In spite of the current headwinds, the Group will stay focused on
implementing its long-standing strategies to optimize its existing
operation network and provide an unmatched shopping experience for
all its customers. We will continue to provide premium quality products,
services and experiences in order to differentiate ourselves in the
marketplace, in the face of rapidly changing consumer behavior.
As always, the Group remains open to lucrative business opportunities that
have good potential in bringing sustainable returns for our shareholders.
On behalf of the board, I would like to give heartfelt thanks to our
management team members and staff for their exemplary hard work and
contributions throughout the year. Moreover, I would like to express my
gratitude to our customers, business partners, and shareholders for their
long-standing trust and support towards the Group. We look forward to
your continued trust and patronage in the many years to come.
Lau Luen Hung, Thomas
Chairman
13 March 2017