Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of BYD Company Limited ( BYD or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ), I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2010 (the Year ).
Reviewing 2010, the global financial system gradually got back to a firmer foundation following the continual recovery of financial crisis in 2008. Given the fact that the PRC automobile industry continued to maintain rapid growth during the Year, the Group timely changed the previous marketing strategy of expanding the distributor network swiftly and was committed to optimizing the automobile sales network as well as maintaining a steady development of its operations. Meanwhile the rechargeable battery business continued to maintain its leading position in the industry during the Year. In particular, the commercial operation of lithium ferrous phosphate batteries proceeded smoothly, and the Group commenced the commercial operation of its new energy business. In addition, the Group s handset components and assembly services also successfully captured the upturn in the handset market and the business opportunity of the popularization of smart phones, generating satisfactory income for the Group. During the Year under review, turnover of the Group increased by approximately 18.28% to RMB46,685 million.
Profit attributable to equity holders of the parent company was approximately RMB2,523 million. Earnings per share were RMB1.11. The Board of Directors did not recommend a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2010.
Since the commencement of automobile business in 2003, BYD has created a sustained advantage of price competitiveness ratio by leveraging its vertical integration operation and it continually expanded the customer base with its reasonable prices and quality products. During the Year, the Group has altered its market strategy from rapidly expanding the distributor network to aggressively optimizing the automobile sales network.
Notwithstanding the influence brought by the sales network adjustment, the Group s overall automobile business managed to maintain stable performance, achieving overall automobile sales of more than 500,000 units, representing an increase of approximately 10% year on year. Various models manufactured by the Group achieved satisfactory sales. The three new automobile models, namely G3, M6 and L3, were well accepted in the market. These models further diversified the product mix of the Group while creating new revenue sources for the Group.
Apart from conventional automobiles, the Group s new energy automobile business achieved a significant breakthrough during the Year. The Group s electric vehicle E6, dual-mode electric vehicle F3DM and electric bus K9 all achieved satisfactory progress during the Year and won wide recognition. To further drive the electric vehicle business, apart from self-development, the Group and Daimler AG ( Daimler ) signed a joint venture contract in May 2010 to establish Shenzhen BYD Daimler New Technology Co., Ltd. in China for the joint research and development of new electric vehicles. In February 2011, Shenzhen BYD Daimler New Technology Co., Ltd. obtained business license and was officially established.
During the Year, the global handset market and the power tool market revived gradually from the financial crisis. The Group 
successfully maintained its leading position in the rechargeable battery market with a dominating global market share. In addition, the Group also further advanced its new energy plan focusing on electric vehicles, solar batteries and energy storage stations. The Group further invested in the enhancement of production capacity of lithium ferrous phosphate batteries and aggressively expanded its application areas, which contributed new growth in revenue and profit for the Group s rechargeable 
For handset components and assembly services, the Group successfully captured the business opportunity of an upturn in the market during the Year to continue to expand its market share.
Benefiting from the popularization of smart phones driving the rise of the domestic 3G handset market, the Group achieved significant growth in its handset components, assembly services and original design manufacturing ( ODM ) services. Leveraging its strong product competitiveness, the Group cemented the cooperation relationship with its existing customers and enhanced its market share in other leading global manufacturers.
Looking forward to 2011, it is anticipated that the automobile industry will maintain a steady development momentum.
Therefore, the Group will further optimize the sales network and diversify the automobile models this year so as to continue to increase the Group s market share in China. Meanwhile, the Group will also continue to step up investment in the new energy automobile sector and is determined to become a globally leading manufacturer in the conventional automobile and new energy automobile fields. On the other hand, new energy business is an important direction of the Group s future development. By leveraging its technology and cost advantages in the new energy sector, the Group is committed to achieving the commercial operation of its new energy business by establishing a strong new energy industry chain to facilitate the long-term and sustainable development of the business. As for handset components and assembly services, the Group will continue to improve its research and development capability and technologies, maintain and enhance product quality as well as cost advantages, and strive to develop an integrated global platform for manufacture and services, so as to further enhance its market position.
Undertaking its responsibilities as a good corporate citizen is a corporate culture of all the staff members of BYD. BYD will be committed to the social responsibilities that lie in the heart of corporate spirit, persist in giving back to the society and realise energy conservation and emission reduction through the development of new energy and new energy vehicle businesses in order to contribute efforts to the social development of the world that it deserves.
Finally, on behalf of BYD, I would like to express gratitude to our loyal customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their support and trust in the Group and all the staff members who have been alongside with and made contribution to the Group. BYD will continue to promote the development of all business areas and focus on making the biggest return for the 
Shenzhen, the PRC, 12 March 2011 
