Managing Director s Message 
Lau Luen Hung, Thomas 
The global economy stayed on a largely steady footing in 2013, during which the US economy recovered gradually while EU countries started to recover from its debt crisis. Meanwhile, China recorded an annual GDP growth of 7.7%, not a stellar figure compared with previous years but one slightly higher than the government s target of 7.5%.
Notwithstanding the uncertainties, Lifestyle International s highly professional and dedicated management team remained focused on putting into practice the Group s sound business strategies. These involved implementing well designed marketing and promotion tactics and refining the brand and merchandise portfolios of the Group s various retail operations, with a view to achieving short-to long-term profitability while strengthening its brand equity. These efforts had paid off with a healthy and satisfactory set of results, generated mainly from our solid retail business in Hong Kong, as well as our investment and operations in mainland China that have been growing from strength to strength. The year 2013 saw the opening of the Shenyang Jiuguang bringing the number of our Jiuguang stores in the mainland to four in total. We also launched our first standalone Freshmart store in Shanghai, marking a new chapter in our effort to branch out into new market segments.

For the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group s turnover and net profit grew year-on-year by 7.8% and 19.0% respectively to HK$5,955.3 million and HK$2,448.2 million, while aggregate sales revenue was up 7.1% from the previous year. The Board of Directors is pleased to recommend the payment of a final cash dividend of 32.7 Hong Kong cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of 26.4 Hong Kong cents paid during the year, the dividend for the financial year of 2013 amounted to 59.1 Hong Kong cents.
In 2013, our retail operations in Hong Kong continued to make up a significant share and constituted 73.5% of the Group s total revenue, with a year-on-year growth of 6.5%. Bolstered by the steady economic condition and tourist arrivals, the growth of the Group s operations in Hong Kong is considered healthy given its relatively high base and the absence of additional retailing space.
Building on Jiuguang s rising brand equity, our operations in mainland China as a whole grew at a gradual pace. Shanghai Jiuguang s sales performance by and large remained unchanged compared with the previous year, due largely to weak market sentiment, brand reshuffling and fierce competition. However, the store remained widely popular and competent, as evidenced by a 7.6% year-on-year increase in the traffic footfall. Meanwhile, Suzhou Jiuguang continued to ride on a robust growth momentum, whereas the Dalian Jiuguang also reported positive sales growth as it gradually solidified its foothold. In October 2013, Shenyang Jiuguang had a soft opening and got off to a steady start.
The Group s strategic investment in the Beiren Group, a leading retailer based in Shijiazhuang, Hebei Province, continued to build on its strong Beiguo brand equity and network, thus leading to handsome sharing of its profits by the Group. For the year 2013, total sales revenue went up 15.6% from the previous year and the Group s share of results of associates (including profit attributable to non-controlling interest) from this investment rose 24.3% to HK$348.6 million.
The Group completed in September 2013 the spin-off and separate listing of its Hong Kong and mainland property investment and development business ( Lifestyle Properties ) on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The spin-off was part of the Group s strategy to optimise its operational efficiency and consolidate its business interests. Following the IPO, Lifestyle International still holds 59.56% equity interest in Lifestyle Properties.
Lifestyle Properties recorded a profit attributable to owners in the amount of HK$58.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2013. With a small portfolio of investment properties valued at approximately HK$716.8 million and cash and other receivable of HK$637.6 million, Lifestyle Properties is expected to have sufficient financial resources to complete the property development project in Shenyang.
The Group currently has one project under development, which involves the site in Zhabei, Shanghai. Piling work already commenced before year-end and the project is preliminarily scheduled for completion in 2017. The project represents a strategic move whereby the Group will be able to leverage its existing resources in Shanghai and further expand its presence in the Yangtze River Delta region.

Despite the relatively fragile recovery of the world economy, the management believes the reforms and policies implemented by the new Chinese leadership will benefit the country s economy in the mid- to long- term. Thus, our outlook on the retail sector for the coming year, in particular in terms of discretionary consumer products in Hong Kong and mainland China, is largely positive. Nevertheless, we shall remain prudent and cautious in light of the current relatively weaker consumer sentiment.
Nonetheless, the management will remain committed to striving for profitability and the Group s long-term growth, deploying well thought business and marketing strategies so as to stay on a growth trajectory.
We will also remain open to lucrative business opportunities, so long as they demonstrate high potential for further expanding our business and solidifying our foundation. Meanwhile, SOGO TST is off to a new start as the business in its current location has ceased since 12 February 2014, while the replacement location in the same vicinity is scheduled for opening in the fourth quarter of this year.
The year 2014 marks the 10th anniversary of Lifestyle International s public listing in Hong Kong, which was a milestone that signified the Group s solid standing in the department store sector in Hong Kong.
Since then, the Group has grown to become a leading, seasoned operator of lifestyle department stores, achieving a turnover CAGR of 15.7% from 2004 to 2013. It has also earned its reputation of providing only good quality products and services through its various operations in Hong Kong and the mainland. While the brands SOGO, Jiuguang and Freshmart continue to grow and shine, the Board will spare no effort to uphold the Group s leading industry status and excel further. With the support of our dedicated and experienced management team and staff, the Board is confident that Lifestyle International will continue to play a pivotal role in the industry and that its business will keep expanding, thus bringing greater value to our shareholders in the longer run.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank all our management team members and staff for their commitment and contributions. I also greatly appreciate the constant support of our customers, business partners and shareholders. We shall be grateful for your continuing trust and support in the years to come.
Lau Luen Hung, Thomas 
24 February 2014 