2015 was a challenging year for the global economy and China, in particular, saw its GDP growth sliding to below 7%, the slowest in 25 years. Amidst weakening economy, sliding demand for luxury goods by the Chinese and a strong US dollar, retail market in both China and Hong Kong continued to experience correction throughout 2015.
Lifestyle International stayed focused on reinforcing its business strengths and leading market position despite the challenging operating environment. The Group managed to deliver a set of resilient financial results for the year 2015 as it continued to offer top-notch lifestyle shopping experiences for its customers, with its operations in Hong Kong outperformed the market average.
During the year, both SOGO Causeway Bay ( SOGO CWB ) and Shanghai Jiuguang continued to focus on their renovation programs seeking to enhance customers shopping experiences. Given the scale of the renovation works and the need to minimize interferences on normal operations at the store front, the revamp works had been scheduled to be carried out in phases, and will continue into 2016. These asset enhancement initiatives are necessary as part of the efforts to strengthen further the Group s status as the most sought-after shopping destination in each of the two cities, a move that is expected to contribute to better store performance down the road.
For the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group s turnover recorded small growth but saw the net profit eased 10.7% to HK$1.9 billion.
Earnings per share for the year were HK cents 118.7, down 9.2% year on year. Despite a decline in the reported profit due mainly to a relative small investment income as compared to that of the previous year, the board of directors is pleased to recommend a final cash dividend of HK cents 34.3 per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK cents 28.9 already paid during the year, the payout for the year 2015 totaled HK cents 63.2, higher than the total dividend of HK cents 59.1 in 2014. It represented 53.2% of reported profit.

Notwithstanding a tough operating environment, the Group s operations in Hong Kong delivered solid performance during the year under review.
Defying the broad market downturn, the Group s retail operations in Hong Kong outperformed the average of the city s retail sector by recording 2.3% sales growth. The partially revamped SOGO CWB store already offers shoppers a more stylish and shopper-friendly environment that is commensurate with its enriched brand portfolio seeking to cater to a broader customer base. These strategic efforts have proved some success in the store s sales efficiency and productivity. Following the relocation in November 2014 to another prime landmark in Tsim Sha Tsui, SOGO Tsim Sha Tsui ( SOGO TST ), with a significantly improved product mix, quickly attracted a huge following of old and new customers. This relaunched store has been growing steadily and delivered better-than-expected sales performance.
Against the backdrop of a slowing economy and intensified competition brought about by different on-line off-line retailing formats, coupled with a change in consumer preferences, we start to see diverging retailing environment among different cities in China, with the bigger and service oriented cities tending to be more resilient. We saw our Shanghai Jiuguang and Suzhou Jiuguang continued to exhibit their strengths and solid market positioning amid stiff competition but the Group had to close down operation of its relatively young store in Shenyang due to the poor local economic conditions. This strategic decision was to help the Group reallocating its resources to other areas which are expected to be 
Leveraging its leadership position, Beiren Group, our strategic investment in Shijiazhuang, Hebei Province, continued to deliver stable performance during 2015, amidst a highly competitive operating environment.
Construction work of the Group s new retail and commercial complex in Daning, Shanghai is currently under construction and proceeding smoothly. The project, tentatively scheduled for completion in 2018, will feature a commercial complex, comprising a large-scale retail venue, office blocks and the Group s second Jiuguang store in Shanghai.
Looking into 2016, we expect the downward correcting trend of the economy and retailing environment in both mainland China and Hong Kong is likely to continue. Notwithstanding the expected headwinds, our resourceful management team has a proven track record of mastering changes and creating shareholder value during challenging times and the Group will stay focused on consolidating its business strengths and leading market position through a variety of strategies and measures. The Group will continue to work on its store renovation program and at the same time to improve the brand and product portfolios of its existing 
Whilst remaining open to new strategic investment opportunities, the Group looks forward to generating greater returns for its shareholders with its existing assets and operations.

On behalf of the board, I would like to express my sincerest gratitude to all our management team members and staff for their industrious efforts during the year. I also extend my appreciation to the unrelenting support of our customers, business partners and shareholders. We shall be grateful for your continuing trust and support in the years to come.
Lau Luen Hung, Thomas 
29 February 2016 