Managing Director's Message 
Leading the industry and Building for the future 
LAU Luen-hung, Thomas 
The year 2008 saw dramatic changes in the global economy and financial market that had posed significant challenges to governments, corporations and individuals around the world. To weather the economic turbulence, Lifestyle International had stayed focused on implementing sound business strategies for its core business and managed to achieve satisfactory results for the Group.
For the year ended 31st December, 2008, the Group recorded a 13.1% increase in turnover from the previous year and net profit of HK$927.2 million. The Board has recommended payment of a final cash dividend of HK12.0 cents per share and together with the interim dividend of HK12.0 cents that was paid on 12th September, 2008, total dividends for the 2008 financial year amounting to HK24.0 cents.
Despite the volatile market condition in 2008, total retail sales in Hong Kong still increased by 10.5% in value for the whole year. The first few months of 2008 saw the retail market continued to enjoy the growth momentum carried forward from the previous year, before the growth rate began to tail off following the disastrous Sichuan earthquake in May, exceptionally wet weather in Hong Kong in June, and mounting uncertainties due to the global financial crisis emanating from the US subprime mortgage crisis.
Nonetheless, the negative market sentiment started to improve slightly from November onwards as the global financial market had begun to stabilize, thus helping to drive up retail sales towards the end of the year. The improvement was also a result of the festive atmosphere coupled with a rebound in inbound tourism in Hong Kong.

In the face of the challenge, the Group stayed focused on pursuing its business strategies through careful planning and execution of various initiatives. The perseverance had translated into modest growth of the Group s businesses in both Hong Kong and Shanghai for the year as a whole.
During the year, SOGO CWB continued to be the major contributor of the Group s revenue and profit. Sales growth of the flagship store, which in effect serves as a barometer of Hong Kong s economy, had been largely in line with fluctuations in the financial market and economic changes. Yet thanks to its solid foundation and leading industry status, SOGO CWB maintained a moderate 7.7% growth on the whole, compared with 18.2% in the previous year. Meanwhile, SOGO TST delivered more than satisfactory results, effectively affirming it as a popular shopping destination for young and fashion-conscious customers. For the year under review, the store logged a 26.8% sales growth, compared with 19.5% in 2007.
As the leading department store operator, we maintained a sizeable market share at around 2.2% of total retail sales and 21.4% of department store sales in Hong Kong.
Our Shanghai Jiuguang continued to achieve sales and profit growth. During the year, it recorded a 18.7% increase in sales, compared with 40.4% in the previous year. As with Hong Kong consumers, mainland consumers had become more cautious about spending due to the global economic downturn. This had led to dramatic slowdown in sales growth at the store in the second half of the year. Nevertheless, Shanghai Jiuguang still managed to deliver double-digit sales growth for the year as a whole.
Regarding our new operations in China, we are pleased to announce that our Dalian store began trial operation at the end of 2008 and the official opening is scheduled for April 2009. The Group s second self-built store in China, Suzhou Jiuguang, located in the heart of Suzhou Industrial Park, was inaugurated on 16th January, 2009.
With a gross floor area of approximately 170,000 square metres, the six-level Suzhou Jiuguang is currently the largest department store in Suzhou City and a one-stop destination for fine dining, entertainment and shopping. Meanwhile, the Tianjin store is scheduled to open in the fourth quarter in 2009 and the Shenyang store in 2011.
This carefully planned opening schedule of new stores will steadily increase the Group s retailing space and exposure in the PRC without overstretching our financial resources amid the current economic climate.

Seizing a solid foundation 
In view of the current economic uncertainties, the management takes a cautious view on the Hong Kong and Mainland retail markets in 2009.
Nevertheless, we believe the relative impact on China would not be as significant and domestic demand would continue to rise, thanks to the central government s stimulus package aimed to pushing economic growth and boosting domestic consumptions. The stimulus package is believed to also benefit Hong Kong given its close economic ties with China.
We are confident of our ability to ride on our solid foundation and to stay focused on maintaining the well-being of our existing operations through careful planning and execution of our innovative promotion and marketing strategies. In addition, the current economic climate and financial uncertainties are set to provide investment opportunities to the Group and as such, the Group will continue to seek new projects with a view to expanding the Group s business in the coming years.
Last but not the least, on behalf of the board I would like to take this opportunity to thank our team for their hard work throughout the year, as well as our customers, business partners and shareholders for their support. We look forward to your continuing trust and support in the years to come.
Lau Luen-hung, Thomas 
3rd March, 2009 