Managing Director s Message 
Fortify Leadership in Hong Kong with Great Strides in China 
LAU Luen-hung, Thomas 
2006 saw another successful year for Lifestyle International, during which we were not only able to reaffirm the solid foundations of our existing stores but also to make progress in terms of our expansion plans in China.
Built on our firm foundation, the Group delivered record results in 2006.
We are optimistic of retaining our leading position in the department store segment in Hong Kong and of attaining a similar position in our 
SOGO in Causeway Bay ( SOGO CWB ), the Group s flagship store in Hong Kong, continued to contribute solidly to the Group s sales and profits in 2006, while SOGO in Tsimshatsui ( SOGO TST ) succeeded in building its own strong following in its first full year of operation. Jiuguang Store also excelled, contributing to the Group s revenue ahead of target. While we are satisfied with the performance of our existing stores, we are not complacent. With much anticipation, we announced two new projects in December, one in Suzhou and another in Shenyang, marking an important step in our PRC growth 
I am pleased to report that for the year ended 31st December, 2006, the Group recorded increases of 21% in sales proceeds, 21% in turnover and 37% in net profit as compared to the previous year. The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK cents 21.0 in cash per share.

In Hong Kong, both SOGO CWB and SOGO TST have performed well, benefiting from a positive retail environment. Overall consumer purchasing power has grown along with an improving employment market and increasing inbound tourist numbers. The booming stock market in the latter part of the year additionally boosted consumer confidence and retail spending.
The success of SOGO CWB is not only a matter of its landmark location but also the execution capability of the management team in terms of providing a different shopping experience for our customers. This includes customer retention initiatives such as lifestyle and leisure services and programs at our SOGO CLUB plus the recent opening of our premium Japanese restaurant Wa-San-Mai, all under 
With just over one year of operation, SOGO TST has been well received by customers and has become one of the more popular shopping destinations on the Kowloon Peninsula, targeting young and fashionable consumers.
Overall, we are satisfied with the results for 2006, with our market share in Hong Kong continuing to increase, reaching 2.1% of total retail sales and 20.3% of department store sales.
In addition, we continued to outpace the Hong Kong industry average by posting a 17.0% sales growth in Hong Kong as compared with the 8.1% growth in department stores sales in the territory and the 7.3% growth in overall retail 
Through our Jiuguang Store in Shanghai, we have made a successful entry into the mainland market and we are gradually shaping the lifestyle of consumers in Shanghai in a positive way by offering them a new, enjoyable, quality shopping experience. After two years of operations, we have proved our vision of becoming a store of choice in Shanghai.
Both traffic and sales numbers have grown fast, with average traffic volume increasing 21.9% and gross sales increasing 48.5% in 2006 as compared to the previous year.

Store in Shanghai, we are gradually shaping the lifestyle 
in Shanghai in a 
In order to pursue our stated expansion strategy and plans for growth, we will increase our investments in an aggressive yet cautious manner in the Mainland. We believe that our knowledge, experience and proven success in the department store industry can be extended to enable us become an outstanding operator of other retailing formats and related commercial operations.
While many cities in China have benefited tremendously from the strong economic growth in the past decade, there are certainly many other cities, especially non-coastal ones, which are trying to catch up. At present, people in many parts of China often travel long distances to well developed areas for a better shopping experience.
We are now going to bring our shopping experience right to 
The city of Suzhou has the highest GDP per capita among the cities in Jiangsu province. Located in the CRD (Central Retailing District) of Suzhou, our project will encompass a Jiuguang store with entertainment features and will provide approximately 168,000 square meters of gross floor area (GFA). This project will be able to capture consumers from the entire hinterland of Suzhou and surrounding cities, with a total population of more than 
Shenyang, the capital city of Liaoning province, is the largest and most economically vibrant city in Northeast China. Our project is located in Zhongjie Lu, one of the two busiest shopping areas in Shenyang, on what is said to be the first pedestrian shopping street in China. When completed, our project will provide 320,000 square meters of GFA, comprising a department store, a shopping and entertainment complex, hotels and other commercial facilities.
Just as we remain confident that sales and traffic growth at our Jiuguang Store will continue to accelerate, we can anticipate with some assurance that our new projects in Suzhou, Shenyang and other markets will be as successful, if not more so, bringing us healthy and sustainable returns on our investments.

Our new PRC projects going forward will be of a bigger scale, and consist of new and different lifestyle formats 
Looking ahead, the Group will act to maintain its market leadership in Hong Kong while focusing on our aggressive expansion plans in the PRC. We are going to reinforce Jiuguang s brand value by rolling out this branding to our other new projects, which will be of a bigger scale going forward and will not only feature our traditional department store but also consist of new and different lifestyle formats as it is our intention to make each of our projects a retailing focal point for its area. This move will inevitably create new challenges for the management of Lifestyle International, but it will nevertheless give the Group greater flexibility to be able to provide our customers with a truly unique, complete and fulfilling shopping and entertaining experience where all their lifestyle needs can be satisfied in one location.
China s economy and retail market will continue to grow at a healthy pace and we plan to keep a portfolio of new projects under negotiation, which we target to yield new developments each year.
We believe this will help grow the Group s operating area significantly that will lay a solid foundation for our growth in the next decade.
Under such a strategy, we believe the Group will become a major PRC retailing player in future.
When comparing the retail market in Hong Kong with the PRC, we believe that the long term growth prospects for Hong Kong will remain positive, even if not as expansive as the PRC. While we remain conservatively optimistic about the retail industry in Hong Kong, there are underlying concerns and challenges such as surging labor and other operating costs that might impact on profit margins.
Management will continue to implement effective cost control and other measures to mitigate these factors.
Our success is the result of the efforts of our staff and the support of our shareholders, business partners and customers. On behalf of the board, I wish to thank them for their very important contributions in 2006. With their continued support and encouragement, we are confident and ready to meet the challenges and seize the opportunities which lie ahead.
LAU Luen-hung, Thomas 
27th February, 2007 