Managing Director s Message 
a Delightful Day with plentiful choices 
Lau Luen-hung, Thomas 
For years, Lifestyle International has been following a set of business strategies that are prudent yet proactive, visionary yet viable. With the comprehensive insight and dedication of the management team, the Group has always been able to maintain a sharp focus on its business objectives and strive for growth. From a solid beginning anchored on a single department store in Causeway Bay, Hong Kong, the Group has grown to become a well-known retail operator with solid business operations in various regions across China, including Shanghai, Suzhou, Dalian and Tianjin. Today, Sogo and Jiuguang are household names that represent the preferred shopping destinations for customers of different nationalities and from all walks of life.
As a well-established industry leader in its hometown, Lifestyle International has witnessed ups and downs of the sector and the economy over the years. In good times, the Group s operations consistently report remarkable growth; when the going gets tough, it is still able to show its mettle and outshine its industry peers.
The year 2011 was one such year in which Lifestyle International showed its strength and resilience amid challenges. Despite various downside risks around the world that affected many economies and enterprises, the Group managed to keep a steady footing and continued to deliver a satisfactory set of operating results for the year. Its Hong Kong operations continued to outperform the market average and the mainland businesses also fared well.
For the year ended 31 December 2011, the Group s turnover and net profit respectively increased year-on-year by 18.9% and 34% to HK$5,132 million and HK$1,886.3 million. Consistent with previous years, the Board has decided to continue the approximately 40% payout on earnings and hence recommended payment of a final cash dividend of HK cents 25.7 per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK cents 19.2 paid during the year, the total dividends for the whole financial year 2011 amounted to HK cents 44.9. Over the last seven years, the Group s earnings represented a compound annual growth rate of 24.2%. The strong performance was attributable to the Group s well-tuned business strategies and its solid foothold in the Hong Kong and mainland Chinese retail industries, which consistently enjoyed tremendous growth during the period.

While the European sovereign debt crisis continued to deepen and the US struggled with its economic woes throughout 2011, China s economy remained relatively strong, recording a 9.2% GDP growth. Retail sales of consumer goods grew by 17.1% year-on-year, a mild slowdown from 18.4% in 2010. In Hong Kong, the general economy was inevitably affected by the global economic slowdown but the retail industry grew spectacularly at a rate of 24.8%, the highest in recent decades, thanks to the stable employment market, positive consumer sentiment, wealth effect and the thriving inbound tourism.
During the year, the Group stayed focused on implementing sensible business strategies, with a view to maintaining a leadership position in our hometown. We also launched a variety of measures to mitigate the economic uncertainties and volatilities. Our Hong Kong operations continued to outperform the sector, with a combined sales revenue contributing to 21.7% of the gross sales revenue of Hong Kong s department store sector.
Our operations in mainland China also stayed on an upward trend throughout the year. While the Shanghai Jiuguang store saw a deceleration in terms of year-on-year sales growth, our two younger stores, namely Suzhou Jiuguang and Dalian Jiuguang, continued to gain traction. In particular, Suzhou performed in a way that exceeded the management s expectations. We are confident of their ability to make greater contribution to the Group s profit in future.
The Group s strategic investment in the Beiren Group has steadily proved to be a reliable profit generator, which clearly illustrates Lifestyle International s ability to identify lucrative opportunities. In 2011, the Beiren Group recorded sales growth higher than the average in the PRC, and the profit margin continued to expand.
With many uncertainties still lingering around the European debt crisis and the recovery of the US and the global economy, the year 2012 looks set to be even more challenging. Therefore, the management takes a cautious outlook on the Hong Kong and China economies and their retail markets in 2012. Nevertheless, there are reasons to be optimistic.
We believe China s consumer market will continue to grow, amid continued urbanisation and expansion of the middle class across the country. As for Hong Kong, the home turf of Lifestyle International, the management believes the retail market may experience slightly higher growth compared with mainland China in 2012, given Hong Kong s unique position as a shopping paradise that will continue to attract mainland shoppers. Moreover, the persisting wealth effect and resilient demand from local consumers should not be overlooked.
Construction of the Group s Shenyang store is nearing completion and the store is set to open in early 2013. Meanwhile, we are pleased to report that we acquired in December 2011 a plot of land in the bustling Zhabei District, Shanghai, in order to push ahead with the Group s long-term growth plan in China. The site will be developed into a commercial complex, part of which will be established as our second Jiuguang store in Shanghai. The move will enable the Group to further tap the vast potential of the important Shanghai market, and it represents a key strategic milestone of the Group as it seeks to solidify its presence in the Yangtze River Delta.

Leveraging our strong balance sheet and operating cash flow, and our unparalleled brand equity, we always keep ourselves open to new investment opportunities and are able to rely on support from banks. In 2011, we secured a HK$5 billion 5-year loan facility from a syndicate of banks, partly for refinancing the remaining balance of the existing HK$4 billion facility secured in 2006. To establish an alternative financing channel for itself, in January 2012, the Group placed a debut issue to the tune of US$350 million with a 5-year tenor that drew an overwhelming response in the market. Both the Group and the bond have been assigned a Baa3 and BBB- rating by Moody s and Fitch. The issuance not only provided additional funding to the Group but it also marked an important step in the Group s corporate development.
Lastly, on behalf of the board, I would like to thank our management team members and staff for their hard work throughout the year, as well as our customers, business partners and shareholders for their support.
We shall be grateful for your continuing trust and support in the years 
Lau Luen-hung, Thomas 
27 February 2012 