Managing Director s Message 
Leading the industry and Building for the future 
Lau Luen-hung, Thomas 
The year 2010 saw Asia leading the way in recovering from the global financial crisis. China fared particularly well with a remarkable 10.3% GDP growth amid robust domestic consumption and exports growth. In addition, China s consumption-friendly policies, rising income of urban dwellers and the middle class, and accelerating urbanisation were key factors contributing to the strong growth in the retail market.
Lifestyle International was able to capitalise on such positive economic developments and the return of consumer confidence and spending. During the year, the Group stayed focused on leveraging on its business and industry strengths. Our efforts culminated in an impressive set of financial results for the year 2010 with the turnover and profit shot up by 14.9% and 23.2% respectively over the previous year. This was also signified in particular by record-high sales revenue and profit that marked the sixth consecutive year of growth, with the 6-year CAGR for turnover and profit at 17.9% and 22.6% respectively.
The remarkable results stemmed in part from the favourable retail environment but more importantly, they reflected also the ingenious strategies the Group has implemented, as well as the operating leverage that we enjoy from our self-owned model, especially in light of constant increase in rentals and growing scarcity of prime retail locations. All these have been made possible by the Group s unrivalled experience and expertise in managing retail and property businesses in Hong Kong and China.

the shopping destination of 
With such impressive earnings achieved in 2010, the Board is pleased to recommend the payment of a final cash dividend of Hong Kong cents 19.0 per share. Together with the interim dividend of Hong Kong cents 14.7 paid during the year, total dividends for 2010 amounted to Hong Kong cents 33.7. Since the listing of the Company s shares on the Stock Exchange in 2004, the Group has remained committed to generating good and steady returns to our shareholders, and we have managed to deliver that promise through a consistent dividend payout of around 40% of our earnings to shareholders. During the period from 2005 to 2010, including the proposed final dividend this time, we would have distributed a total of approximately HK$2.4 billion cash dividend to 
Our Hong Kong operations delivered double-digit sales growth in 2010 on the back of strong domestic consumption and a significant rise in tourist arrivals, mostly mainland Chinese who benefited from their robust economic growth at home and currency appreciation. Sales growth also stemmed from the Group s meticulously planned marketing and promotion campaigns, as well as its continued efforts to strengthen customer loyalty. As the leading department store operator in Hong Kong, Sogo Hong Kong posted a 13.7% sales growth for the year, accounting for approximately 21.4% of the department store sales and 2.2% of the retail sales of Hong Kong.
In mainland China, our businesses also performed solidly.
Shanghai Jiuguang seized on the post-crisis retail boom, achieving a sales growth of 17.9% year on year. Indeed, the store is growing in significance in terms of its contribution to the Group s sales revenue and profit. Widely recognised as one of the most sought- after shopping locations in Shanghai, the store came third in terms of total sales revenue during the year among all department stores 
The Suzhou and Dalian Jiuguang store started to gather momentum during the year and were able to deliver 69.3% and 66.7% sales growth respectively. The two stores were launched at a relatively challenging time, and we were aware and prepared for the fact that they need some time to take off. The latest results not only confirmed that belief but also indicated that both stores have already opened up a path that will lead to greater market recognition and bigger market share.
Renovation at the Tianjin Lifestyle Plaza, the Group s first shopping mall in the PRC, was completed and the premise had a grand opening in December 2010. Market response has been encouraging and met our expectation, with over 80% of the space having been taken up.
The Group s equity investment in Beiren Group, a leading retailer based in Shijiazhuang, also reported satisfactory results in 2010, with the sales revenue and profit increased 28.9% and 97.3% respectively over the previous year. For the whole year, this investment contributed approximately HK$100.6 million (2009: HK$25.2 million) in profit to the Group.
Meanwhile, the development work of the Shenyang Jiuguang store building is in progress. The Group will closely monitor the construction progress and ensure a smooth launch of the store, which is scheduled before the middle of 2013.
Over the past few years, the Group has been able to build up a portfolio of quality properties for fulfilling its operation and investment objectives. With our strong operating cash flow and healthy financial position, as well as our proven track record of creating value for our properties, we will continue to be on the lookout for lucrative opportunities. We will adhere to our growth strategy in the mainland by way of enlarging our property portfolio, which we believe will bring greater value to our shareholders in the long run.

The recent stabilization of the general property price in China will provide better opportunity for the Group in negotiating new projects. The Group s self-built self-owned model should particularly be advantageous when pitching government projects as the retailing operations we subsequently put up at the premises will be able to create employment and provide stable tax revenue to the government. To continue our expansion plan in China, it is the intention of the management to commit new projects in the current year. To better leverage on the Group s human resources and the network built on our Shanghai Jiuguang, the locations we target on will be in the Yangtze River Delta region.
Looking ahead, the Group s management will be vigilant about the impact of economic uncertainties on the retail markets in mainland China and Hong Kong. That said, we remain positive, as we believe the recovery in the global economy saw in 2010 will be continuing into 2011, and that China will continue to maintain relatively high growth in the year to come. As the ongoing process of rebalancing from export-led to domestic demand-led growth is gathering momentum in China, Lifestyle International will stay in the forefront to capture growth in domestic demand. We will also further widen our client base by virtue of our sound business strategies and high 
We will strive to maintain our market leadership position in Hong Kong through ingenious business and marketing plans. In mainland China, the Group s platform for pursuing its long-term business goals, we will spare no effort to drive growth for all our Jiuguang stores. While focusing on sustaining Shanghai Jiuguang s growth momentum, we will continue to roll out effective marketing and promotion plans to ramp up performance of the young stores of Suzhou Jiuguang and Dalian Jiuguang.
Last but not the least, on behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our team members for their dedicated work throughout the year.
We are also grateful to our customers, business partners and shareholders, as we owe much of our success to your relentless support. We look forward to your continued trust and support in the many years to come.
Lau Luen-hung, Thomas 
28th February 2011 