Lau Luen Hung, Thomas Chief Executive Officer 
The world economic environment in the year 2014 was a mixed picture. While the performance of big economies such as the US and China continued to show divergence, Lifestyle International stayed on course in the execution of its planned business strategies and adhered to the Group s objective of creating a better lifestyle shopping experience for its customers.
During the year, the retail markets of both mainland China and Hong Kong was sluggish while consumer sentiment remained weak, due to general economic slowdown and the impact from China s anti-grafting measures. However, the Group took this opportunity to strengthen its competitiveness by reinforcing the brand equity of its SOGO and Jiuguang operations. Both the SOGO CWB and Shanghai Jiuguang underwent significant renovations during the year in order to enhance their appeal.
Given the scale of the renovation works and the need to minimise the impact to the stores normal operations, the revamp work is planned to be carried out in separate phases, continuing into 2015 and 2016. All these improvement initiatives are expected to further enhance the Group s competitive positioning, which will result in better store performance in the 
In 2014, we also had the pleasure of welcoming Qatar Investment Authority ( QIA ) as Lifestyle International s second largest shareholder. This partnership highlights the Group s long-established business strength and growth potential. We regard QIA as a high-quality long-term investor and believe that this strategic partnership will provide us with tremendous opportunities for potential collaboration in the future.

For the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group s turnover was flat, with net profit down by 12.4% to HK$2.14 billion. If the HK$157.2 million one-off disposal gains in 2013 were excluded, the profit drop this year was only 6.4%, which was primarily due to the first full year loss from the Shenyang store and the absence of profit contribution from the closure of the old SOGO TST store. Despite a drop in the reported profit, the board of directors ( Board ) is pleased to recommend a final cash dividend of 34.3 Hong Kong cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of 24.8 Hong Kong cents paid during the year, the dividend for the year 2014 totalled 59.1 Hong Kong cents, same as the 2013 full year dividend, and represented 45% of the 
The slowing trend in the Hong Kong retail market and the exceptional Occupy Central movement did not hinder SOGO CWB s growth. As a matter of fact, that store outperformed the average of the retail market by recording 3.4% sales growth.
During 2014, the Group implemented a series of renovation works at SOGO CWB, giving the store not only a new look but a notably broader variety of fashion brands and labels that cater to different customer groups. These efforts have successfully reinvigorated SOGO s leading position as a premium department store, further proving its commitment to deliver an exciting shopping experience for its customers. In addition, this has also increased the store s efficiency and sales productivity. In keeping to its commitment, the Group took less than four months to reopen SOGO TST in Tsim Sha Tsui last November a strategic arrangement that coincided with the November Thankful Week event. The store was quick in gaining a growth momentum that has generated sales revenue exceeding our management s expectation. It is expected that the store s sales will further improve when an additional area, previously left vacant due to approval issues, will be ready for operation before the upcoming May Thankful Week event.
Meanwhile, given the increased competition and rather weak domestic consumption trend across the mainland, performance of the retail market and the department store sector in particular, has been weak. However, the overall business results of our Jiuguang stores remain healthy, thanks to Lifestyle International s solid business foundation together with our experienced management teams in handling the mainland market under the wider economic context. In particular, Shanghai Jiuguang and Suzhou Jiuguang continued to demonstrate their strength amidst severe competition and we believe their performance is above the sector average.
Meanwhile, the relatively young Shenyang Jiuguang is gradually strengthening its foothold as the Group continues its effort in refining its brand and product mix, with the aim of building its inner strength in serving local customers.

We are equally delighted to see the healthy operational performance of the Beiren Group, a leading retailer based in Shijiazhuang, Hebei Province in which the Group has equity interest. For the year 2014, the total sales revenue recorded small positive growth and the Group s share of results of associates (including profit attributable to non-controlling interest) from the investment was close to HK$348 million, similar to last year. The operating results in 2014 was impacted not only by the keen market competition but also the temporary business disruption from the metro construction work as well as a store extension project at Beiren s two major flagship stores in Shijiazhuang. The disruption is expected to be short-lived and should imply greater potential for both stores to deliver better results after the works are completed in the near future.
Our Zhabei project in Shanghai is now in the foundation construction stage and is tentatively scheduled for completion in 2018. Meanwhile, we are drawing on our existing resources and experience in Shanghai to draft sound business plans and strategies for this new project, with the view of expanding the Group s presence in the Yangtze River Delta region. We are confident that the Zhabei project will be a major milestone in the development of a mixed use model consisting of both a department store and a shopping mall.
The Group believes that the mixed picture of the world economy in 2014 will remain unchanged this coming year, and the Chinese economy will likely consolidate to a more healthy and sustainable growth level. The management of Lifestyle International will remain prudent and cautious with regard to the retail markets in both mainland China and Hong Kong. However, we are relatively confident of the Group s ability to meet these ever-changing challenges. Regardless of what is in store for 2015, we will stay focused in maintaining and enhancing the profitability of our operations and investment through careful planning and effective execution of various business, marketing and promotion initiatives. We will take sensible and sound measures to nurture our younger operations in mainland China, while continuing on with our renovation programs, with the view of maintaining and strengthening the edge of our more established stores in Hong Kong and mainland China. As always, we will be open to lucrative business opportunities that have good potential in bringing sustainable returns, not least for our 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude to all our management team members and staff for their hard work and contributions to the Group. I also appreciate wholeheartedly the ongoing support of our customers, business partners and shareholders. We look forward to your continued trust and support in the coming years.
Lau Luen Hung, Thomas Chief Executive Officer 16 March 2015 