Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of BYD Company Limited ( BYD or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ), I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2013 (the reporting year ).
For the year 2013 under review, the recovery of global economy was slow. Amidst this sophisticated and volatile global economy, China s economy showed a steady growth momentum and achieved a stable annual growth of 7.7% which was the same with the previous year. Benefited from the ongoing growth of the China s economy as well as the increasing competitiveness of the Group, the automobile business of the Group attained satisfactory growth during the year. For the handset components and assembly business, the Group successfully explored international smartphone manufacturers as new customers and won new smartphone projects, driving the rapid growth of handset components and assembly business of the Group. For the rechargeable batteries business, the businesses of traditional batteries realized steady growth whilst solar business recovered steadily and its loss continued to narrow.
During the year, turnover of the Group increased 12.14% to RMB49,768 million. Profit attributable to owners of the parent Company was RMB553 million, representing an increase of 579.63%, with earnings per share at RMB0.23.The Board of Directors recommended the distribution of final dividend of RMB0.05 per share for the year ended 31 December 2013.
As the dominant trend of the automobile industry the development of new energy vehicles offers a solution to the energy shortage and air pollution issues and highlights the inevitable evolution of economic growth from traditional mode to energy saving mode. On September 2013, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the National Development and Reform Commission jointly issued the Notice on the Continuous Promotion and Application of New-Energy Vehicles ( 
a(u]Ovw 0 ) which announced the consistent promotion and application of new energy vehicles within the whole country during 2013 to 2015, laying a solid foundation for the development of new energy vehicles. The new energy vehicle industry embraces new development opportunities.
As a persistent driver of reforming the global new energy vehicle industry and a firm practitioner of the energy saving and remission reducing concept, BYD has been actively promoting the innovation of new energy vehicle technology and the application and promotion of the products as well as the industry reform from traditional automobiles to new energy vehicles. Being the world s only group of companies which spans the fields of automobile and battery, BYD has the world s leading core technology in terms of battery, electric motor and electric control, and successfully put K9 pure electric buses and e6 pure electric vehicles into operation in over 10 countries and regions, setting a new global record for the longest mileage of electric 
The Group launched the eye-catching dual mode electric vehicle model Qin (y) in December 2013. Through the successful launch of the dual mode strategy of Electricity for trips and gasoline for journeys , Qin (y) not only satisfies the mileage needs of the consumers, but also reduces its dependence on fuel oil and received overwhelming market response once it was launched As people are increasingly relying on the intelligent terminals and mobile Internet, the internet access, as an important strategic resource, becomes the key area for which the major manufacturers compete. The automobiles with intelligent operation platform will become mobile intelligent terminals and important access to mobile internet, which will provide new economic resources and development opportunities for the automobile companies with leading information technology. Being the world s only group of companies which spans the fields of automobile and information technology, BYD remains the pioneer in the globe by applying its advanced information technology to the automobile products, laying a good foundation for the evolution of traditional vehicles moving to the automobile intelligent platform and the automobile network.
Currently, the traditional automobiles still account for a higher proportion of the Group s automobile sales. With the accumulation of technologies and quality by the Group over the years, the Group once again created classic models for BYD automobiles during the year. The Group launched Sirui ( ), a medium- to high-end sedan model in April 2013. Sirui incorporated many of the world s leading high-end functions and built a new benchmark for self-owned brands of medium- to high-end sedan model. In addition, Speed (), the world s first car model equipped with remote control driving technology continued its hot sales and the Group s classic A-class model L3 and the first SUV model S6 continued to be widely popular.

For handset components and assembly business, with the rapid increase in the penetration of mobile Internet and the constantly enriching smartphone applications, the demand in the smartphone market will continue to grow rapidly. Further, the pursuit of user experience in comprehensive of mobile phones promotes the upgrade applications of materials, increasingly more high-end smartphones start adopting metal casings and metal components.
During the year, the Group has seized the significant opportunities of the industry development and made significant breakthrough in both the areas of customer base and technology. The Group developed a plastics-and-metal hybrid technology (PMH) during the year, of which the outstanding product performance was highly recognized by customers, helping the Group to secure a number of new orders from domestic and overseas smartphone manufacturers. The increased orders further optimized the Group s customer mix and expanded its market share, hence driving profitability.
As for the solar business, following the restructuring and consolidation of the solar industry and the gradual withdrawal of less competitive manufacturers from the markets, the industry has gradually resumed a new balance between the supply and demand, gradually minimizing the competition in the industry and driving up the product prices of solar energy products and hence the solar energy industry has been recovering. During the year, the Group continued to pay extra efforts in market expansion, accelerating existing projects and adopting appropriate cost control initiatives.
Therefore the loss of the solar business was gradually narrowed.
Looking into 2014, the Group will continue to pay extra efforts in technology, quality and product design in order to consistently improve its brand image and comprehensive competitiveness for the Group, thus adding fuels to its Second Take-off . The Group expects that the highly popular models of Speed, S6 and L3 will continue to enjoy impressive sales and it will also launch new high-end SUV model S7 and new A+class model during the year. In addition, the Group will endeavor to capture opportunities arising from the electrification of public transportation in Shenzhen and accelerate the replication and promotion of the Shenzhen model into other cities so as to expand the city cluster base of public transportation electrification.
Meanwhile, regarding the private automobile market, the Group will continue to implement the strategy with the first priority in dual mode electric and second in pure electric vehicles, so as to swiftly open up the private market of new energy sedan.
For the handset components and assembly business, the Group will continue to strengthen the research and development of new technologies and innovative products, strengthen its cooperation with global intelligent terminal manufacturers, deepen its cooperation relationship with new customers, and actively secure orders for high-end consumer electronics, particularly those from domestic smartphone brands, so as to increase its market shares in the smartphone market and other mobile intelligent terminals.
In respect of the solar business, the Group will continue to increase its efforts in market expansion and adopt cost control measures, so as to minimize the losses incurred by the solar business and capture further opportunities resulting from the rebound in the photovoltaic industry in the future.
Meanwhile, the Group will continue to advance its energy storage station and related business to finally achieve the three green energy dreams of BYD, namely new energy vehicles, solar power station and energy storage station.
Undertaking its responsibilities as a good corporate citizen is a corporate culture of all the staff members of BYD. BYD will be committed to the social responsibilities that lie in the heart of corporate spirit, persist in giving back to society and realize energy conservation and emission reduction through the development of new energy and new energy vehicle businesses in order to contribute efforts to the environmental development of the world that it 
Finally, on behalf of BYD, I would like to express gratitude to our loyal customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their support and trust in the Group and all the staff members who have been alongside with and made contribution to the Group in the past year. BYD will continue to promote the development of all business areas and focus on maximizing returns for shareholders.

Shenzhen, the PRC, 19 March 2014 