Chairman s Statement 
HOI Kin Hong Chairman and President 
On behalf of the Board of Powerlong, I hereby present our operating results for the year of 2010. As such, I first wish to express my sincere gratitude to the support and trust from all shareholders.
Powerlong continued its rapid growth in 2010.
Under various control policies implemented by the PRC government, the Company leveraged on new opportunities arising from the growth of economy, internally adjusted its management and externally expanded its business actively and aggressively. As a result, we made breakthroughs in our development.
The revenue for the year ended 31 December 2010 amounted to approximately RMB4,432.7 million, representing an increase of 7.2% as compared to that of the corresponding period of last year and the gains from revaluation on investment properties for the year ended 31 December 2010 was approximately RMB2,562.7 million. Net profit for the year ended 31 December 2010 amounted to approximately 
In 2010, the Group continued to remain focused on the development of large-scale property projects. Despite all uncertainties arising from the PRC macro-economic controls, Powerlong succeeded in solidifying its core business through centralized resources planning and diversified development strategies. The Group has been actively pursuing investment opportunities and expanding the land bank in a rational manner.
The Group insists on implementing prudent financial management ensuring healthy financial positions and sound operation during the second half of 2010.
Being able to capture the opportunities brought by commercial properties boom and take full advantage of its stable cash flow, the Group managed to get on a safe ride through the storm bringing satisfactory returns to the shareholders.
ACCELERATING FOR WIDER 
The year of 2010 was a challenging year for the PRC real estate market, but yet, an unprecedentedly booming year for commercial properties. As a developer specializing in commercial properties for eight years, Powerlong grasped the opportunity to briskly accelerate its nationwide expansion strategy.
In 2010, Powerlong acquired seven quality project sites in Shanghai, Tianjin, Hangzhou, Hechuan, Changchun, Anxi and Xiamen, increasing its land bank by more than 2 million square meters in GFA.
At present, our total land bank amounts to GFA of approximately 7.6 million square meters. For the year ended 31 December 2010, the Group successfully diversified into the hotel business. When our three 
hotels officially commence operation, the Group believes the new business would be another stream of recurring income and would bring additional value to our shareholders going forward. With regards to financial management, the Group has been actively pursuing various funding channels for its continuous expansion. In 2010, the Group raised USD 200 million through a bond issue and the net increase of bank loans is approximately RMB1,911.2 million. However, maintaining healthy cash flow and low debt ratio is still our consistent target.
INTRODUCTION OF THIRD- 
DRIVEN BY REPRODUCTION OF 
The Group is accelerating to catch up with the rapid urbanization in the PRC. Various measures are put in place for operation standardization including regular business review and formulated internal guidelines covering products, management, professionalism and 
Capitalizing on its improving internal controls, the Company launched its third-generation products and has successfully transformed into one of the most reputable developers for commercial properties in the PRC. The third-generation products are defined as a 1+N model, i.e. a comprehensive urban complex project which comprises a shopping mall with a number of buildings including residential apartments, five-star hotels, serviced apartments, SOHO offices or commercial walking streets. During the year of 2010, five comprehensive urban complex projects have successfully commenced operation. In addition, the Group successfully invited approximately 800 companies to attend two business strategic partnership conferences and established strategic cooperation relationships with over 50 top-tier companies covering businesses like supermarkets, cinemas, food and beverages and entertainment.
Cooperation with strategic partners who themselves are leading players in their own areas builds a solid foundation for the sale and lease of the Group s 
SETTING UP HEADQUARTERS IN SHANGHAI AND THE COMPLETION OF THE FIRST-PHASE OF TEAM 
In 2010, the Group successfully moved its headquarters to Shanghai and celebrated its 20th anniversary which attracted extensive attention 
in Shanghai, the Yangtze River Delta Region and nationwide. Having recruited talents from first-tier cities of China, the number of staff in our headquarters increased from 108 to 390 which significantly improved the overall business and management capacity of the Company. The Group has also established a more comprehensive management and human resource system and has preliminarily completed the team integration to be ready for the challenges ahead.
In the future, the Group will continue strengthening its talents through comprehensive staff training which in turn will further contribute to the rapid development of 
DEVELOPMENT STRATEGIES AND 
Quality is the Group s top priority in 2011. With the philosophy of more achievements, faster, better and more economical results, the Group is committed to attaining highest quality standards through precise and focused strategy control and implementation.
Subsequent to the listing in Hong Kong and the relocation of its headquarters to Shanghai, the Group is still at its stage of growth with projects steadily maturing and investments reaping rewards. There will be more challenges ahead and greater goals to strive for. Under the guidance of the Five-Year Outline Plan of Powerlong (2011-2015) , the Group is endeavoring to become the premier urban complexes developer in the PRC in the next five years through pursuing innovation and expansion. The Group s success is built upon trust and support of all staff, with the same goal in mind, Powerlong is confident in writing a new chapter in the coming years with its staff and business 
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I wish to express my sincere gratitude to the Group s investors, business partners and customers for their continuous support.
At the same time, I also wish to take this opportunity to thank the fellow members of the Board for their excellent contribution and the dedication of all staff.
Hoi Kin Hong 
24 March 2011 