Chairman s Statement 
HOI KIN HONG 
On behalf of the Board of Powerlong Real Estate Holdings Limited, I am pleased to present to all shareholders the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2012. I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders for their support and trust.
SEIZING MARKET PACE WITH COMPREHENSIVE IMPROVEMENT IN 
The Chinese economy managed a relatively stable growth of 7.8% amid the complicated and challenging international economic condition in 2012. In view of the austerity policy from the central government and market uncertainties, the real estate industry has been facing increasing operating pressure. In general, the real estate market regained momentum after a contraction during the year. The market remained sluggish due to the effects arising from the austerity policy in the first half year, yet mass demand and a 
recovery in liquidity pushed up both transaction price and volume in the second half year. The real estate industry recorded an increase of approximately 10% in total sales as compared with the previous year.
The Chinese government remained insisting on the promotion of economic transition and facilitated the implementation of policies in relation to domestic demand. As compared with the previous year, the total retail sales of consumer goods for the year increased by approximately 14%, representing a faster growth than the overall economic development. During the period under review, Powerlong analysed government policies and market trend in an active manner. By successfully seizing market pace, the Group recorded contracted sales of approximately RMB6,519 million, representing an increase of 18.9% over the previous year. Rental income and property management fee income achieved RMB508 million, representing an increase of 78.9% over last year, due to active promotion of commercial operations. The overall operating results improved to a large extent.

The Group marked its tenth anniversary since entering into the commercial real estate industry in 2012.
By focusing on the Chinese commercial real estate sector for a long term, the Group became a leading brand in the industry. In order to further enforce its long-term competitiveness, the Group was switching its objective from an expansion in operating scale to an improvement of both operating quality and economic benefits. With a business objective of stable operations and strive for perfection , the Group strived to facilitate technology management, engineering quality, cost control and product upgrade for the property development sector, as well as value increase and brand building for commercial operation in 2012. With the contribution from all of our staff, our operating quality achieved a comprehensive improvement, laying a solid foundation for the development of the forthcoming ten years.
OPTIMIZATION IN SALES STRUCTURE AND NEW LANDMARK PROJECT FOR 
Benefited from the enthusiastic market response to the opening sales of new projects in Caolu in Shanghai, Xiasha in Hangzhou, Xinxiang in Henan and Jinjiang in Quanzhou, Powerlong exceeded its contract sales target in 2012. Among which, the project located in Caolu in Shanghai is the Group s first real estate 
project in Shanghai as well as its first project in first-tier city. It provides one-stop fashionable shopping area in the three state-level parks (Zhangjiang, Waigaoqiao and Jinqiao). It not only fills the gap of commercial properties in eastern Shanghai, but also becomes the sole urban complex within the 5 km of radiation circle and prosperous commercial hub of eastern Shanghai, covering a high-end consumer population of 360,000.
The progress of property sales and investment promotion for the project both exceeded expectations.
The success of the above new projects in different regions proved the feasibility of the Group s business model with continuous innovation and the adoption of various project portfolio targeting at different markets.
THE GRAND OPENING OF XINXIANG POWERLONG AND FURTHER EXPANSION OF GEOGRAPHICAL COVERAGE OF ITS BUSINESS Subsequent to the opening of six new Powerlong City Plazas in June 2011 and grand opening of Henan Xinxiang Powerlong City Plaza in September 2012.
The project attracts numerous famous national and international brands to join in and facilitates mid- high end of fashionable brand consumption. It also optimizes the existing commercial structure of Xinxiang 
commercial circle and enhances the commercial quality of the area. The Group is currently operating a total of 13 Powerlong City Plazas, making us stand out in terms of the quantity of projects and area.
ABANDONING THE OLD WAY AND EXPLORING NEW METHODS, AND BUILDING UP BRAND NEW IMAGES FOR THE OLD PROJECTS In 2012, the Group conducted a full review of the operating effectiveness and benefits in each of the projects after gaining a total of 10-year commercial property experience. By continuous efforts, we successfully built up brand new images for parts of the old projects and completely improve the overall operating conditions as well as the market recognition of the projects by introducing new retailers or regional brands. The projects of successful transformation include Qingdao Chengyang Powerlong City Plaza and Bengbu Powerlong City Plaza. Other than the significant improvement in the occupancy rate, the customer flow volume also increased, which received unanimous recognition from the local government 
ACQUIRING HIGH-QUALITY LAND PARCELS AND ENHANCING LAND 
The reasonably-priced and high-quality land bank is one of the Group s key advantages over the years. The Group continued in identifying and acquiring high- quality land parcels on a stable business and financial foundation in 2012. The Group did not carry out any land acquisition for the purpose of prudence amid the continuing market fluctuation in the first half of the year. As the market sentiment improved in the second half of the year, the Group acquired two land parcels to further strengthen the land bank, including Penglai in Shandong and Fengxian in Shanghai around the end of 2012. The Group will focus on the target expansion districts in the future, for expanding core Yangtze River Region and consolidating Bohai Rim, Central China Region and West Strait Region, while carefully replenishing the land bank in a proper way.

In 2013, the Group will endeavor to enhance sales for higher liquidity and improve the commercial operating efficiency at the same time with an aim to raise turnover and improve the quality of assets. Operation and product quality are the main focus of Powerlong as ever. The Group will further elaborate on the requirements based on the current standards in order to build up a perfect brand name. At last, the Group will continue to strengthen staff training, appoint suitable people for the right job and be human- oriented. We will enhance the competitiveness and execution ability of the Group through establishment of a strong team. With our joint efforts, we believe the Group will strive for the best return for the shareholders in long-term through continuous improvement in operating results and enhancement in market position.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the Group s investors, business partners and customers for their continuous support. At the same time, I would also like to take this opportunity to thank my fellow members of the Board for their work of high performance, contributions and the dedication of our staff.
Hoi Kin Hong 
18 March 2013 
