Chairman s Statement 
HOI KIN HONG 
On behalf of the Board of Powerlong Real Estate Holdings Limited, I am pleased to present to all shareholders the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2014. Benefited from the Group s constant effort to implement various operating strategies established at the beginning of the year, the Group has further enhanced its execution capabilities and realized a revenue of RMB9,663 million, representing a year-on- year increase of 33.1%. Basic earnings per share was RMB34.56 cents. The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$8.0 cents per share for the year of 2014.
In 2014, the economy continued to develop steadily in China. It shifted from high-speed growth to medium to high-speed growth and maintained steady growth throughout the year. Economic development has shifted from extensive growth to intensive growth of quality 
and efficiency, while the economic structure gradually adjusted and improved from the expansion of quantity to the enhancement of quality . The real estate market experienced relatively substantial adjustment and declined in the first half of the year, while Central and local governments adopted market-oriented approach in order to release effective demand in the second half of the year. Various major real estate enterprises proactively seized the timing to reduce inventories by sales promotion. However, the market had an overall slower growth throughout the year and the competition within the industry was more intensive. The Group consistently adhered to the long-term operation principle of Sound Operations, Strive for Excellence in order to accurately grasp market trend in a complicated and dynamic market environment.
By the combination of the year s operating strategy of Reducing inventories, Enhancing efficiency, Becoming benchmark , the Group effectively promoted steady growth in its results and recorded satisfactory results.

First Record of Over 10 Billion Contracted 
During the year under review, by following the adjustments to national policies and changes of the market and adjusting development pace, the Group achieved a contracted sales of approximately RMB10,648 million, which increased by 13.6% as compared with the previous year and reached the Group s record high in terms of contracted sales amount. The satisfying contracted sales result was benefited from the enthusiastic market response to the opening sales of projects in Henan Luoyang, Shanghai, Zhejiang Hangzhou, Tianjin, Shandong Jiaozhou and Henan Xinxiang. The Tianjin Binhai Project was launched on 15 June and approximately 1,600 suites were sold during the year. The mentioned success in various projects strongly evidenced the Group s effectiveness and feasibility in adopting tailor-made product development strategies according to local conditions in different cities.
Core Competitiveness of Business 
Year of 2014 marked the 11th anniversary of the Group entering into the commercial real estate industry. It is also a year of historical breakthroughs. Powerlong City 
Plazas, which are operated by the Group, have been awarded second of the top 10 in terms of brand value among Chinese commercial real estate companies for 5 consecutive years. The Group has also been awarded second of the top 10 in terms of brand value among Chinese commercial real estate companies for 4 consecutive years. During the year under review, the Group recorded rental income and property management services income of approximately RMB912 million, representing an increase of 30.1% over last year, laying a solid foundation for the Group s long-term sustainable growth.
Following the grand opening of Hangzhou Xiasha Powerlong City Plaza in November 2014, Tianjin Yujiapu Powerlong International Center in December 2014, Chongqing Hechuan Powerlong City Plaza in January 2015 and Qingdao Jiaozhou Powerlong City Plaza in February 2015, as of the date of this annual report, the number of shopping malls currently operated and managed by the Group has reached 19, making us stand out in terms of quantity and area of projects. In which, the customer traffic of Hangzhou Xiasha project exceeded 150,000 on its opening day. Chongqing Hechuan project recorded an occupancy rate of 97% while customer traffic exceeded 180,000 on its opening day and recorded a customer traffic of 500,000 in the 
first 3 days since its opening. Good results achieved by newly-opened projects reflected the core business competitive edge of the Group. 4 city plazas have been built with sufficient consideration of the characteristics of local markets. Hangzhou Xiasha Powerlong City Plaza is the first theme city complex in Hangzhou. Tianjin Powerlong International Center consists of over 50% children and catering business in order to meet the demand of one-stop shopping experience from families in new districts. Chongqing Hechuan Powerlong City Plaza is the first fashion and lifestyle shopping mall in Chongqing Hechuan. It created and lead a new business pattern in Hechuan by first introducing about 100 brands into Hechuan, including 9 anchor tenants, being Yonghui Superstores, Suning, Kidswant, Beluga World, and other brands, such as Apple, Addidas Factory Store and Watson s. Qingdao Jiaozhou Powerlong City Plaza is the first one-stop quality lifestyle center located in Jiaozhou, Qingdao with more than 130 brands. All anchor tenants, fashion brands and lifestyle complementary brands can meet the needs of local families of upgrading their lifestyle quality.
During the year under review, the Group launched the 2.0 version of Powerlong Plazas Online (www.ipowerlong.com) based on the brand-new business model of community e-commerce that the Group attempted to create in 2013. It was strategically located in 5 Powerlong City Plazas in Fuzhou and Jinjiang in Fujian, Shanghai Caolu, Henan Xinxiang, Henan Luoyang and formed a strategic layout which integrates online and physical malls. The transaction platform of Powerlong e-commerce was driven by social network which allows tenants and consumers to reach transaction consensus within a short time on the basis of many-to-many communication . It creates a connection between the marketing strategy and online operation. It is supported by regional delivery services and payment facilities. It has accumulated over 1.5 million active users within the year while the average number of monthly active WIFI users increased by 
Intensifying Shanghai and Strengthening 
The Group will adhere to the development strategy of focus on Shanghai and intensive development in Yangtze River Delta , refine planning and selectively 
obtain projects, in order to lay a solid foundation for its future development and hence further enhance its market competitive edge.
During the year under review, the Group continued to uphold its low land bank cost strategy in acquiring quality land strictly and prudently to obtain various quality land with an aim to further consolidate its Shanghai land bank and further balance its layout in Yangtze River Delta while further ensure its competitive edge in developing community commercial properties along railway lines. In 2014, the Group acquired 8 parcels of land in aggregate, with 3 parcels of land in Shanghai, 1 parcel of land in Jiangsu Province, 2 parcels of land in Shandong Province, 1 parcel of land in Fujian Province and 1 parcel of land in Anhui Province. In particular, the Group obtained 3 parcels of land in Zhaoxiang, Shanghai Qingpu, Lingang, Shanghai Pudong New Area and Luodian, Shanghai Baoshan during the year as an important initiative of its development strategy of intensifying Shanghai .
In addition, the Group obtained another parcel of land in Minhang Wujing in February 2015 which clearly illustrated the strategic coverage of 9 major projects located in the eastern, western, southern and northern part of Shanghai.
As of 31 December 2014, the total gross floor area ( GFA ) of the Group s land bank was 13.2 million square meters (including investment properties in operation with total GFA of approximately 1.7 million square meters) which is sufficient for the Group s development for the next 3 to 5 years. From the perspective of the geographical location of the Group s land bank, the current land bank located in first- and second-tier cities represents 63.3% of the Group s land bank under development and held for future development. Therefore, we are confident that the Group s long-term and healthy development can continuously be driven by its quality land resources.
Recognition of Financial Capabilities and Optimization of Debt Structure During the year under review, the Group continued to adhere to its prudent and solid debt and cash management. In March, Moody has upgraded the rating of the Company from B3 to B2 and bond rating from Caa1 to B3 and outlooks for the ratings are 
stable. This indicates the recognition of the operating execution capabilities, improvement of liquidity and steady increase of recurring income of the Group by an international credit rating agency.
The Group has successfully issued RMB1,500 million senior notes due 2017 with a nominal interest rate of 10.75% per annum in September, which is the largest issuance of RMB bonds by mainland developers with equivalent ratings. The notes received valid subscription of approximately RMB6,400 million and were over 4 times oversubscribed. The redemption of 13.75% USD200 million notes due 2015 was completed in October. All of the above had a positive and far reaching meaning to the improvement of debt structure of the Group and reduction of finance costs. As of 31 December 2014, cash at bank and cash equivalents and restricted cash of the Group increased by approximately 2.8% to RMB4,949 million as compared to the year end of 2013. Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash over current borrowings rose from 1.1 to 1.2 since the end of last year, showing an improvement of liquidity.

Pragmatic Management and Enhancement of Brand Facing the adjustment period of the industry, the Group strongly believed that products and service quality are the foundation of real estate enterprises and therefore is dedicated to implementing its strategy of refined products with continuous innovation and upgrade.
Based on past experience, the Group has formulated standards for reviewing construction drawings, improved the process of positioning and optimized standard residential properties. At the same time, in response to market demand, products functions were upgraded to enhance customers experience and a study on the segment and model of open commercial street in respect of the increase in area in use was conducted to satisfy the market demand with higher end and more fashionable products. The Group improved quality through cooperation with the world s leading design enterprises.

It is expected that the policy environment of the real estate market will be relatively relaxed in 2015. Although the market will undergo some long-term adjustment under the new norm, the Central government will continue to focus on maintaining a stable real estate market. Ongoing urbanization, unabated demand of consumers for improving housing quality and experiential commerce will remain the driving force of the sustainable and steady development of the real estate industry. Therefore, the Group has established the operating principle of Reducing Inventories, Enhancing Efficiency, Becoming Benchmark, Creating Breakthroughs in 2015 and by strengthening sales, continued to maintain its two-wheel-drive strategy to raise turnover and improve asset values in order to increase the liquidity of assets. The Group will continuously enhance commercial operating efficiency, further enhance the integrated operation capability of the Group and continuously strengthen its core business competitive edge. Also, by realizing smooth operation of Shanghai Qibao Powerlong City Plaza in 2015, the Company will strive to maintain and promote its position in the industry so as to strive for the best and long-term return for its shareholders.
According to the development of the real estate market, reducing inventories will be the main focus in 2015. The Group is confident in completing the goal of a further increase of sales that targets at achieving RMB13,000 million of contracted sales in 2015, representing a year- on-year increase of 22.1%. The Group will continue to build an efficient, prudent and innovating marketing team. The Group will implement innovative marketing strategies which focus on the Group s objective of commercial and office business. The Group is planning to establish a VIP department which focuses on promoting sales model involving VIPs, and set up a customer service center to improve customer tracking and customer care in order to build a comprehensive customer system. By continuing the enhancement of experimental marketing and introducing Internet and 
financial instruments, the Group will proactively expand cooperation opportunities with new media. Also, it will maintain its competitive edge through effective cost 
2015 will be a milestone year for the Group s commercial operation. The Group will ensure smooth operation of Shanghai Qibao Powerlong City Plaza as it will be its core competitiveness of operating in first-tier cities.
In addition to being a solid foundation for future benchmark projects, it is also a benchmark event which indicates the success of adopting the overall development strategy by relocating our headquarter from Xiamen to Shanghai in 2010. This will significantly promote the brand image. Meanwhile, the Group will systematically commence various projects with higher efficiency and ensure 6 shopping malls to commence operation smoothly during the year. Regarding its commercial operation, the Group will leverage its scale and competitive edge in commercial operation, and on the basis of further enhancement of standardization and systematization, it will complete the integration of three systems including operation, leasing processes and membership and the building of a comprehensive commercial management system in order to strengthen the commercial core competitiveness of the Group.
In order to make e-commerce as one of the core business competitive edges of the Group and create a broader room for the future development of its business operation, the Group had developed market- oriented platform products without limitation to its own business operation concepts based on the experience of establishing the e-commerce operating platform independently in the previous two years.
Facing the upcoming challenges in 2015, the Group will unswervingly continue its focus on quality and promote its strategy of refined products with rapid development and sound projects execution capabilities, cost control, facilitation of technology improvements in order to continue providing cost effective properties and lifestyle experience for a broad range of customers.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the Group s investors, business partners and customers for their continuous support and trust. At the same time, I would also like to take this opportunity to thank my fellow members of the 
Board for their work of high performance, contributions and dedication of our staff. The Group will continue to uphold its tradition of Creditability, Courtesy, Innovation, Enthusiasm , rely on an elite team with unified values, loyalty and commitment and persist our conviction and rise to challenges in order to create better returns for its customers, shareholders and investors and to create better values for the society.
Hoi Kin Hong 
17 March 2015 
