Chairman s Statement 
HOI KIN HONG 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Powerlong Real Estate Holdings Limited, I am pleased to present to all shareholders the audited annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2015. During the year under review, the Group realized a revenue of RMB11.91 billion and net profit of RMB2.34 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 23.2% and 54.9% respectively. Basic earnings per share was RMB52.4 cents. The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$9.0 cents per share for the year of 2015.

In 2015, the PRC central government adhered to its overarching message of seeking progress in stability in light of the global economic slowdown and implemented a series of innovative marco-control policies targeted at steady growth to buoy up the economy within a reasonable level and unceasingly improve people s livelihood. With respect to PRC real estate market, under the principle of reducing inventories , the central and local government had carried out various supportive policies to lower costs of home purchases and encourage demand for better housing. Stimulated by relaxed policies, real estate market in first-tier and second-tier cities in the PRC were making remarkable recovery, whereas third-tier and fourth-tier cities were still under rather considerable inventory pressure.
CONTRACTED SALES HITTING ANOTHER RECORD HIGH The Group adhered to the development strategy of Focus on Shanghai and Intensive Development in Yangtze River Delta in order to accurately adapt itself along the market trend under such complicated and dynamic market environment. Under the year s operating strategy of Reducing Inventories, Enhancing Efficiency, Becoming Benchmark, Creating Breakthroughs , contracted sales once again hit a record high of RMB14.3 billion. The remarkable sales performance proved the effectiveness of the measures adopted by the Group for boosting sales such as marketing team recomposition, additional marketing standards and maximized application of we 
Projects such as Tianjin Binhai, Anhui Fuyang*, Shanghai Hongqiao Powerlong City, Shanghai Qibao, Xiamen Powerlong One Mall and Shanghai Fengxian received enthusiastic reception. An aggregate of over 3,600 residential units at Tianjin Binhai Project were sold, amounting to over RMB2 billion. The Anhui Fuyang Project* has sold over 3,000 suites since commencement of sale, accumulating a sales volume of over RMB2 billion. Success of the abovementioned projects is strong evidence of the effectiveness and feasibility of the Group s strategy in developing tailor- made projects based on different market conditions.

* The project is held by a joint venture. The Group holds 45.9% of such joint venture.

FOCUSING ON SHANGHAI AND 
COVERAGE IN YANGTZE RIVER DELTA The Group adhered to the development strategy of Focus on Shanghai , refines planning and sought opportunities in a cautions and stringent manner to obtain quality lands. During the year under review, the Group continued to uphold its low-cost strategy of land bank in acquiring lands and obtained the land parcels located at Wujing, Minhang District, Shanghai, Baoyang Road, Baoshan District, Shanghai, and Jiuting, Songjiang District, Shanghai** to further consolidate its land bank in Shanghai. As of 2015, the Group clearly illustrated the strategic coverage of 11 projects located in the eastern, western, southern and northern part of Shanghai, building a solid foundation for our focus on Shanghai as well as further improving our competitiveness. According to data released by CRIC, the Group ranked first in Shanghai commercial property market both in terms of sales amount and sales area in 2015.
As of 31 December 2015, the total gross floor area ( GFA ) of the Group s land bank was 12.1 million square meters (including investment properties in operation with total GFA of approximately 2.1 million square meters) which is sufficient for the development of the Group in the next 3 to 5 years. From the perspective of the geographical location of the Group s land bank, current land bank in first-tier and second-tier cities represents 63.3% of the Group s land bank under development and held for future development. Therefore, we are confident that our quality land resources will continuously drive the Group s long-term and healthy development.

** The land parcel is held by a project company of which the Group holds 33% equity interests.

During the year under review, the Commercial Group under the Group has completed the unprecedented intensive commencement missions. Effective leasing processes and powerful preparation and organization secured the opening of seven Powerlong Plazas.
In particular, the intensive opening of Shanghai Hongqiao Powerlong Tiandi Commercial Street, Shanghai Fengxian Powerlong Plaza, Shanghai Lingang Powerlong Plaza and Shanghai Baoshan Powerlong Plaza in December 2015 had attracted public attention within the regions. As of 2015, the number of shopping malls currently operated and managed by the Group has reached 25, allowing us to outperform other industry players in terms of quantity and area of projects. Among which, Shanghai Lingang Powerlong Plaza achieved an occupancy rate of 90%, while Shanghai Fengxian Project recorded a customer traffic of 500,000 within 3 days upon its opening. The outstanding opening performance of the newly operated projects realized the core business competitiveness of the Group as the whole.
The abovementioned Powerlong Plazas have been built with sufficient consideration of the characteristics of local markets. Featuring five major themes of Gourmet Dining, Community Supporting Facilities, Shopping and Leisure, Entertainment for Children, and Medical Cosmetology , Shanghai Hongqiao Powerlong Tiandi adheres to the operational philosophy of A City of Healthy Life with a Good Neighbour Powerlong and integrates with the community of Hongqiao Powerlong City, improving life quality of the people in the region in an all-round way. In proximity to Lingang public transport hub, Shanghai Lingang Project has introduced international brands such as H&M and the only IMAX theater into Pudong Lingang for the first time, meeting the needs of local families of upgrading lifestyle quality.
Shanghai Baoshan Project is the first community and commercial complex in the area. By adhering to the brand concept of Powerlong Plaza Makes Life More Beautiful , Baoshan Powerlong Plaza, having introduced a variety of business formats including international fast fashion brands, star cinema, children s theme park, video games, featured gourmet dining, and retail, is the modernist and trendiest landmark in Baoshan Luodian.

Having entered into commercial real estate industry for 12 years, the Group has been awarded TOP 10 Brands of China Commercial Real Estate Companies for five consecutive years. Powerlong Plazas operated by the Group have been awarded TOP 10 Brands of China Commercial Real Estate for six consecutive years. In 2015, the Group recorded rental income and property management services income of RMB1.1 billion, representing an increase of 20.7% over last year, highlighting the solid foundation of business operation as the Group s core competitiveness.
UPGRADED BONDS RATING RESULTING FROM EFFICIENT 
The consolidated finance costs of the Group further decreased from 8.05% as of 2014 and 7.68% as of the first half of 2015 to 7.55% as of 2015. In November 2015, the Company issued 7.625% USD200 million senior notes with a maturity of three years, of which proceeds were used for the early redemption of 11.25% USD250 million senior notes due 2018 in January 2016, hence successfully replaced past debts with high interest rate through quality low- interest financing. Furthermore, the Company has realized diversification in financing channels. Shanghai Powerlong Industrial Development Co., Ltd., a wholly- owned subsidiary of the Company, has obtained approval from the CSRC to publicly issue corporate bonds with an aggregate principal amount of up to RMB4.0 billion in December 2015. As of the date of this annual report, together with the non-public issue of corporate bonds of RMB1.0 billion, the Group has completed the issuance of a total of RMB4.2 billion 
In optimizing the debt structure, the Group, benefitted from improved results, reached breakthrough in ratings at capital market. In January 2016, Moody s officially upgraded the outlook of the Company and its bonds from Stable to Positive , representing a public recognition of Powerlong s performance in recent years by the capital market.
As of 31 December 2015, cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of the Group increased by approximately 35.9% to RMB6.7 billion as compared to the year end of 2014.

PROMOTION OF DIVERSIFICATION 
The Group s Powerlong Hotel Group was officially established in July 2015, the core businesses of which are international brand hotels, own brand chain hotels and own brand chain restaurants, representing an important part of a series of adjustments concerning innovation and upgrading since the listing of the Company. In 2015, Powerlong Hotel Group has opened five hotels and launched mode of artistic hotels, among which ARTELS , the urban business hotel under Powerlong Hotel Group, made its debut in Anxi, Fujian in September 2015. Powerlong Hotel Group launched also its own brand chain restaurants Zhaojiazhuang and Shuyushuyu , of which four outlets were opened as at the date of this annual report. The establishment of Powerlong Hotel Group symbolized the start of own brand hotels and restaurants of the Company.
As for investment, the Group has participated in the capital increase of Shanghai Life Insurance Company Ltd. in December 2015 to attempt for providing favorable conditions for the Company to expand into other sectors by insurance funds. The capital investment of the Group continues to develop 
PRAGMATIC AND STREAMLINED MANAGEMENT TO ACHIEVE SYNERGY AND PERFECTION During the year under review, the Group, in response to the consolidation of the real estate industry in China, had undergone extensive structural optimization by integrating technology, costs and operation centers into a large operation platform run by the Deputy Chief Executive Officer to magnify synergy effect and flatten management. Under simplified, synergized and refined guidance, the Group continued to ascertain the management functions of each center in the second half of the year, enabling itself to realize more straightforward and unified control over each projects, reduce internal consumption and achieve mutual synergy.

For the year 2016, while the PRC central government strives for stable progress, continuously implementing and improving macroeconomic policies to sustain mid-high economic growth, it is expected that policies will remain relaxed, which in turn shall facilitate the stable and healthy development of real estate industry despite the future new norm of long-term adjustment in the property market. Further, to realize rapid urbanization and improvement of people s living standard and quality under the 13th Five Year Plan, it is anticipated that the central and local government will formulate policies depending on the situation of each city and keep unleashing demand for better housing 
Hence, the Group focuses on its own development and comes up with a Five-Year Plan according to the current national and foreign economic condition to draw up concrete blueprint for development in 2016-2020. The Five-Year Plan suggests a business property strategy of Three-Incentive on the main business segment for the Group to succeed in business operation, quality property provision and asset management. Identifying hotels, culture and investment as the supplementary segments of the Group, the strategy, on one hand, promotes the principles of profit-making, synergy and energy, ranked in order of importance, for creating greater value for the Group; on the other, offers the strategic factors of Focus, Quality and Capital , which are interpreted as firmly focusing on the Yangtze River Delta where Shanghai is the core, enhancing the quality of our products and services comprehensively and strengthening market value management to improve returns to shareholders.

To prepare for new opportunities in 2016, the Group establishes a policy of Strong Consensus, Quality Breakthrough, Effective Operation and Team Recomposition , striving for perfection and thorough capacity building to upgrade the Group s brand image. With the aim of realizing the successful opening of two benchmark projects in Shanghai Qibao and Hangzhou Binjiang in 2016, the Group will make every effort to strengthen its leading position in Shanghai and in the area of commercial properties, so as to maximize returns for its shareholders in the long 
In view of the current development of the PRC property market, inventory reduction will remain the main marketing focus of the Group in 2016. The Group is confident in completing the goal of a further increase in sales targets of RMB15,000 million in 2016, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.4%.
The Group will continue to reorganize the marketing team thoroughly, and define the management mechanism and allocation of VIP department, channel department and leasing department. Focusing on the Group s objective of commercial and office business, the Group will innovate in commercial sales mode and change the practice of lump-sum lease and sales of commercial buildings in line with its large-scale products. Customer experience program will be activated in Shanghai to diversify marketing channels, perfect customer system and achieve sales 
Delivery of Quality Products, Efficiency Enhancement and Launch of Benchmark Projects is the business strategy of the Group in 2016. Stressing the importance of delivering quality products, the Group will strictly monitor the quality of the newly commenced projects. The Group will also comprehensively enhance efficiency by firmly and effectively implementing upgrade plans for all operating projects. In the meantime, the Group will systematically commence various projects with higher efficiency, so as to ensure leasing processes and opening of five commercial plazas in 2016, particularly the successful opening of two benchmark projects in Shanghai Qibao and Hangzhou Binjiang.

In early 2016, the headquarters of the Group has been relocated at the Shanghai Qibao Project. In addition to highlighting the development strategy of Focusing on Shanghai and building a solid foundation for future projects, it is also a benchmark event which indicates the success of adopting the overall development strategy by relocating its headquarter from Xiamen to Shanghai in 2010. This will significantly promote the Group s brand image.
Facing the 2016 with mixed challenges and chances, the Group will, despite all the difficulties, make collective efforts on grasping opportunities and making prudent arrangements for sustaining healthy development. It will also promote thorough capacity building to upgrade our brand image and strengthen the coverage in Shanghai to secure our leading position in the area of commercial properties and continue to provide cost effective properties and lifestyle experience for a broad range of customers.

The steady growth of the Group is attributable to the enormous support from the relevant parties for years. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express its sincere gratitude to the Group s investors, business partners and customers for their continuous trust and support. At the same time, the Board would also like to take this opportunity to thank the Board members for their work of high performance and the Group s staff for their contributions and dedication. The Group will continue to uphold its tradition of Creditability, Courtesy, Innovation, Enthusiasm while relying on an elite team with unified values, loyalty and commitment. It will adhere to its belief and rise to challenges in order to create better returns for its customers, shareholders and investors and to create greater values for the society.
Hoi Kin Hong 
15 March 2016 
