Chairman s Statement 
The Group adhered to effectively managed operation strategies with higher turnover rate. Under the perfect operation control system and with the support of the industry- leading information system technology platform, we realized a comprehensive management in the entire project cycle.

On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of Times Property, I am pleased to present the annual results and the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2013.

As at 31 December 2013, the Group recorded revenue of RMB9,694.7 million, profit for the year amounted to RMB973.9 million, earnings attributable to owners of the Company amounted to RMB987.0 million, while earnings per share amounted to RMB75 cents, and the Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of RMB10.94 cents per share.

The Group adhered to prudent investment strategies. We managed to meet the expected earning targets by utilizing diversified methods of land acquisition at low cost.

2. review oF year 2013 In 2013, China completed leadership transition and there was a stable growth of the real estate market. Despite regulation- and-control policies continuously being imposed in the PRC real estate market, the Group managed to obtain significant achievements during the year: Successfully listed on the main board of the Stock exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock 
It was a significant milestone and also a great leap in the Company s development, and has laid a solid foundation for the Company to live up to be an excellent corporation.

achieved rapid Growth in terms of Size and profit In 2013, the Group was able to achieve the sales target of RMB11.1 billion, marking an increase of 57.2% as compared with that of 2012, and to achieve an increase in revenue and profit for the year of 203.2% and 175.4%, respectively, as compared with that of the previous year. Due to the successful listing and the rapid profit growth, the Group s net gearing ratio decreased to 93.2% as at 31 December 2013 from 116.2% as at 31 December 2012.
Breakthrough achieved in regard to Delivered area and 
In 2013, total gross floor area ( GFa ) delivered by the Group amounted to approximately 1.152 million sq.m., representing an increase of 199.8% over 2012. Besides, according to survey data from an independent third party, approximately 81.0% of the property purchasers were satisfied with our property management services, in line with the benchmark level of the industry. Overall strength of the Group reached a higher level.
Benefited from our clear development strategies and efficient execution ability, the Group strived to lead the above 
The Group adhered to the strategy of deepening its regional footholds. We had our investments concentrated in cities that the Group has entered and had our major resources focused in Guangdong, an active and prosperous market in PRC.
Currently, the Group has become one of the largest real estate enterprises in Guangdong in terms of contracted sales. As at 31 December 2013, the Group possessed a land reserve of approximately 8.17 million sq.m.
The Group adhered to prudent investment strategies. We managed to meet the expected earning targets by utilizing diversified methods of land acquisition at low cost. In particular, through active participations in urban redevelopment projects at early stages, we have not only obtained sufficient land reserves at a competitive cost, but also become one of the major beneficiaries of urban redevelopment.
The Group adhered to consumer-focused strategies. We focused on our core target customer group, consumers who were mainly first-time home buyers and first-time living standard improvers. Our sales were firmly guaranteed as these consumers income rose up and eagerness for a better living standard lit up.

The Group adhered to effectively managed operation strategies with higher turnover rate. Under the perfect operation control system and with the support of the industry-leading information system technology platform, we realized a comprehensive management in the entire project cycle from site selection to property delivery, ensuring that we are able to improve efficiency of project development with sustained product quality and achieving rapid growth in terms of business scale.
3. oUTLooK For year 2014 Looking forward to the coming year, we believe that, following the gradually increased efforts of the government in implementing reformation policies, the continuing process of new urbanization and the rising income of the mass, the Chinese economy will maintain steady growth continuously.
Under these circumstances, we believe the overall real estate industry will remain a satisfying growth.
The outstanding sales performances in Year 2013 have brought healthy cash flows to the Group and facilitate us in a good position to support the deepening of our footholds in existing markets and the acquisitions of more land reserves with good 
The Group will continue to adhere to the strategies of focusing on selected regions, residential business and customers with robust demands and improvement-oriented demands, and to achieve sustainable growth in size in such way with high turnover rate and high sell-through rate.

For fifteen years since the foundation of Times Property, empowering more people to live with a lifestyle they are seeking for has been the Company s persistent mission, and also the spirit and value for which the Company survives.
During the fifteen years, we saw major and minor fluctuations across the industry as well as the market. We wouldn t be here today without the Group s persistence in its mission, and support from all levels.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my appreciation to all purchasers of our projects, all employees, business partners, newly-added cornerstone investors and public investors of Times Property for their support to and trust in us.

Looking ahead, Times Property will stay adhered to its mission of empowering more people to live with a lifestyle they are seeking for , and realize the next leap-forward growth together with our shareholders (the Shareholders ). Let s set off for the new journey at the new starting point! 
Looking ahead, Times Property will stay adhered to its mission of empowering more people to live with a lifestyle they are seeking for , and realize the next leap-forward growth together with our shareholders. Let s set off for the new journey at the new starting point! Shum Chiu Hung Chairman of the Board, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 20 February 2014 