CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”),
I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year
ended 31 December 2016 (the “Reporting Period”).
For the year ended 31 December
2016, the Group, benefiting from
the advantage resulted from the
high quality land reserve and
differentiated competition strategy,
achieved a contracted sales amount
of RMB29.33 billion, exceeding the
contracted sales target for the entire
year, representing an increase of
50.3% over last year.
1. RESULTS
For the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group recorded revenue
of RMB16,206.5 million; profit for the year amounted to RMB1,982.4
million; profit attributable to the owners of the Company amounted
to RMB1,955.0 million; basic earnings per share were RMB113
cents; and diluted earnings per share for the year of RMB107 cents,
representing an increase of 44.6% as compared with last year. The
Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of RMB31.51
cents per share. In 2016, the Group achieved a contracted sales
amount of RMB29.33 billion, representing an increase of 50.3% over
last year.
2. REVIEW OF YEAR 2016
In 2016, the real estate market set record highs in both trading
volume and price. According to the National Bureau of Statistics,
the area of commercial properties sold in China reached 1.573
billion sq.m., representing a year-on-year increase of 22.5%, and
the transaction volume of commercial properties amounted to
RMB11.76 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 34.8%.
During the year, the real estate sector heated up before getting
stabilised. In the first half of the year, the market was heated up with
an increase in both trading volume and price; while for the second
half of the year, popular Chinese cities rolled out regulatory policies
to adjust the market back to a reasonable state.
During the Reporting Period, the urban real estate market
transactions were active in the cities under the Group’s layout, with
a rapid growth. In particular, the growth of the sales of commercial
properties in Guangzhou, Foshan, Zhuhai, Huizhou, Qingyuan and
Changsha amounted to 44.0%, 52.2%, 89.5%, 76.3%, 59.5% and
51.0%, respectively, which is significantly higher than the national
average.
The Group actively grasped market dynamics and adopted proactive
sales strategies to drive the steady growth of its results. As at
31 December 2016, the Group’s contracted sales amounted to
RMB29.33 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 50.3%.
The Group made new progress in its regional layout and tapped into
the markets of Shenzhen, Dongguan and Huizhou, which resulted in
a more comprehensive layout for us in Pearl River Delta.
In terms of land reserve, the Group actively expanded its land reserve
through various channels, including participation in government
public auctions, urban redevelopment projects, primary development,
cooperation and company acquisition. The Group acquired a total of
14 new projects with a total planned GFA of 3.44 million sq.m..
Meanwhile, the Group capitalised on its solid foundation in urban
redevelopment with years of experience and introduced its “Times •
Future Towns” strategy for the urbanisation in an all-round manner.
The strategy has been well-received by local governments. Up to the
present, the Group has entered into certain framework agreements
on town co-development with the local governments of Guangzhou,
Foshan, Zhongshan and Dongguan.
In addition, the Group adopted stable and robust financial strategies,
and continuously improved its debt structure to reduce financial
cost. The Group’s net gearing ratio decreased from 77.3% as at 31
December 2015 to 54.7% as at 31 December 2016.
3. OUTLOOK FOR YEAR 2017
Looking into 2017, we expect that the Chinese economy will grow
steadily. Industrial policies will remain stable but in a tightening
process, with the central government to focus on “control of bubble
and prevention of risks” and local governments to implement their
own policies based on the growth of inventory, housing and land
prices. Monetary policies will be moderately tightened, with the
capital leverage tightened for real estate. Throughout the year,
market sentiments will gradually return to a stable state, in addition
to a greater balance between housing supply and demand in first
and second-tier cities, reducing the pressure from price surges, and
greater industrial concentration. The Group is of the view that a more
rational market benefits the long-term, healthy development of the
real estate industry and its businesses. Owing to its large scale and
the development of new towns in China, real estate will remain a
pillar industry to support the healthy, stable development of national
economy.
The Group will continue to establish itself intensively in regions
where the Group has established its market presence and actively
participate in urban redevelopment, in order to greatly boost
the market shares over the regions. We will actively participate
in construction of featured small towns so as to facilitate the
transformation and upgrade of national industry and share the profits
derived from such transformation and upgrade. We will flexibly
respond to market changes to procure sales proactively, monitor
market risk continuously and strengthen cash flow management.
In addition, the Group will actively develop community services,
commercial and creative office zone business on the basis of
strengthening the principal business, in order to achieve a balanced
growth in scale and profit and to create values for our shareholders,
employees and property owners.
4. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend
our gratitude to the proprietors, all employees, business partners and
investors of Times Property for their support and trust for the past
year.
Looking ahead, we will adhere to its mission of “empowering more
people to live with a lifestyle they aspire to” and continue to pursue
its operational philosophy of “surprising our customers with quality
and moving our customers with our services”. Meanwhile, we will
strive to create more value for our shareholders and provide better
products and services to our proprietors.
Shum Chiu Hung
Chairman of the Board, Executive Director and Chief Executive
Officer
27 February 2017