Chairman s Statement 
HOI Kin Hong Chairman and President 
Dear respectable shareholders, On behalf of the Board of Powerlong, I hereby present our operating results for the year of 2009. As such, I first wish to express my sincere gratitude to the support and trust from 
The year of 2009 was a landmark for Powerlong. Faced with the complicated and ever-changing macro-economic environment and market, our management studied and tracked the changes in moving trends on an ongoing basis, and made timely decisions that were promptly implemented.
Expenditures were strictly controlled and new sources of income were actively explored in a prudent and practical manner. Efforts were devoted to the sales, construction and commercial leasing activities in full force. Administrative reforms were implemented proactively and hence excellent satisfactory operating results were achieved. In 2009, revenue increased by 161% to approximately RMB4,136 million, net profit increased by 224% to approximately RMB3,041million, net profit after deducting the fair value gains from revaluation on investment properties increased by 314% to approximately RMB1,222 million.

A C C E L E R A T E I T S P A C E O F DEVELOPMENT AND DEVOTE TO EXPAND ITS SCALE OF OPERATION Powerlong has been engaging in the operation of commercial properties since 2003. After years of efforts, we have established a sound foundation for its operation and management, and have built up comparative advantages in the industry. We are now well-positioned for a rapid development. In 2009, apart from the substantial growth in revenue and profit, other performance indicators of Powerlong, such as area under construction, area completed and area delivered, all reached historical new heights. Projects under construction were successfully completed as scheduled as to construction works, sales and leasing. The construction and sales of new projects that commenced construction also achieved satisfactory results. The number of projects that commenced operation increased from 1 in 2008 to 4. The area of investment properties increased from approximately 205,022 sq. m. in 2008 to approximately 544,964 sq. m. The successful listing of Powerlong in October 2009 was an important milestone that implied its pace of development would accelerate in 
E X T E N S I V E R E F O R M O F STANDARDIZATION AND ADMINISTRATION MECHANISMS TO IMPROVE OPERATING 
In 2009, we have made significant progresses in terms of establishing standards. A number of results derived from standardization were achieved and applied. Of which, we have achieved preliminary results in the research and development of standard stores units for Powerlong City Plaza. Overall unit quality was enhanced. Different product series were initially formed. The projects in Yangcheng and Suqian were projects for trial run of standard stores, the results of which were relatively satisfactory. With respects to planning, construction and sales, remarkable progresses were achieved. In future we will continue to conclude results and experiences from standardization to perfect its framework. This will also be applied broadly in every aspect from land acquisition, project development and construction, delivery and operation.
While we are driving the progress in standardization, we re- classified the administration mechanisms for commercial properties into three phases, namely pre-investment exploration, development and construction as the second phase and commercial operation as the third phase. Three deputy presidents were assigned to handle these three different phases of work. This allowed the administration mechanisms to be more well-defined and the responsibilities more specific. In addition, we proactively implemented our performance appraisal system, so as to strengthen our mechanisms for motivation. Operation efficiencies and work effectiveness were enhanced substantially.

MOVED TO SHANGHAI AND PEOPLE BANK WAS EXPANDED In February 2010, our administrative headquarter was successfully moved from Xiamen to Shanghai. With the headquarter set up in Shanghai, the Company will be benefitted from retaining talents, gaining additional business resources and obtaining latest market information. In future we will fully capitalize on the advantages of people in Shanghai, and actively acquire more talents in the industry to join us for the creation of the most outstanding management team in the industry.
DEVELOPMENT STRATEGIES AND 
We believe that the economy of China will grow steadily in the long-term. Progresses on urbanization and change the model of commercial spending will bring enormous opportunities for commercial properties in the development of mega commercial complex. Short-term policies and movements in the market will not change the upward moving change of the market in the long term. Our unique business model in the commercial properties operation, standardization of operation system, low cost land bank, and an experienced management team are our competitive advantages that will allow us to lead in the development of commercial properties in China.

In 2010, our goal is to acquire new land bank for 10 commercial property projects. We also plan to accelerate our pace of development and construction for projects and enhance our capabilities in commercial operation and management. We will continue to push ahead in standardization setting and reform of administration mechanisms. This will lay a solid foundation to the rapid development of Powerlong. In the coming few years, we will further add different unit specifications to the existing standard store model, and rapidly covering second and third tier cities in a comprehensive manner. We will selectively tap into the first tier cities, and penetrate the fourth tier cities with a combination of different business models. This will ultimately achieve a total coverage at different tiers of cities in China. We wish to complete the construction of over 100 commercial property projects as soon as practicable.
Powerlong will become the leading and most influential commercial properties operator in China and continue to create value for our shareholders.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I wish to express my sincere appreciation to the Group s investors, business partners and customers for their trust and support. At the same time, I also wish to take this opportunity to thank the fellow members of the Board for their excellent contribution and the dedication of all staff.
Chairman and President Hoi Kin Hong 9 April 2010 