Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of the Company, I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2015.

For the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group recorded revenue of RMB13,638.2 million, representing an increase of 30.9% over last year; profit for the year amounted to RMB1,551.1 million, representing an increase of 14.6% over last year; profit attributable to owners of the Company amounted to RMB1,420.6 million, representing an increase of 11.1% over last year; and basic earnings per share of RMB82 cents, representing an increase of 10.8% over last year. The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of RMB15.63 cents per share.
2. REVIEW OF YEAR 2015 In 2015, the real estate market in the People s Republic of China (the PRC ) steadily developed and showed a positive rebound.
The PRC government implemented a series of monetary, financial and taxation policies beneficial for the revival of the real estate market, which replaced the restrictive measures in the early stage with more free market features. Stimulated by such incentives, the real estate market showed an increasing transaction trend.

For the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group, benefited from the advantage resulted from the high quality land reserve and differentiated competition strategy, achieved a contracted sales amount of RMB19.51 billion, exceeding the contracted sales target for the entire year, representing an increase of 28.1% over last year.

The prices and quantities of transactions have both gone up in some first-tier and second-tier cities, as well as economically developed regions and provinces. The trend of real estate market of the year is in line with our judgment. Being close to the market and keeping pace of sales of the projects, the Group carried out more progressive sales strategies, strived to market properties and increase efficiency of capital return, and facilitated steady growth of sales. For the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group, benefited from the advantage resulted from the high quality land reserve and differentiated competition strategy, achieved a contracted sales amount of RMB19.51 billion, exceeding the contracted sales target for the entire year, representing an increase of 28.1% over last year.
The Group adhered to its strategy of deepening its foothold in the key cities in the Pearl River Delta such as Guangzhou, Foshan and 
The Group actively expanded its land reserve through various means, including participation in government s land auctions, city redevelopment projects, greenfield development projects, cooperation with other parties and acquisition of target companies, which laid a solid foundation for obtaining sufficient supply of land.

During the last year, the Group adhered to our prudent strategy of investing in the economically developed cities in the Pearl River Delta region such as Guangzhou and Foshan. During the year, the Group acquired a total of thirteen land parcels with total planned gross floor area (the GFA ) of 1.957 million square meters.
Meanwhile, the Group continued its prudent financial strategy while ensuring sufficient land reserve and units available for sale. It also expanded its financing channels by leveraging on onshore and overseas platforms, which helped improve our debt structure. In 2015, the Group raised approximately RMB6.7 billion by issuance of domestic corporate bonds and senior notes. Such expansion of financing channels helped guarantee the provision of sufficient funds for the Group and therefore was favorable to our continuous growth of business size and profitability and is also capable of supporting the Group to capture opportunities arising from the forthcoming phase of relatively fast growth in the residential property market of China.
3. OUTLOOK FOR YEAR 2016 Looking forward to 2016, China s economic growth may slow down. However, with the progress of urbanisation and the further integration of the real estate market, together with the quality operational management and the insightful strategic performance of the Group, sustainable growth is expected in the future.
China s residential real estate market currently appears to be healthy and strategically active as a result of adjustment in the industry in the past three years. In 2016, the Group will continue to conduct research relating to investment plans, product positioning, cost setting and service standard based on the rigid demands as well as demands for improved housing conditions of customers. We will insist on implementing an active sales policy and ensure quality 
China has widely embraced megadata. The development of mobile internet and smart technology has impacted each industry. I firmly believe that the real estate market will face brand new development opportunities in the future. The Group will proactively participate in the renovation and reconstruction of the Pearl River Delta cities in order to acquire high quality land reserves. The Group will actively promote the rapid development of related businesses derived from its real estate business and cultivate new business drivers.
Additionally, we will proactively take advantage of the relatively loose domestic financial and taxation policies and the environment of the capital market to further optimise the Group s financing structure, promote sales of projects, enhance the Group s general 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend our gratitude to the purchasers of our projects, all employees, business partners and investors of Times Property for their support and trust in last year.
Looking ahead, Times Property will adhere to its mission of empowering more people to live with a lifestyle they are seeking for and continue to pursue its operational philosophy of surprising our customers with quality and moving our customers with our services . Meanwhile, we will strive to create the highest value for our Shareholders and provide better products and services to the purchasers of our projects.
Shum Chiu Hung Chairman of the Board, Executive Director and Chief Executive 
22 February 2016 