Chairman s Statement 
HOI KIN HONG 
On behalf of the Board of Powerlong Real Estate Holdings Limited, I am pleased to present to all shareholders the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2013. I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders for your continuous support and trust to 
Looking back to 2013, the Chinese economy managed to achieve a soft landing with a GDP growth of 7.7%. The overall economy remained stable and the economic growth made progress through stability, further eliminating the anticipation of an economic downturn. The Third Plenary Session of the Eighteenth Communist Party of China Central Committee has made plans for comprehensively deepening reformation 
and clearly stated the intention to facilitate stable and healthy development of the real estate market. For the real estate industry, higher development quality should be pursued and development stability should be maintained from now on. In 2013, both the sales area and amount of commodity properties in China reached a record high, primarily attributable to the stable national economic growth and increase in fiscal income of the government. The real estate market of over 600 cities across the nation was generally stable. Investment in real estate development also achieved growth through stability. On the basis of the consistent long-term operation principle of Sound Operations, Strive for Excellence , the Group better implemented the operation principle of Enhancing Efficiency, Establishing Brand Name, Team Building and was able to strengthen its business dynamics and promote growth in results in such a market with intense competition and rapidly increased concentration.

Record-High Contracted Sales During the year under review, by following the changes of the market and adjusting development schedule, the Group achieved a contracted sales of approximately RMB9,373 million, which increased by 43.8% as compared with the previous year. 117% of sales target for the year was completed and contracted sales reached the Group s record high. Benefited from the enthusiastic market response to the opening sales of projects in Tianjin Yujiapu, Shanghai Hongqiao, Jinjiang, Luoyang and Shanghai Caolu, the Group exceeded its contracted sales target. Among which, with its sales area of 29,605 square meters and transaction amount of RMB809 million, Shanghai Caolu Powerlong City Plaza, which is the Group s first commercial real estate project in Shanghai, ranked the second in terms of sales area among commercial office projects in Pudong, Shanghai for the year 2013 and the third in terms of transaction amount among commercial office projects in Pudong, Shanghai for the year 2013 . The above success in various projects evidences the Group s continuous innovation and its effectiveness and feasibility in adopting different product development strategies in 
Business Operation of Higher Standard The Group marked its tenth anniversary since entering into the commercial real estate industry in 2013.
Powerlong City Plazas, which are operated by the Group, have been awarded second of the top 10 in terms of brand value among Chinese commercial real estate projects for 4 consecutive years. The Group has 
also been honoured as second of the top 10 Chinese commercial real estate companies for 3 consecutive years. Following the grand opening of Shanghai Caolu Powerlong City Plaza and Fujian Jinjiang Powerlong City Plaza, the number of shopping malls operated by the Group has reached 15, making us stand out in terms of the quantity of projects and area and steadily promoted in our business operation standard. During the year under review, the Group recorded rental income and property management services income of approximately RMB701 million, representing an increase of 38% over last year, established a solid foundation for the Group s long-term sustainable 
Shanghai Caolu Powerlong City Plaza located in the proximity of the China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone and Jinjiang Powerlong City Plaza, which is the Group s third large-scale integrated commercial real estate project in Fujian, witnessed their grand opening in December. The occupancy rate of the two projects exceeded 95% and the respective shopper traffic exceeded 150,000 on the opening day. Shanghai Caolu Powerlong City Plaza is the first community- oriented city plaza of the Group and has a significant symbolic meaning while Jinjiang Powerlong City Plaza cooperated with various renowned international brands, thus making the project the Group s most fashionable and exquisite city plaza.
The Group has been attempting to create a brand- new business model of community e-commerce from the beginning of the year. On 24 November, the e-commerce platform Powerlong Plazas Online (www.ipowerlong.com) was officially launched in Fuzhou Powerlong City Plaza. It is the first integrated e-commerce platform duly operated in the commercial real estate industry.

Significant Achievements of Regional Focus Development Strategy The Group intensively implemented the land bank strategy of focus on core regions based on the general strategy of intensive development in Shanghai and focus on Yangtze River Delta, Shandong and Fujian regions . The Group acquired a number of quality land parcels in Shanghai, Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Fujian and Shandong to further strengthen its land bank during the year. With the further strengthening of land bank in Shanghai, its position in Yangtze River Delta is also improved. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to uphold its low land cost strategy in acquiring quality land strictly and prudently in order to reasonably proportionate high-end projects and standard projects.
During the year under review, the Group acquired 11 parcels of land in aggregate, with 3 parcels of land in Shanghai, 1 parcel of land in Jiangsu Province, 3 parcels of land in Zhejiang Province, 3 parcels of land in Shandong Province and 1 parcel of land in Fujian Province. In particular, the acquisition of three landmark projects in Shanghai Qibao, Xiamen Lakeside Reservoir and Hangzhou Binjiang has laid a solid foundation for the establishment of a benchmark city complex. For the year ended 31 December 2013, the total gross floor area ( GFA ) of the Group s land bank was 11.0 million square meters (including operated investment properties with total GFA of approximately 1.5 million square meters) which is sufficient for the Group s development for the next 3 to 5 years. From the perspective of the geographical location of the Group s land bank, the current land bank located in first- and second-tier cities represents 74% of the Group s land bank for development. Therefore, we are confident that the Group s long-term development can continuously 
be driven by its quality land resources. In December, the Group successfully bid the quality land parcel in Minhang Qibao Ecology Business District (as the Qibao Project hereinafter). Qibao Project will not only be constructed as a flagship project of a brand-new mode of commercial products in Shanghai region but will also be the location of the Group s future headquarters.
Enhancement of Overall Quality and Establishment of Brand The Group has been dedicated to implementing its strategy of refined products, continuously undergoing product research and development as well as technological innovation. The Group has introduced global top-class designer firms to achieve design quality improvement. For instance, the proposal for Qibao Project in Shanghai attained full mark at bid evaluation; the proposal for Binjiang Project in Hangzhou was highly evaluated by the government and acquired one-off approval from the relevant planning authority. On the other hand, the Group continuously reforms the types of residential properties and shops, optimizes product functions, expands area in use, promotes customer experience in order to satisfy the market demand with higher end and more fashionable products and enhance construction quality management. The Group also intensively implemented template guidance system and quality accountability system and emphasized on building up image projects such as views, external elevations and three points on line. The projects influence on the society was significantly promoted. For instance, the external elevations and views of projects in Penglai, Jinjiang and Luoyang become local quality landmarks. These were able to facilitate project sales and enhance brand 
The policies regarding real estate in the report of the Third Plenary Session of the Eighteenth Communist Party of China Central Committee were shifted to in- depth issues of the industry. With a series of initiatives to be launched, the acceleration of proposed formulation or improvement of these systems will be beneficial for stabilizing market expectations and facilitating market development in the long run. In 2014, the Group recognized the operation principle of Seizing opportunities, Producing refined products, Releasing vibrancy and Realizing improvement . We will also further enhance our integrated operation capability, strengthen our core business competitive edge, establish an elite team, continuously improve operation efficiency, and maintain and promote our status in the industry so as to strive for the best and long-term return for our shareholders. Such initiatives 
Promotion of Intensive City Development and Construction of Refined Projects By seizing the market opportunities in the process of new urbanization, the Group will continue its strategy by insisting on the objective of intensive development in Shanghai and focus on Yangtze River Delta, Shandong and Fujian regions . We should seize the opportunities of decentralization in large cities, in particular, to construct city complex on metro station. Meanwhile, the coordinated development between standard projects and refined projects is also an important issue.
The standard projects focus on speedy implementation to achieve scale and healthy cash flow effect; while the refined projects focus on project quality to enhance 
Qibao Project in Shanghai, Lakeside Reservoir Project in Xiamen and Binjiang Project in Hangzhou are the key projects of the Group. We aim not only at setting the standard internally, but also at setting the standard for the industry and central landmark commercial complex in these cities.
Enhancement of Efficiency in Execution and Regulation of Management The Group will strengthen its integrated plan management. With the operation centre as the main stream, we will establish a coordination and supervision system maximizing its comprehensiveness and intensiveness. In addition, the Group will leverage the guidance purpose of development outline in order to 
drive effective project execution. Moreover, the Group will put more emphasis on the research of product standards and further optimize standard properties. We will strictly execute post-project assessments and follow up the implementation of assessment results. Besides, the Group will optimize tendering system by adopting strategic co-operation during the first stage of a project tender. We will regulate sales activities by establishing full-process planning and annual planning systems and prepare standard practices for planning and sales so as to promote in-field execution ability.
System Improvement for Innovation and Strengthening of Core Business Competitive 
The Group will continue to open 3 to 5 shopping malls in 2014. At the same time, we will also strengthen our brand selection and management ability to strive for co-operation with a series of international first- and second-tier and fashion brands. Also, we will scientifically combine types of business and brands to facilitate collective improvement and development of different brands and types of business. We will continue to explore the advantages of shopping malls in operation so as to promote the operation quality of 
E-commerce will be completely utilized in business operation. In 2014, Powerlong Plazas Online will continue to be launched in the 4 to 6 city plazas operated by the Group. By integrating big data analysis and experimenting on the feasibility of online-offline combination, we made e-commerce as one of the core business competitive edges of Powerlong which created a broader room for future business operation 
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the Group s investors, business partners and customers for their continuous support and trust. At the same time, I would also like to take this opportunity to thank my fellow members of the Board for their work of high performance, contributions and dedication of our staff.
Hoi Kin Hong 
8 April 2014 
