Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ), I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2014.

For the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group recorded revenue of RMB10,419 million, profit for the year amounted to RMB1,354 million, earnings attributable to owners of the Company as high as RMB1,279 million and basic earnings per share of RMB74 cents. The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of RMB14.34 cents per share. During 2014, the Group achieved contracted sales of RMB15.2 billion, representing an increase of 37.8% over last year.

Facing restructuring of the industry, the Group achieved rapid growth of both of its sales and profit. For the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group recorded contracted sales of RMB15.2 billion, exceeding its annual sales target and representing a year-on-year growth of 37.8%.
In addition, profit for the year significantly increased by RMB380 million, representing an increase of 39% over the 
2. REVIEW OF YEAR 2014 Year 2014 marked the entering into a new norm of China s marco economy and adjustment of the cyclical fluctuations of the property market. For the property market of China, it was also a year of transitioning from central administration to a more market oriented operation. In the past year, despite of a relatively weak market sentiment across the country, the Group managed to achieve satisfactory results due to its clearly-defined strategy, efficient execution of the strategy and proactive marketing efforts.
Facing restructuring of the industry, the Group achieved rapid growth in sales and profit. For the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group recorded contracted sales of RMB15.2 billion, overfulfilling its annual sales target and representing a year-on-year growth of 37.8%. In addition, profit for the year significantly increased by RMB380 million, representing an increase of 39% over the last year.

The Group adhered to its strategy of deepening its foothold in the key cities in the Pearl River Delta such as Guangzhou, Foshan and Zhuhai. The sales in respect of the Pearl River Delta Metropolitan Area accounted for 98.6% of total sales of the Group. The sales in respect of the tier-one city, Guangzhou increased by 56.1% year-on- year, accounting for 51.7% of the total sales of the Group.
The Group actively expanded its land reserve through various means, including participation in government s land auctions, city redevelopment projects, greenfield development projects, cooperation with other parties and acquisition of target companies, which laid a solid foundation for obtaining sufficient supply of land. During the last year, the Group adhered to our prudent strategy of investing in the economically developed cities in the Pearl River Delta region such as Guangzhou and Foshan. During the year, the Group acquired a total of 9 land parcels of a planned gross floor area ( GFA ) of 1.1 million 
Meanwhile, the Group continued its prudent financial strategy while ensuring sufficient land reserve and units available for sale.
It also expanded its financing channels by leveraging on overseas platforms, which helped improve our debt structure. In 2014, the Group raised approximately USD600 million by issuance of senior notes and convertible bonds. Such expansion of financing channels helped guarantee the provision of sufficient funds for the Group and therefore was favorable to our continuous growth of business size and profitability. As of 31 December 2014, the proportion of the Group s short-term interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings out of total interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings decreased to 16.6% from 27% in 2013.

3. OUTLOOK FOR YEAR 2015 At the end of 2014, with the central government s stabilizing economic measures stepping up and the property market picking up, the outlook is positive for the Group s overall performance in 2015. Looking forward into 2015, the growth of China economy will remain stable. It is expected that with improving credit and market sentiments, the real estate market will present a more favorable growth environment in 2015.
Technological innovations will bring changes to all industries in the future. The development of big data, mobile internet and smart technology will change our lives fundamentally in the future. I strongly believe that brand new development opportunities lie ahead of the real estate industry. In 2015, the Group will continue to adhere to the strategies of focusing on selected regions, residential business and customers with robust demands and improvement-oriented demands, and to achieve sustainable growth in size in such way with high turnover rate and high sell-through rate. In addition, the Group will actively take part in the redevelopment of the cities in the Pearl River Delta region in a bid to obtain quality land reserve. The Group will also put more efforts to enhance our community services. In particular, we will adopt online and offline operation modes to provide better and more convenient services to the purchasers of our projects.

Year 2014 marked the 15th anniversary of the establishment of our Group. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend our gratitude to the purchasers of our projects, all employees, business partners and investors of Times Property for their support and trust over the past 15 years.

Looking ahead, Times Property will adhere to its mission of empowering more people to live with a lifestyle they are seeking for and continue to pursue its operational philosophy of surprising our customers with quality and moving our customers with our services . Meanwhile, we will strive to create the highest value for our shareholders and provide better products and services to the purchasers of our projects.
Shum Chiu Hung Chairman of the Board, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 6 February 2015 