Chairman’s StatementDEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Powerlong
Real Estate Holdings Limited, I am pleased to present
to all shareholders the audited annual results of the
Group for the year ended 31 December 2016. 2016
was the first year of the Group’s latest five-year plan.
Amidst the complexity and fluctuation in the property
market, the Group precisely comprehended market
trend and achieved substantially in pushing ahead
its strategic moves. Based on the operation ethos of
“Strong Consensus, Quality Breakthrough, Effective
Operation and Team Recomposition”, the past year
saw the grand opening of benchmark projects and
record-high property sales and commercial operation,
laying a solid foundation for the next phase of the
Group’s lead-forward development.
During the year under review, the Group realized a
revenue of RMB14.3 billion and net profit of RMB2.7
billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
approximately 20.1% and 17.7% respectively. Basic
earnings per share was RMB62.3 cents. The Board
recommends the payment of a final dividend of
HK$16.0 cents per share for the year of 2016.
CONTRACTED SALES HITTING
ANOTHER RECORD HIGH
Contracted sales hit another record high for the year,
reaching RMB17.6 billion or a year-on-year growth of
23.3%.
The Group’s sales capability was further enhanced
during the year, with a further improved organizational
structure of the sales team, which was forged to
become an integrated chain covering all products.
More specific sales departments, namely the major
customer department, direct sales department leasing
department and marketing department, were created,
delivering sound initial results and registering more
than RMB1 billion sales amounts from the VIP orders.
5 projects achived respectively, an annual sales of
more than RMB1 billion, namely Tianjin Yujiapu,
Tianjin Binhai, Shanghai Qibao, Shanghai Qingpu and
Anhui Fuyang. More importantly, in Shanghai, the
Group ranked first for the second consecutive year in
Shanghai’s commercial property market in terms of
contracted sales amount.
ACQUISITION OF QUALITY LAND
BANK
During the year, the Group remained consistent
with the “1+5+N” land acquisition strategy put forth
under the latest five-year plan. Keeping Shanghai as
the core focus, the Group also intensively explored
other cities including Suzhou, Hangzhou, Xiamen,
Fuzhou and Nanjing. On a cumulative basis for the
entire year, the Group acquired 13 quality land
parcels, including 8 land parcels situated in Shanghai,
Hangzhou and Suzhou.
As of 31 December 2016, the Group had 66 projects
across China, including 38 projects or more than
half of the Group’s portfolio situated in the Yangtze
River Delta, among which Shanghai accounted for
15 projects. Going forward, the Group will continue
to ride on its brand advantage, continue to pay
attention to market opportunities, further enrich its
land bank in a prudent and proactive manner, in order
for the sustainable and healthy development of the
Company.
As of 31 December 2016, the total gross floor
area (“GFA”) of the Group’s land bank was
approximately 13.2 million square meters (including
investment properties in operation with total GFA
of approximately 2.5 million square meters) which is
sufficient for the property development of the Group
in the next 3 to 5 years. From the perspective of
the geographical location of the Group’s land bank,
current land bank in first-tier and second-tier cities
represents 53.8% of the Group’s land bank under
development and held for future development.
Therefore, the Group is confident that its quality land
resources will continuously drive the Group’s longterm
and healthy development.
BUSINESS OPERATION HIGHLIGHTING
CORE COMPETITIVENESS
In 2016, the Group recorded rental income and
property management services income of RMB1.4
billion, representing an increase of 26.3% over last
year, highlighting the solid foundation of business
operation as the Group’s core competitiveness.
During the year under review, the Group’s
commercial operation team has completed the
unprecedented intensive project commencement
mission. Effective leasing processes and powerful
preparation and organization brought forth the
record-high occurrence of business commencements
for the Group’s projects, and secured the opening of
seven Powerlong Plazas, including the two benchmark
projects namely Shanghai Qibao Powerlong City and
Hangzhou Binjiang Powerlong City. Grandly opened
on 24 December 2016, Hangzhou Binjiang Powerlong
City had its first-day traffic of 220,000 customers,
which represented the Group’s record-high first-day
customer traffic.
As of 31 December 2016, the number of shopping
malls currently operated and managed by the Group
has reached 32, allowing us to outperform other
industry players in terms of quantity and area of
projects.
During the year under review, the Group had
substantial improvements in attracting new tenants
to its plazas. The portfolio of long-standing tenants
kept on improving, including international renowned
branded chain stores such as Yonghui Supertores,
UA, H&M, MUJI and Broadway Cinemas. Further,
many branded chain stores including GUESS, Xibei
You Mian Cun, SPAR Shandong, etc. became the
Group’s tenant for the first time. Going forward, the
Group’s portfolio of commercial brands will be more
consumer-focused and people-based. Such portfolio
will be upgraded on an ongoing basis, with a view to
improving quality in shopping for consumers in China.
Under the Group’s light asset strategy, the operation
management achieved breakthroughs during the
year. Apart from two projects namely Yiwu Powerlong
Plaza and Chongqing Fulin Powerlong Plaza, for which
outsourced management has been secured, similar
arrangements in respect of some other projects were
in the course of negotiation. This will greatly extend
the room for business operation and development of
the Group.
Having entered the commercial real estate industry
for 13 years, the Group has been awarded TOP 10
Brands of China Commercial Real Estate Companies
for six consecutive years. Powerlong Plazas operated
by the Group have been awarded “TOP 10 Brands of
China Commercial Real Estate” for seven consecutive
years.
FALLING FINANCE COSTS
In optimizing the debt structure, the Company has
diversified its financing channels and has also been
lowering its finance costs. The consolidated finance
costs of the Group further decreased from 8.05% as
of 2014 and 7.55% as of 2015 to 6.18% as of 2016.
During the year under review, Shanghai Powerlong
Industrial Development, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company, issued public corporate bonds with
an aggregate principal amount of RMB4.0 billion. In
September 2016, the Company issued the 4.875%
USD200 million senior notes with a maturity of five
years due 2021. The issue cost was the lowest among
companies of the same credit rating. The one-year
interest rate applicable to asset-backed securities in
respect of the remainder sales monies of Shanghai
Powerlong Industrial Development was merely 3.90%,
which was a record low for the finance costs of the
Group.
The Company’s completion of redemption of the
11.25% USD250 million senior notes due 2018
in January 2016 and the completion of partial
redemption of the 10.75% RMB1,500 million senior
notes due 2017 in November 2016 at a rate of 58.7%,
successfully replaced past debts with high interest
rate through quality low-interest financing. The
Group’s finance cost was thereby further reduced.
As of 31 December 2016, cash and cash equivalents
and restricted cash of the Group increased by
approximately 50.9% to RMB10.1 billion as compared
to the year end of 2015.
AUGMENTED RECOGNITION IN
CAPITAL MARKET
Benefiting from its improved results of operation, the
Company received an upgraded “POSITIVE” rating
outlook from Moody’s and S&P, an improvement
from the previous “STABLE” rating outlook. Shanghai
Powerlong Industrial Development received an
upgraded “AA+” rating on its issuer credit rating and
debt credit rating, with a “STABLE” rating outlook,
from United Credit Rating Company Ltd. (聯合信用評
級有限公司) in July 2016. Further, the Company was
also listed as one of the stocks under HK-Shenzhen
Stock Connect, which represented the capital market’s
public recognition of the Group’s efforts over these
years.
During the year under review, the stock price of
the Company grew by 46.5%, reflecting the capital
market’s recognition of the Group.
DIVERSIFICATION STRATEGY
REAPING FRUITS
After years of exploration, the Group’s hotel business
has adopted an approach by which the Group has
the core businesses of international brand hotels
and own brand chain hotels. During the year under
review, Powerlong Hotel Group has opened three
international brand hotels and launched mode of
artistic hotels. As at 31 December 2016, the Group
owned nine international brand hotels and three own
brand chain hotels.
As regards investment, the Group participated in
the capital increase exercise of E-House China in
August 2016. E-House is a leading real estate services
provider in China based on mega data. The Group
is optimistic about the room and potentials for the
future business development of E-House.
OUTLOOK
Continuing to follow the pathway set forth under
the development plan for the period 2016–2020,
the Group will steadfastly implement and perform
its strategic planning, adopting a business property
strategy of “Three-Incentives” on the main business
segment for the Group to succeed in business
operation, quality property provision and asset
management. Identifying hotels, culture and
investment as the supplementary segments of the
Group, and holding on to the strategic factors of
“Focus, Quality and Capital”, the Group will continue
to keep on enhancing the quality of its products
and services comprehensively and further improving
returns to shareholders.
2017 is a year of intensifying the structural reform on
the supply-side. While the property sector is swinging
back to more residence-focused, “policy formulation
depending on the situation of each city” will continue
to be fortified under the mainstream of strict control
of risks and de-stocking. A long-standing mechanism
for the steady and healthy growth of the property
sector which is in tandem with market conditions
will be further established, so as to guide the overall
economy through to a pre-set direction of steady and
healthy development.
In the face of new opportunities in 2017, the
Group has identified “Passionate Team, Efficient
Management, Quality Products and Benchmarking
Achievements” (激情團隊，高效管理，精築品質，
成就標杆) as its working direction for the year. The
Group will be committed to setting up the quality
system of “Fine and Seamless Construction” and
uplift its brand image. Instilling the notion of quality
into the Group’s gene, and making quality products
a matter of habit, the Group aims to become a wellrespected
player that delivers high-quality property
products.
Following the prevailing development trend in
China’s property market, destocking remains the
main theme of the Group’s sales efforts in 2017.
Upholding the “Bulk Sales” concept, the Group
will achieve resources sharing and focus on selling
large-scale products. Sales targets for 2017 will be
further increased to RMB20,000 million. As regard
to marketing management, the Group will take a
more detailed approach and aims to renovate upon
the traditional sales approach, formulate customized
proposals, emphasize capacity building, enhance its
ability in securing VIP customers and boost sales with
substantial per-order amounts.
The Group will push ahead the commencement of
its shopping malls in a more systematic and efficient
way to ensure the successful opening of five more
Powerlong plazas and two asset-light management
projects in 2017. While ensuring the perfect
commencement of Xiamen Powerlong One Mall,
efforts will be made to push ahead the enhancement
of operating capability of two benchmark projects
namely Shanghai Qibao Powerlong City and
Hangzhou Binjiang Powerlong City. A “Customeroriented
Program” will be fully implemented to testify
its brand with its products.
For expansion of its land bank, the Group will continue
to hold on to its “1+6+N”strategy, by acquiring land
parcels prudently and strategically at low costs and
maintaining competitiveness. The Group will plan
the overall layout in an accurate manner and keep
abreast of the development of government policies in
a timely manner and exploring channels for securing
and developing resources are essential. In addition,
the Group will remain diversified in the channels of
land acquisition and step up efforts in collaborative
mergers and acquisitions.
The Group will identify the intrinsic brand uniqueness
of its hotel operation. Riding on the high-quality
opening of operation of the self-operated artistic
hotel, the Group will enhance the market image of
the ARTELS+ (藝悅) brand.
Setting a higher standard for its financial control
capability, the Group will be committed to optimizing
its debt structure, lowering finance costs, and
improving the efficiency of capital operation.Attaching great importance to working strenuously
in attracting, developing and motivating talents, on a
thorough basis, it will foster capacity building to build
a platform upon which all staff members can utilize
their potentials to the fullest, and unleash their energy
to the fullest extent. The Group will also maintain its
cultural construction and uphold “entrepreneurship”
to develop managers’ devotion to their career.
The Group will also elevate its staff care, incubate
the sense of belongings on the ethos of “Shared
Devotion, Pathway and Passion”, in order to create a
happy and vivid atmosphere in the workplace.
The Group will continue with its healthy development
and solidify its strategic deployment with the
geographical centre in Shanghai, to maintain its
leading position in the commercial property sector.
The Group believes that its cohesion, steadfast
beliefs, shared vision, collaborative efforts, embracing
for challenges and perseverance will make the Group
an ambitious and well-respected benchmarking player
in the industry.
APPRECIATION
The steady growth of the Group is attributable to the
enormous support from the relevant parties for years.
The Board would like to take this opportunity to
express its sincere gratitude to the Group’s investors,
business partners and customers for their continuous
trust and support. At the same time, the Board would
also like to take this opportunity to thank the Board
members for their work of high performance and the
Group’s staff for their contributions and dedication.
The Group will continue to uphold its tradition of
“Creditability, Courtesy, Innovation, Enthusiasm”
while relying on an elite team with unified values,
loyalty and commitment. It will adhere to its belief
and rise to challenges in order to create better returns
for its customers, shareholders and investors and to
create greater values for the society.
Hoi Kin Hong
Chairman
20 March 2017