Chairman s Statement 
HOI Kin Hong Chairman and President 
On behalf of the Board of Powerlong, I hereby present our operating results for the year of 2011. I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to the support and trust of our shareholders.
The year of 2011 marked a new milestone for Powerlong.
Despite the ever-changing and uncertain macro- economy, Powerlong has continued to keep abreast of all changes and completed the openings of 6 shopping malls and 2 hotels timely.
EXPANDING PRESENCE BY OPENING 6 NEW MALLS IN 2011 Since the successful transition into a commercial properties developer since 2003, our commercial properties portfolio enlarged significantly, Powerlong has established sound corporate management, solid operating foundation and has gained competitive edges in the commercial property market. In 2011, with professional and precise planning and executions, 6 shopping malls located in 3rd to 4th tier cities, namely Suqian, Yancheng, Qingdao Licang, Qingdao Jimo, Luoyang and Quanzhou Anxi, respectively commenced grand openings. These 6 shopping malls are classified as our second generation products with modified designs and features. Each shopping mall serves as the multi-functional complex for the community providing entertainments and leisure activities to the local residents.
Powerlong achieved remarkable breakthrough during 2011 in terms of the quality of partnerships, of which the tender rate of the 2 malls in Suqian and Yancheng respectively was 100%, while those of the malls in Qingdao Licang, Qingdao Jimo and Quanzhou Anxi reached over 98%. Numerous renowned retailers are willing to maintain long-term and friendly cooperation relationship with us, reflecting the success of Powerlong s second generation malls.

HEALTHY BUSINESS ENABLES FUND RAISING OF APPROXIMATELY RMB2 BILLION FOR CONSOLIDATING 
Powerlong has issued RMB750 million US$ settled Senior Bonds due 2014 in March 2011, which is the second bond issuance since the listing of the Company in 2009.
We have also secured a loan facility of US$47 million from a bank syndicate at the same period. In September 2011, Powerlong issued HK$1 billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due September 2014 to China Life Trustees Limited and the proceeds will be used for enhancing the flexibility and liquidity of the operations of the Group. The fund raising abilities demonstrated Powerlong has gained recognition and support from investors and financial institutes.
STRATEGIES AND FUTURE OUTLOOK Our strategies for 2012 can be summarised as Sound Operations, Strive for Excellence . Powerlong will continue to focus on development of large-scale commercial complex projects particularly in Shandong Province, Jiangsu Province, Henan Province, Tianjin and Fujian Province, where Powerlong enjoys well- established local market knowledge and a reputable brand name with proven track record. The future plan will be developing i) Community commercial complexes in 1st Tier cities; ii) Sub-urban Centers Development in 2nd or 3rd Tier cities and iii) City Centers Development in 3rd and 4th Tier cities.
The 6 new malls opened in 2011 have significantly enlarged our portfolio and an key objective for 2012 will be to improve the operations of existing shopping malls, strengthen the management and expertise on managing the commercial properties and to achieve better rental yields and occupancy rates. In 2012, in addition to the 11 existing shopping malls, Powerlong targets to complete construction of 2 new malls, 1 in Xinxiang and 1 in 
Prudent financial management will be the top priority. To maintain sustainable growth, balancing each project s cashflow will be a key objective. Last but not least, Powerlong targets to build and maintain closer strategic alliances with retailers for a stronger landlord brandname to stay competitive in the industry.
To conclude, as a leading commercial property developer, Powerlong adheres to its values of Creditability, Courteous, Innovation, Enthusiasm through its good quality products, flexible marketing strategies, and prudent financial management to maximise its profits as well as shareholders returns.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to Powerlong s investors, business partners and customers for their continuous support. At the same time, I would also like to take this opportunity to thank my fellow members of the Board for their contributions and the dedication of our staff.
Hoi Kin Hong 
22 March 2012 