CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENTDEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
During the year ended 31 March 2017, changes in the
international political landscape cast a shadow of uncertainty
over the global economic development. Market concerns
about US Federal Reserve’s faster pace of rate hikes and
China’s continued slower economic growth depressed the
overall consumer sentiment. In spite of macroeconomic
challenges, however, Hong Kong’s property market on
which Wang On Properties Limited (the “Company”,
together with its subsidiaries, collectively the “Group”)
focuses on maintaining its healthy momentum. Benefiting
from plentiful liquidity and a comparatively low interest rate
environment, and coupled with a strong demand from local
and mainland homebuyers, Hong Kong’s property market
continued to grow steadily.
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
During the year under review, two residential projects of the
Group achieved excellent pre-sale results, but as relevant
property development projects had not yet been delivered to
the purchasers, their results were not consolidated into the
Group’s financial results included in this report, resulting in a
decrease in revenue compared with the previous year.
The Company maintained a balanced property portfolio
covering residential and commercial property development
and commercial investment project to provide the Group
with stable and diversified sources of revenue. The Group
implemented strict criteria of project site selection and based
unit design on thoroughly thought out plans and accurate
product positioning. All residential and commercial
properties developed by the Group were designed to
comprehensively meet the needs of target customers,
making the most out of their locations and surroundings.
Residential Property Development
Regarding residential property development, the Group
focused on developing small-to-medium-sized residential
units targeting small families in recent years. The Group’s
residential property brand, “The Met.”, is advantageously
located with convenient transportation and living facilities,
offers trendy design and excellent space utilisation and has
won wide public recognition. During the year under review,
the Group launched pre-sales of two residential projects — “The
Met. Blossom” in the third quarter of 2016 and “The Met.
Bliss” in the fourth quarter of 2016. Both projects were
hugely popular, selling out almost all units in a few weeks,
and 1,001 units out of a total of 1,004 units have been sold.
The success of these two projects was mainly attributable to
their accurate product positioning, which targets single
people, young couples and first-time home buyers and
provision of high-quality metropolitan life, coupled with 
tailored effective marketing strategies. In addition to rigid
demand from home buyers, the projects attracted many
investors because of their superior attributes. The contracted
sales revenue of “The Met. Bliss” and “The Met. Blossom”
amounted to approximately HK$4.0 billion, which is
expected to be recognised in the following two financial
years, laying a solid foundation for the Group to achieve
sustainable and healthy returns.
Commercial Property Development
Regarding commercial property development, the Group
was working to build the brand “Ladder”, which focuses on
multi-storey Ginza type commercial complexes positioned
as iconic commercial landmarks integrating fashion,
catering, leisure and entertainment. The Group’s second
Ginza type commercial complex project, located at Nathan
Road, Mongkok, has started constructing the
superstructure. This 19-storey commercial building is
expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2017.
Property Investment
In addition to self-developed properties, the Group also
holds a portfolio of high-quality properties, including first-tier
office properties, shopfronts and parking spaces, for lease
and investment. On the one hand, these property
investments can provide stable recurring cash flows to
finance the Group’s working capital needs. On the other
hand, these premium properties also offer opportunities of
capital appreciation. The Group combines residential
property development, commercial property development
and property investment to balance the revenue from various
sources.
During the year under review, the Group signed a syndicated
loan agreement with six banks for HK$1.5 billion, which will
not only provide a strong financial support for the Group’s
future business development, but also provide the Group
with more sufficient liquidity. The ready support offered by
the banks to the Group also reflected the capital market’s
full confidence in the Group’s business prospects.
FUTURE OUTLOOK
Strong demand from local home buyers and the influx of
Mainland investors for local properties driven by heightened
property prices in the Mainland will support the local
property market’s continued stable development. The
government’s move to increase the stamp duty on the
purchase of the second unit of residential property is
expected to curtail some investor demand and is positive for
the residential property market’s healthy development. We
remain cautiously optimistic for the outlook of Hong Kong’s
property market.
Sales Projects of the Year
The Group’s project under construction on its exclusively
acquired land parcel located at Tai Po Road — Tai Wai
section in Shatin district, was officially named “The Met.
Acappella” in April this year. The project, to be developed in
line with the brand positioning of “The Met.”, is expected to
be completed in 2019, with a designed gross floor area of
approximately 130,000 square feet. The Group plans to
launch the project in the third quarter of 2017, whose smallto-medium-sized
residential units are expected to continue
to attract home buyers with rigid demand and investors and
hopefully make new highs in sale prices. The project sales,
as and when they are recognised, are expected to bring
continuous and steady cash inflow to the Group. Pre-sales
of the two other residential projects of the Group were
completed in the reporting period, and the revenue will be
recognised upon project completion and delivery.
In residential property development, the Group currently
focuses on “The Met.” collection of boutique residences.
Going forward, it will consider different types of properties in
the light of market demand while maintaining the Group’s
stable development.
Land Bank
The Group acquired the entire equity interest of a residential
site in Yiu Sha Road, Whitehead, Ma On Shan (Sha Tin
Town Lot No. 601) in the second quarter of 2017, which is
expected to add approximately 390,000 square feet of land
to the Group’s land bank, in order to provide land resources
for future development. In respect of another site located at
13 and 15 Sze Shan Street, Yau Tong, the Group accepted
in the second quarter of the amount of land premium
assessed by the Lands Department. Furthermore, the Group
has entered into a sale and purchase agreement with CIFI
Holdings (Group) Co. Ltd. (“CIFI Group”), one of China’s
top 20 real estate developers, in June 2017. A joint venture
enterprise established for collaboration of a commercial and
residential project in Yau Tong, with a site area of
approximately 41,000 sq ft. The Group and CIFI Group each
holds a 50% equity interest in the project. At present, the
Group is preparing the arrangement of its foundation works.
The project is expected to be completed in 2020. These
projects are expected to drive the Group’s earnings and
revenue growth in the future.
In participating in public land tender programmes to refurnish
our land bank, our first consideration is whether the sites are
favourably located in terms of transportation and living
facilities to ensure that our developed properties will meet
our brand positioning. We participate in land tender
programmes in a sober-minded way based on detailed
analysis of overall costs and objective assessment of the
potentials of proposed property projects. In addition, the
Group will be active in looking for opportunities to acquire
commercial and industrial properties for investment in order
to build a diversified and flexible asset portfolio and better
cope with market changes.
GIVING BACK TO COMMUNITY
As a business with a social mission, we are committed to
giving back to community while enhancing shareholder
value. During the year under review, the Group continued to
support education for children from underprivileged families,
enrolment of newly-arrived students into local universities,
and environmental protection through sponsorship and
donation. We believe that our sponsorship and donation can
enable supported students from underprivileged families to
enjoy life opportunities on an equal footing and contribute to
Hong Kong’s future like other people. Details about our
environmental, social and governance work during the year
under review are disclosed under the section headed
“Environmental, Social and Governance Report” in this
report.
APPRECIATION
It is thanks to the full dedication of our entire staff that the
Group has maintained strong development amidst a
complicated and quickly evolving market environment. On
behalf of the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”
or the “Directors”), I would like to express sincere
appreciation to all the staff for their great work and valuable
contribution to the Group over the year. I also thank all our
shareholders for their trust and support of the management
team.
Chan Chun Hong
Non-executive Chairman
Hong Kong, 21 June 2017