CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board” or the “Directors”) of Wang On Properties Limited (the
“Company” or “WOP”), I am pleased to announce the annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries
(collectively the “Group”) for the year ended 31 March 2016 (the “reporting period” or the “year”), which is also
our first annual results following our listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).
The situation of global economy remained challenging and expansion in many emerging economies was slowing
down during the reporting period. In Hong Kong, property prices continued to garner support from moderate
economic growth and robust demand for premium properties, especially small-sized residential units. The Group
has adopted a business strategy with emphasis on the development of small-to-medium-sized residential units to
meet the increasing demand for such properties.
Our property development business commenced in 2004. Since then, we have been actively pursuing
opportunities in the Hong Kong real estate sector. While we acknowledged the difficulty in competing with those
property giants who have been dominating the Hong Kong real estate market in terms of financial resources and
operation scale, we counted on our accurate positioning of both commercial and residential properties, the high
standard we set for building materials, and our unique design and meticulous planning in sales arrangement. We
believe in our heartfelt commitment to building homes and we believe that, as long as we remain fully committed
to our vision, WOP should eventually stand out from other property developers.
Over the years, WOP had successfully established the “The Met.” brand in Hong Kong and developed three
boutique residential development projects with distinct features in Hong Kong. “The Met.” brand signifies good
quality residential units with trendy design and layout, in locations easily accessible by public transportation and
complete with various kinds of auxiliary facilities, which are most suitable for single occupants and young couples.
In addition, the Group is currently establishing a theme for our new commercial project brand “Ladder”. We
intend to use the “Ladder” brand for our Ginza-style commercial property located at 575 Nathan Road, which is
currently under development, and other Ginza-style commercial properties to be developed in future. WOP
believe that by offering high-quality properties which match the market trends and meet customer demands, the
Group will be able to further promote its brand recognition and reputation among residents and investors.
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
During the reporting period, the Group generated revenue from property development, rentals and property
management fee. The Group completed delivery of all units of “The Met. Delight” in Camp Street, Cheung Sha
Wan as well as certain remaining units of “The Met. Sublime” in Kwai Heung Street, Sai Ying Pun during the
reporting period. One of the two unsold upper floor units in “726 Nathan Road” was sold in September 2015. The
transaction was also completed in February 2016. The Group is actively seeking buyer for the last remaining upper
floor unit. Meanwhile, a retail unit on the ground floor of the property continued to generate rental income to the
Group.
We believe it is important to strive for both capital appreciation and stable cash flow to finance the working capital
needs in real estate business. Thus, in addition to property development, we maintain certain quality properties for
investment purpose. The investment property portfolio provides the Group with flexibility to reap greater benefits.
We closely monitor the dynamics in property market and will timely adjust our investment property portfolio
according to market conditions. During the reporting period, we disposed of a number of properties, comprising
Riviera Plaza in Tsuen Wan, a shop in Mongkok, properties in Yen Chow Street and Chuen Lung Street and certain
car parking spaces, for an aggregate consideration of HK$1,104.3 million.
Currently, we have four projects under development, amongst which two projects in Ma On Shan will be launched
in 2016 and early 2017 respectively. The Group will continue to adopt a cautious proactive approach towards the
selection of quality land lots by primarily considering small-to-medium-sized sites close to MTR stations and easily
accessible, and will replenish our land bank progressively in order to facilitate long-term sustainable development
of our business in the future.
In respect of investment properties, WOP currently holds one industrial building unit and seven retail premises,
some of which are street shops at prime locations. The Group will continue to look for potential investment
properties in different districts in the future.
GIVING BACK TO COMMUNITY
While we endeavour to promote business development and strive for greater returns for our shareholders, we
acknowledge our corporate social responsibility by contributing to community development in the place where
our business has been established and thrived. During the reporting period, the Group made charity donations to
organisations including The Community Chest of Hong Kong and Hong Kong New Arrivals Services Foundation
Limited to show our care to society. In light of the ever greater disparity between rich and poor in Hong Kong
society developed in recent years, grassroots families face escalating pressure in making a living. Apart from
tangible resources and financial support, this group of people yearns for care and respect from the general public.
Education for children from underprivileged families is another issue of concern in Hong Kong society. We have
provided education fund subsidies to students from low-income families and offered internship opportunities to
them, with a view to helping them to have better education and job prospects.
FUTURE OUTLOOK
The prospects of global economy remain uncertain due to the US interest rate hike, foreign exchange volatility
and the restructuring and transformation of China economy. Nevertheless, as Hong Kong is characterised by
limited land supply and a prolonged excess demand in the property market, it is expected that property prices will
remain relatively stable for some time. The recent significant depreciation in currencies of neighbouring countries
has hampered the number of visitors from Mainland China. It is inevitable for the business of retailers targeting
such visitors to suffer a blow. Consequently, rental rates of commercial properties in certain districts are expected
to be temporarily affected.
In light of robust demand for small-to-medium-sized residential units in Hong Kong, we have been concentrating
on affordable small-to-medium-sized properties in recent years and have developed boutique residential
properties targeting first-time home buyers. Previous boutique residential projects under “The Met.” series were
all very well-received. We anticipate further and greater demands for such small-to-medium-sized residential
properties. The Group has four projects under construction including Ma Kam Street project and Hang Kwong
Street project in Ma On Shan, Tai Po Road project in Tai Wai and the commercial project on 575 Nathan Road,
Mongkok, which are expected to be completed and be delivered between 2017 and 2019. The Group will continue
to actively take part in land tenders hosted by the government and capture other opportunities for property
acquisitions so as to maintain sufficient land bank to support the sustainable development of our real estate
business.
APPRECIATION
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to every shareholder, whose support has rendered our successful spin-
off from our parent company, Wang On Group Limited (“Wang On” or the “Parent Company”) in 2016, making us
now a separate listed property developer. I am most proud as being able to participate in the evolution of the
Group alongside with our management team in the past 12 years, and would like to express my heartfelt gratitude
to our colleagues and business partners, who have always been supportive and faithful to us in such a lasting and
challenging adventure.
On behalf of the Board, I would also like to express my sincere appreciation to all the staff for their dedication and
contribution in all aspects of the Group over the past year. I wish the Company another successful year with
concerted efforts and teamwork from all of our staff.
Chan Chun Hong
Non-executive Chairman
Hong Kong, 8 June 2016