Chairman s Statement I am proud that AIA continues to deliver 
that address the vast and rapidly growing real life protection and savings needs of our 
I am pleased to report that 2013 was another year of considerable progress and strong growth for AIA.
Once again the Group has produced excellent results across all of our main financial metrics maintaining our established track record of executing our growth strategy to create sustainable value for our shareholders. I am proud that AIA continues to deliver strong results by providing high- quality products and services that address the vast and rapidly growing real life protection and savings needs of our customers throughout the region.
Value of new business (VONB), our main measure of performance, reached another record level in 2013 and now stands at US$1,490 million, a 25 per cent increase compared with our previous high in 2012. IFRS operating profit after tax (OPAT) increased by 16 per cent to US$2,504 million.
These strong levels of profitable growth have been achieved alongside a further improvement in our solvency ratio and free surplus position. AIA also successfully integrated both the ING Malaysia and Aviva NDB Insurance Sri Lanka acquisitions during 2013. Our ability to fund strategically aligned inorganic opportunities in addition to driving strong organic growth rates is a testament to the quality of the Group s in-force business and the prudent management of our 
While AIA is only three years old as an independent and publicly listed company, we believe that our unrivalled depth of experience in Asia and the quality and scale of our distribution and product platform position us well to play a major role in promoting the development of the private social welfare system in Asia.
We understand that AIA s ongoing ability to finance new business growth and deliver progressive dividends is of great importance to our shareholders. In line with our previously-stated goal to deliver prudent, sustainable and progressive shareholder dividends, the Board has recommended a final dividend of 28.62 Hong Kong cents per share, subject to shareholders approval at the AGM. This represents an increase of 16 per cent compared with the final dividend in 2012 reflecting the strength of our results and brings the total dividend for 2013 to 42.55 Hong Kong cents 
The Board is committed to upholding the highest standards of corporate governance and risk management controls, which are fundamental to AIA s sustainable development and to maintaining investor and customer confidence in our organisation. I am privileged to have the opportunity to lead a Board composed of high-calibre individuals who are keenly committed to the Group s success.
As at 30 November 2013, our share price has outperformed the Hang Seng Index (HSI) by 94 per cent since Iisting and AIA remains the largest Hong Kong headquartered and incorporated company in the HSI. I would like to thank all of our shareholders for their support and who believe, as we do, in AIA s outstanding 
I would like to convey my deepest thanks on behalf of the Board to everyone involved in AIA s continued success including AIA s employees, agents, partners and customers for their ongoing support. Particular thanks go to your Group Chief Executive and President Mark Tucker and his team for their skilled leadership.
AIA s outstanding achievements in 2013 are a function of their outstanding execution against the backdrop of the Group s exceptional position as the leading life insurance franchise in the 
Edmund Sze-Wing Tse 
