Chairman s Statement Over this time, a clear track record of strong and sustained performance has emerged in keeping with our confidence in the Group s outstanding prospects for 
Edmund Sze-Wing Tse 
It is with great pleasure that I present my third annual Statement since AIA became an independent listed company in October 2010. Over this time, a clear track record of strong and sustained performance has emerged in keeping with our confidence in the Group s outstanding prospects for 
The Group has delivered an excellent set of results in 2012 building on the momentum achieved in 2011, which was in itself a record year. I would like to thank our leadership team, employees, agents and partners for their hard work and dedication in producing another significant uplift in profitability and shareholder value.
Value of new business (VONB) now stands at US$1,188 million in 2012, a 27 per cent increase compared with 2011 and more than doubled the figure achieved in 2009.
Embedded value (EV) was up 15 per cent over the year and is 50 per cent higher than in 2009. It is a testament to the quality of the Group s in-force business and the active management of its financial position that these levels of profitable new business growth were achieved alongside an improving solvency ratio.
In line with our stated goal to deliver prudent, sustainable and progressive dividends to our shareholders, the Board has recommended a final dividend of 24.67 Hong Kong cents per share, subject to shareholders approval at the AGM.
This is an increase of 12 per cent compared with 2011.
AIA s ability to finance growth and deliver a progressive dividend is well recognised by our shareholders and the maintenance of this balance is one to which your Directors attach great importance.
I am also pleased to report that our share price has outperformed the Hang Seng Index by over 70 per cent since listing and that AIA is now the largest Hong Kong headquartered and incorporated company in the Hang Seng 
2012 was also noteworthy for the Group in that AIG disposed of its final tranche of AIA s shares via a private placement valued at approximately US$6.45 billion in December 2012.
Globally, this was one of the largest secondary placings ever undertaken. The tremendous speed and efficiency with which the transaction was completed provide further testimony to the level of support in the investment community for AIA and the Group s prospects. The share placing was also significant as it brought to a close any remaining links between AIA and AIG. This is an appropriate occasion to pay tribute to the unfailing support AIA has received from AIG in the past in building the businesses that now constitute the AIA Group, and over the two years since our IPO. AIA is a truly Asian organisation, directed from Hong Kong and operating solely in the growth markets of the Asia-Pacific region.
The Corporate Governance and Risk Management sections in this Annual Report demonstrate the great importance your Board attaches to maintaining the highest standards of professionalism in governance matters. A key aspect of governance is the composition and balance of the Board and during 2012 important steps were taken to further strengthen the independence of the Board.
During the year one independent and two non-independent directors left the Board. Three independent non-executive directors were appointed in their place and a non-executive director also qualified for redesignation as a further independent director. Your Board is now made up of seven independent non-executive directors plus the Executive Director and myself. My initial appointment as Non-executive Chairman was for two years from 1 January 2011. The Board has invited me to remain as Chairman for a further two years and I am honored to accept.
The outstanding results again demonstrate AIA s momentum for sustained growth and the Group s exceptional attributes that position us to take advantage of the abundant growth opportunities across the Asia-Pacific region. We have clearly defined strategies for growth focused at all times on increasing shareholder value by delivering high-quality products and services to an ever-widening community 
In closing, I would like to record my most sincere thanks to your Group Chief Executive and President Mark Tucker and his team for their great achievements in 2012. They are an exceptional team who produce exceptional results.
Edmund Sze-Wing Tse 
