Chairman s Statement The IPO and establishment of the AIA Group as an 
company have reinforced our historical roots in the region, and have enabled us to focus once again on capturing the 
in the Asia Pacific region.
Edmund Sze Wing Tse 
It gives me great pleasure to write my first Statement as Non-executive Chairman of AIA Group Limited, and to share with you our first Annual Report as an independent listed company. As many of you will be aware, in the period up to my retirement from executive responsibilities in June 2009 I was engaged for many years in the development of the Asian life insurance businesses that now constitute your Group. As Non-executive Chairman I am very proud to be able to report to you the renewed dynamism and vitality that I now observe right across the Group.
In the seven months since Mark Tucker s appointment as Group Chief Executive in July 2010 there has been a transformation in the quality of the AIA Group s leadership and a marked reorientation towards profitable growth. Most importantly, there has also been a transformation in the motivation of our agents and managers in our country operations, whose continued success is so critical to our future.
The twelve months to 30 November 2010 were transitional ones for the AIA Group and were not without their challenges.
The year began with a steady recovery of lost ground in our market franchise following the setbacks suffered as a result of AIG s global problems in 2008, and with the decision by AIG to divest its Asian operations by means of a flotation on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Whilst this path seemed to offer the AIA Group a secure future, in mid-year it was disrupted by receipt of a purchase offer from Prudential plc of the United Kingdom. Whilst subsequently withdrawn, this resulted in a temporary loss of momentum for your Group during the first half of 2010.
Once Prudential had withdrawn its offer, the AIA Group was able to resume its progress towards a listing, which took place successfully on 29 October 2010. This was the third largest Initial Public Offering (IPO) globally, and was heavily oversubscribed. Following listing, AIG s shareholding has been reduced to approximately 33%. As is reported in detail in subsequent sections of this report, and as is evident from the financial information section, the removal of uncertainty about the future direction and management of the Group, and the strengthening of senior management during the last few months of the financial year, allowed the AIA Group to resume its recovery of momentum and growth on all key parameters. Our consolidated financial results also benefited from favourable foreign exchange movements that impacted both our balance sheet and our profit and loss account.
The IPO and establishment of the AIA Group as an independent Asia-based company have reinforced our historical roots in the region, and have enabled us to focus once again on capturing the outstanding opportunities in the Asia Pacific region that are offered to a group with our financial strength and advantaged market positioning.
What the Group has achieved so far is just the beginning. Your Board and executive management are united in their determination to justify the faith demonstrated by the investment community in Hong Kong and globally. Our common goal is to ensure that in the short and medium term the AIA Group establishes a record for out-performance, by delivering sustainable profitable growth on all key performance measures and by laying the foundations for a long-term future as the pre-eminent pan-Asian life insurer. We believe our goal will generate value for our shareholders commensurate with the tremendous opportunities offered all across the Asia Pacific region.
The performance of the AIA Group will of course reflect in part the economic climate in Asian economies, and by extension in those economies major trading partners in North America and Europe. Whilst it would be unwise to make forecasts, and whilst the risks associated with excessive sovereign and bank debt cannot be ignored, on present evidence the global economy seems to have developed the political will and self confidence to govern itself with reduced risk of fresh shocks to the system.
In closing my Statement, on your behalf I wish to take this opportunity to thank the Group Chief Executive and President, his management team and all our staff and distributors across the region for their unstinting commitment and efforts over the past year. I wish them every success in what promises to be an exciting year ahead.
Edmund Sze Wing Tse 
