Chairman s Statement I am pleased to report that ?011 was a very successful year for the business.
The momentum for profitable growth established in the second half of ?010 was sustained and enhanced, despite a difficult global economic background. The results for the year reflect an outstanding achievement by our leadership team, employees and agents, right across the region.
Our main measure of performance is value of new business (VONB), reflecting our focus on writing only new business that meets our profitability and margin targets. To achieve an increase of 40 per cent over the substantial growth in ?010 is truly excellent. We also continued to nurture our in-force book of more than ?4 million policies as demonstrated by our increase in embedded value (EV) of 10 per cent and the increase in our operating profit after tax of a healthy 1? per cent.
Our capital position remains very strong. Our solvency ratio at ?11 per cent remains among the strongest for any insurer globally and this is reflected in AIA Co. s AA- S&P rating. In ?011 the Board began declaring regular dividends in line with the policy anticipated at the time of the IPO. If market conditions remain as they are, your Board expects that the Group will continue to combine high rates of profitable growth, a prudent dividend policy and a strong capital base in ?01? and beyond a very advantaged combination for a life insurance company.
While improving operational results is largely within our management control, increases in share price and market capitalisation are, to an extent, dependent on general market trends. In this context, the Group s own experience has been satisfactory over the past year despite concerns about global economic recovery and financial market performance: we have outperformed the market and our share price at ?0 November ?011 reflected an increase of ?0 per cent over the IPO issue price. Our status as one of the leading quoted companies in Asia was recognised by our inclusion in the Hang Seng Index in 
Our operations remain focused entirely on Asia Pacific, with very limited direct exposure to the continuing uncertainties over the Eurozone. While the performance of the Asian economies in which we operate cannot be wholly detached from prospects in their main export markets, we are also advantaged in that our core distribution through proprietary agents has been historically resilient in periods of economic downturn.
Equally, it is important to recognise that in all our markets we have considerable headroom for expansion and growth, both from new and existing customers. Taking into account all of these factors, we view our prospects for ?01? and beyond 
Many commentators have in recent months focused on the short-term prospects for China. The key question is, whether China will have a soft landing, recognising that its growth in recent years has been heavily dependent on manufacturing exports together with concerns over the rate of inflation and the emergence of a property bubble . While I acknowledge the economic management challenges facing the Chinese Government, it is important to recognise that the authorities are able to make the necessary adjustments from a very strong position and with many policy options available. This will be in the long-term interests of both the country and AIA, to the extent that this causes the Chinese economy to rebalance away from growth in exports towards the development of domestic consumer demand.
I shall conclude by expressing my thanks, on behalf of the Board and shareholders, to our Group Chief Executive and President Mark Tucker and to all in AIA who have worked with him over the past 1? months and achieved so much to secure the Group s present and future prosperity.
Edmund Sze Wing Tse 
