CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT
It gives me great pleasure to report that
2016 was another year of excellent progress
and growth for AIA.
Global politics, economics and capital markets all took
unexpected turns in 2016. Throughout this uncertainty,
AIA has remained focused on maintaining our established
track record of successfully executing our growth strategy
to create sustainable value for our shareholders. This has
been demonstrated once again by the exceptional results
delivered in 2016 across all of our financial metrics.
AIA has been in Asia for close to a century and strives
to play a leadership role in supporting economic and social
development across the region. We are here to serve our
customers by meeting their ever-changing needs for
financial security with our products and services and by
focusing on helping people live longer, healthier, better
lives. This enables us to continue to deliver consistent and
sustainable results through the many market cycles we
have faced over our long history. I would like to thank our
customers and our shareholders for their continuing
confidence, support and trust in AIA.
The Board of Directors has recommended a step up in
the final dividend of 25 per cent to 63.75 Hong Kong cents
per share, subject to shareholders' approval at the
Company's forthcoming AGM. This brings the total
dividend for 2016 to 85.65 Hong Kong cents per share,
an increase of 23 per cent compared with 2015. The
Board's decision to recommend a further uplift from the
new higher base established last year reflects the strength
of our results and our confidence in AIA's future prospects.
The Board intends to follow AIA's prudent, sustainable
and progressive dividend policy from this higher base
allowing for future growth opportunities and the financial
flexibility of the Group. It is one of the many positive
aspects of AIA's franchise that we are able to finance
significant profitable growth while ensuring that our
shareholders benefit directly from the Group's success
through our dividend policy.
An important focus of the Board is to ensure that
AIA continues to meet the highest international
standards of corporate governance. We believe that
strong governance is fundamental to our sustainable
growth and to maintaining confidence in our organisation
from all our stakeholders. Equally important is a sound
risk management framework that ensures the prudent
and efficient running of the organisation while, at the
same time, meeting the highest regulatory expectations
and standards.
Effective financial management and leveraging our
financial strength have ensured our very strong capital
position. As at 30 November 2016, the solvency ratio
for our principal regulated operating company AIA Co.
remained strong at 404 per cent and the Group's
free surplus above required regulatory capital was
US$9.8 billion.
My previous re-appointment as Non-executive Chairman
was for two years from January 2015. The Board has
invited me to remain as Chairman and I am very pleased
to accept.
AIA is exceptionally well positioned to benefit from
the demographic, social and economic progress across
Asia. The Board is keenly aware that converting these
opportunities into the excellent results we have achieved
since our IPO requires well-grounded strategies, high levels
of technical expertise and focused implementation. I would
li ke to convey the Board's deep appreciation for the
dedication and commitment of the Group's employees,
agents and partners without which our sustainable
success would not be possible.
Special thanks are due, as in past years, to our Group
Chief Executive and President Mark Tucker and his team
for the excellent leadership they provide in achieving
these outstanding results.
Edmund Sze-Wing Tse
Non-executive Chairman
24 February 2017