CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to report that in 2014, AIA has once again 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT We have maintained the positive momentum and track record built up since we became an independent company in October 2010 with each of our main financial performance metrics exceeding, by a substantial margin, the record results we achieved in 2013.
Value of new business (VONB) is our main measure of profitable growth and we achieved a 24 per cent increase to US$1,845 million, compared with 2013.
IFRS operating profit after tax (OPAT) also grew by 16 per cent to US$2,910 million.
AIA has delivered large-scale growth, while maintaining our disciplined financial management and strong capital position. The solvency ratio for our principal regulated operating company AIA Co. as at 30 November 2014 stood at 427 per cent and our free surplus increased by 16 per cent to 
The Board has recommended a final dividend of 34.00 Hong Kong cents per share subject to shareholders approval, which represents an increase of 19 per cent compared with the final dividend for 2013.
This brings the total dividend for 2014 to 50.00 Hong Kong cents per share, demonstrating AIA s ability to finance profitable new business growth opportunities at attractive rates of return for shareholders and deliver prudent, sustainable and progressive shareholder dividends.
Since AIA became a listed company, I am honoured to have worked alongside our committed Board members to establish our highest standards of corporate governance.
Such governance is in addition to the stringent regulatory controls and internal risk management discipline that govern the conduct of our operations and our relationships with our customers.
During the year, we continued to make every effort to ensure that we maintain the high standards appropriate to our business, including regular external reviews of our risk management principles and practices. My reappointment as Non-executive Chairman was for two years from 1 January 2013.
The Board has invited me to remain as Chairman for another two years and I am very pleased to accept.
We are indebted to AIA s employees, agents and partners for their commitment and contribution to making AIA the leading life insurance franchise in the Asia- Pacific region. Special thanks are due to your Group Chief Executive and President Mark Tucker and his team for the leadership they provide in delivering these outstanding results. Mark s contribution to the wider success of Hong Kong has been recognised by him being named as Business Person of the Year 2014 in the DHL SCMP Hong Kong Business Awards.
I speak for the entire Board in conveying my deepest appreciation to all of our customers and shareholders for their continued trust in and support for AIA. AIA is focused on building shareholder value, and we are also focused on building shared values: making a difference to the real lives of our customers and their communities through our products and services.
Our customers are at the heart of what we do and our success is built on sustainable relationships and sustainable business practices.
As our 2014 results show, it is this commitment that benefits all of our 
Edmund Sze-Wing Tse 
