CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT It gives me great pleasure to report that 2015 was another very successful year for AIA.
The Group has delivered an excellent performance against a global backdrop of volatile capital and currency markets. Our main operating financial metrics exceeded the record results delivered in 2014 by a substantial margin and we have maintained an outstanding track record of strong year-on-year growth over the five years since becoming an independent publicly listed company 
Value of new business (VONB) growth was 26 per cent on constant exchange rates to US$2,198 million and IFRS operating profit after tax (OPAT) grew by 16 per cent to US$3,209 million compared with 2014. We believe that showing growth using constant exchange rates provides the clearest picture of the underlying performance of our businesses across the Asia-Pacific region during periods of exchange rate volatility.
AIA has succeeded in delivering this consistent growth while maintaining disciplined financial management and a very strong capital position. The solvency ratio for our principal regulated operating company AIA Co. remained stable at 428 per cent and the Group s free surplus above required regulatory capital stood at US$7.5 billion as at 30 November 2015.
The Board has recommended an upward rebasing of the final dividend by 50 per cent to 51.00 Hong Kong cents per share subject to shareholders approval. This brings the total dividend for 2015 to 69.72 Hong Kong cents per share. This substantial increase demonstrates once again AIA s ability to finance new business growth at attractive rates of return, the health of the business and the Board s confidence in AIA s outstanding prospects in the region. The Board intends to maintain AIA s established prudent, sustainable and progressive dividend policy from this higher base.
Over the five years since AIA became a listed company, it has been my pleasure and privilege to work as a member of a Board that is committed to maintaining the highest international standards of corporate governance. The Board retains overall responsibility for oversight of the Group s risk management activities, which are fundamental to AIA s sustainable development and to maintaining investor, customer and regulatory confidence in our organisation.
AIA s focus continues to be on embedding a risk management culture throughout our organisation and ensuring that our risk framework evolves in the face of a changing business and regulatory environment. Regular external reviews of our risk management principles and practices are an important part of 
I speak for the entire Board in conveying my deepest appreciation to all of our customers and shareholders for their continued trust in and support for AIA. We are focused at all times on building shareholder value, and importantly by doing so through the quality of our products and services to our customers. We are confident that our operations make a material difference to the security and prosperity of our customers and their communities.
I should also like once again, on behalf of the Board, to pass on our deepest thanks to AIA s employees, agents and partners for their dedication and commitment. Special thanks are due to your Group Chief Executive and President Mark Tucker and his team for the leadership they provide in delivering these 
Edmund Sze-Wing Tse 
