Chairman’s Statement
SITC will continue to optimize its
unique business model, expand
its intra-Asia service network,
work for the objective of becoming
the first choice of customers,
provide its customers with quality
services through construction of
comprehensive logistics facilities
and tailor-made logistics solutions,
and bring itself closer to the goal of
becoming a world-class integrated
logistics service provider.
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of SITC
International Holdings Company Limited (“SITC” or the “Company”,
together with its subsidiaries referred to as the “Group”), I hereby
present to you the Group’s annual results for the year ended 31
December 2013.
The market environment of the global shipping sector remained
sluggish in the year 2013. As demand in the global shipping market
slowed down and excess shipping capacity resulted in increased
competition and declining freight rates. Shipping companies
generally operated in challenging conditions.
In line with the increasing spending power and the infrastructure
investment and the urbanization development in Asia as well as the
relocation of more production bases to Southeast Asian countries,
including Vietnam, Cambodia and Myanmar, merchandise trade
between this region and other parts of Asia also kept increasing.
Consequently, the overall intra-Asia container shipping volume
experienced continuous growth in 2013 on a year-on-year basis and
remained the world’s largest container shipping market.
SITC is a leading shipping logistics company dedicated to serving the
intra-Asia trade market. The Group leverages on the comprehensive
coverage of its shipping and logistics supply chain, unique business
model, high quality customer base and its high-density, highfrequency
container shipping route and logistics network covering
major ports in Asia to derive full benefits of the growth in the trade
and economies of China and other Asian countries. Despite the
declining shipping rate as a result of the intense competition in the
sea freight market and high fuel costs, the Group still performed well
during the year under review, with turnover reaching approximately
US$1,267.3 million, representing an increase of approximately
4.5% as compared with 2012. Gross profit reached approximately
US$143 million, representing an increase of approximately 0.8%
as compared with 2012. Profit before income tax amounted to
approximately US$115.4 million, representing an increase of
approximately 42.8% from 2012. Profit attributable to owners of the
parent amounted to approximately US$112.4 million and earnings
per share was approximately US$4.35 cents. For the year ended 31
December 2013, the Board resolved to recommend the payment of
a final dividend of HK$0.15 per share.
Over the past years, SITC continued to record significant increase
in container shipping volume and outperform many of our peers
by actively capitalizing on the intra-Asia economic development.
The total container shipping volume for the year increased by
approximately 11.7% to 1,981,576 TEU, with average freight rate
of US$486/TEU, down 9.8% year on year. The Group’s land-based
freight forwarding business achieved total volume of 1,530,471 TEU,
up 9.8% year on year. SITC maintained stable growth in intra-Asia
shipping market share in 2013.
The Group leveraged on its strong operating cash flow to expand
its operations amidst the unfavorable industrial trend, and pursued
development opportunities at low costs. SITC has actively pursued
expansion of its fleet. In 2013, a total of 1 new vessels and 4 secondhand
vessel were delivered. Our total fleet capacity at the end of
2013 reached 63,814 TEU. The Group considers that the new vessel
orders placed at a time of low vessel price helps the Group expand
its self-owned fleet and secure a long-term cost advantage for SITC.
As at 31 December 2013, the Group had 32 self-owned container
vessels and 29 chartered container vessels. Meanwhile, the Group
owned 5 dry bulk vessels with a gross tonnage of 362,107 DWT.
In respect of the sea freight logistics business, the Group continued
to extend its intra-Asia shipping routes by adding 3 ports of call,
namely Weihai in China, Mizushima and Takamatsu in Japan, to
expand the coverage of its network. As of 31 December 2013, the
Group operated 47 trade lanes, including 7 trade lanes through
joint services and 15 trade lanes through container slot exchange
arrangements.
In respect of the land-based logistics business, the Group added
8 on-land marketing centers, ie Hanoi in vietnam, Yiwu, Kunshan,
Beijing, Nanning, Weihai in China, Jakarta in Indonesia, Sihanoukville
in Cambodia during the year. The Group also actively developed the
land-based third party logistics businesses and operated (including
through joint ventures) approximately 640,000 m2 of depot and
92,000 m2 of warehousing space.
While the global shipping industry is expected to face various
difficulties and challenges in 2014, the Group’s management
remains confident about the business environment in intra-Asia
container shipping and logistics market in the year of 2014. As its
business expands, SITC will continue to optimize its unique business
model, expand its intra-Asia service network, work for the objective
of becoming the first choice of customers, provide its customers
with quality services through construction of comprehensive logistics
facilities and tailor-made logistics solutions, and bring itself closer
to the goal of becoming a world-class integrated logistics service
provider.
Finally, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our
shareholders for their concern and support to the Group. I would
like to express my appreciation to all directors of the Company
(“Directors”), members of senior management and staff of the
Group for their hard work during the past year. I believe that SITC
is progressing towards its goal of becoming a world-class shipping
logistics enterprise and will deliver more outstanding results in the
future.
YANG Shaopeng
Chairman
11 March 2014