Chairman’s Statement
We will continue to optimize our unique
business model, expand its intra-Asia
service network, work for the objective
of becoming the first choice of
customers, provide its customers with
quality services through construction
of comprehensive logistics facilities
and tailor-made logistics solutions,
and bring itself closer to the goal of
becoming a world-class integrated
logistics service provider.
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of SITC International Holdings Company
Limited (“SITC” or the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries
referred to as the “Group”), I hereby present to you the Group’s
annual results for the year ended 31 December 2012.
The market environment of the global shipping sector remained
sluggish in the year 2012. Affected by the slow recovery of the
United States economy and the sovereign debt crisis in Europe,
demand in the global shipping market slowed down. Furthermore,
excess shipping capacity resulted in increased competition and
declining freight rates. Fuel costs surged, and shipping companies
generally operated in challenging conditions.
In contrast to the economies of the United States and Europe, China
experienced a 7.8% growth in its gross domestic product in 2012,
and remained the world’s second largest economy. In line with the
increasing spending power and the infrastructure investment and the
urbanization development in Asia as well as the relocation of more
production bases to Southeast Asian countries, including Vietnam,
Cambodia and Burma, merchandise trade between this region and
other parts of Asia also kept increasing. Consequently, the overall
intra-Asia container shipping volume experienced continuous growth
in 2012 on a year-on-year basis and remained the world’s largest
container shipping market.
SITC is a leading shipping logistics company dedicated to serving the
intra-Asia trade market. The Group leverages on the comprehensive
coverage of its shipping and logistics supply chain, unique business
model, high quality customer base and its high-density, highfrequency
container shipping route and logistics network covering
major ports in Asia to derive full benefits of the growth in the trade
and economies of China and other Asian countries. Despite the
declining shipping rate as a result of the intense competition in the
sea freight market and high fuel costs, the Group still performed well
during the year under review, with turnover reaching approximately
US$1,204.6 million, representing an increase of 13.6% as compared
with 2011. Gross profit reached approximately US$138.4 million,
representing an increase of 20.6% as compared with 2011. Profit
before income tax amounted to approximately US$96.1 million,
representing a slight decrease of 0.3% from 2011. Profit attributable
to owners of the parent amounted to approximately US$93.5 million,
and earnings per share was approximately US$3.61 cents. For the
year ended 31 December 2012, the Board resolved to recommend
the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.12 per share.
Over the past years, SITC continued to record significant increase
in container shipping volume and outperform many of our peers by
actively capitalizing on the intra-Asia economic development. The
total container shipping volume for the year increased by 14.7% to
1,774,054 TEU, with average freight rate of US$539/TEU, down 0.7%
year on year. The Group’s land-based freight forwarding business
achieved total volume of 1,394,358 TEU, up 8.0% year on year.
SITC maintained stable growth in intra-Asia shipping market share in
2012.
The Group leveraged on its strong operating cash flow to expand
its operations amidst the unfavorable industrial trend, and pursued
development opportunities at low costs. SITC has actively pursued
expansion of its fleet. In 2012, a total of 12 new vessels and 1
second-hand vessel were delivered. Our total fleet capacity at the
end of 2012 reached 61,303 TEU, increasing by 21.7% year on year.
The Group considers that the new vessel orders placed at a time of
low vessel price helps the Group expand our self-owned fleet and
secure a long-term cost advantage for SITC. As at 31 December
2012, the Group had 27 self-owned vessels and 33 chartered
vessels. The Group plans to expand its total operating fleet from 60
vessels to about 80 vessels in the next three to five years.
In respect of the sea freight logistics business, the Group made
52 shipping route optimizations during the year in an attempt to
cope with the complex and intense competition in the intra-Asia
market through more frequent port calls and more reasonable
scheduling. In the meantime, the Group continued to extend its
intra-Asia shipping routes by adding 7 ports of call, namely Nansha
and Shantou in China, Daesan and Gyeongin in South Korea,
Kawasaki and Hitachinaka in Japan and Djakarta in Indonesia, to
expand the coverage of its network. As of 31 December 2012, the
Group operated 52 trade lanes, including four trade lanes through
joint services and 19 trade lanes through container slot exchange
arrangements.
In respect of the land-based logistics business, the Group added
7 on-land marketing centers in Singapore and Wuhan, Chongqing,
Quanzhou, Hangzhou, Weifang and Rizhao of the PRC during the
year. The Group also actively developed the land-based third party
logistics businesses and operated (including through joint ventures)
approximately 676,000 m2 of depot and 76,000 m2 of warehousing
space.
While the global shipping industry is expected to face various
difficulties and challenges in 2013, the Group’s management
remains confident about the business environment in intra-Asia
container shipping and logistics market in the year of 2013. As its
business expands, SITC will continue to optimize its unique business
model, expand its intra-Asia service network, work for the objective
of becoming the first choice of customers, provide its customers
with quality services through construction of comprehensive logistics
facilities and tailor-made logistics solutions, and bring itself closer
to the goal of becoming a world-class integrated logistics service
provider.
Finally, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our
shareholders for their concern and support to the Group. I would
like to express my appreciation to all directors of the Company
(“Directors”), members of senior management and staff of the
Group for their hard work during the past year. I believe that SITC
is progressing towards its goal of becoming a world-class shipping
logistics enterprise and will deliver more outstanding results in the
future.
YANG Shaopeng
Chairman
11 March 2013