Chairman’s Statement
SITC will continue to optimize its
unique business model, expand
its intra-Asia service network,
work for the objective of becoming
the first choice of customers,
provide its customers with quality
services through construction of
comprehensive logistics facilities
and tailor-made logistics solutions,
and bring itself closer to the goal of
becoming a world-class integrated
logistics service provider.
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of SITC
International Holdings Company Limited (“SITC” or the “Company”,
together with its subsidiaries referred to as the “Group”), I hereby
present to you the Group’s annual results for the year ended 31
December 2016.
During the year ended 31 December 2016, despite signs of
bottoming up in the global economy and trade environment,
the growth of the global container logistics slowed down while
excess shipping capacity resulted in increased competition and
declining freight rates. The whole industry generally operated under
challenging conditions.
In line with the development in economy and trading and the
increasing spending power in Asia as well as the relocation of more
production bases within the region, consequently, merchandise trade
within this region also kept increasing. Beneficial from the above
factors, the overall intra-Asia container shipping volume experienced
continuous growth in 2016 on a year-on-year basis and remained
the world’s largest container shipping market. Consequently, the
overall intra-Asia container shipping volume experienced continuous
growth in 2016 on a year-on-year basis and remained the world’s
largest container shipping market.
SITC is a leading shipping logistics company dedicated to
serving the intra-Asia trade market. The Group leverages on the
comprehensive coverage of its shipping and logistics supply chain,
unique business model, high quality customer base and its highdensity,
highfrequency container shipping route and logistics network
covering major ports in Asia to derive full benefits of the growth in the
trade and economies of China and other Asian countries. Despite
the declining shipping rate as a result of the intense competition in
the sea freight market as well as significant volatile in currency rate
fuel costs, the Group’s operation still performed well during the year
under review, with turnover reaching approximately US$1,215.8
million, representing an decrease of approximately 5.6% as
compared with 2015. Meanwhile gross profit reached approximately
US$199.5 million, representing an increase of approximately 7.5%
as compared with 2015. Profit before income tax amounted to
approximately US$130.7 million, representing an decrease of
approximately 14.0% from 2015. Profit attributable to owners of the
parent amounted to approximately US$122.8 million and earnings
per share was approximately US$4.70 cents. For the year ended 31
December 2016, the Board resolved to recommend the payment of
a final dividend of HK$16 cents per share.
Over the past years, SITC continued to record significant increase
in container shipping volume and outperform many of our peers
by actively capitalizing on the intra-Asia economic development.
The total container shipping volume for the year increased by
approximately 7.9% to 2,333,439 TEU, with average freight rate
of US$388.3/TEU (excluding slot exchange fee rate), down 6.5%
year on year. The Group’s land-based freight forwarding business
achieved total volume of 1,755,225 TEU, up 8.5% year on year.
SITC maintained stable growth in intra-Asia shipping market share in
2016.
The Group leveraged on its strong operating cash flow to expand
its operations amidst the unfavorable industrial trend, and pursued
development opportunities at low costs. SITC has actively pursued
expansion of its fleet. In 2016, a total of 2 new vessels and 2
secondhand vessels were delivered. Our total fleet capacity at the
end of 2016 reached 99,986 TEU. The Group considers that the new
vessel orders placed at a time of low vessel price help the Group
expand its self-owned fleet and secure a long-term cost advantage
for SITC. As at 31 December 2016, the Group had 48 self-owned
container vessels and 30 chartered container vessels. Meanwhile,
the Group owned 6 dry bulk vessels with a gross tonnage of
438,593 DWT.
In respect of the sea freight logistics business, the Group continued
to implement various extension and upgrade to certain container
shipping route services networks. We have added new self-operated
direct freight services to the Philippines to realize full coverage of all
the key ports in the Philippines; additional direct freight services to
Ho Chi Minh and Indonesia with pioneer service at Samarang, while
further improving the trade lane network of Indonesia by optimizing
import and export services for Makasar. As of 31 December 2016,
the Group operated 62 trade lanes, including 10 trade lanes through
joint services and 24 trade lanes through container slot exchange
arrangements.
In respect of the land-based logistics business, the Group actively
developed the land-based third party logistics businesses and
operated (including through joint ventures) approximately 1,000,000
m2 of depot and 100,000 m2 of warehousing space. In 2016,
the Group and its partners set up a new company, Ningbo Free
Trade Zone Xingao Logistics Co., Ltd (寧 波 保 稅 區 新 高 物 流
有限公司). The company is located in the Ningbo Free Trade Zone,
adjacent to China’s largest deep-water port - Ningbo Beilun Port,
covering an area of over 40,000 square meters. It is equipped
with the world’s advanced equipment and powerful information
support system, providing customers with high quality and efficient
container maintenance and stockpiling management services. In
addition, SAAS Logistics Holdings Limited (海豐空運物流控股
有限公司) started operation in 2016.The company will provide air
transportation logistics services in Asia, including freight space
wholesale for airlines, logistics services required for e-commerce and
air transportation warehousing. It has set up branches in the main
hubs for air travel in Mainland China and Hong Kong.
While the global shipping industry is expected to face various
difficulties and challenges in 2017, the Group’s management remains
confident about the business environment in intra-Asia logistics
market in the year of 2017. As its business expands, SITC will
continue to optimize its unique business model, expand its intra-Asia
service network, work for the objective of becoming the first choice
of customers, provide its customers with quality services through
construction of comprehensive logistics facilities and tailor-made
logistics solutions, and bring itself closer to the goal of becoming a
world-class integrated logistics service provider.
Finally, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our
shareholders for their concern and support to the Group. I would
like to express my appreciation to all directors of the Company
(“Directors”), members of senior management and staff of the
Group for their hard work during the past year. I believe that SITC
is progressing towards its goal of becoming a world-class shipping
logistics enterprise and will deliver more outstanding results in the
future.
YANG Shaopeng
Chairman
24 March 2017