Chairman’s Statement
We will continue to improve our
unique business model, expand our
intra-Asia service network and
replicate our integrated service
model within our network to bring
ourselves closer to the goal of
becoming a world-class integrated
logistics service provider.
Dear shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of SITC International Holdings Company
Limited (“SITC” or the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries
referred to as the “Group”), I hereby present to you the Group’s
annual audited results for the year ended 31 December 2011.
Following the brief recovery in 2010, the global shipping sector
entered into a downturn again in the year 2011. Affected by the slow
recovery of the United States economy and the worsening sovereign
debt crisis in Europe, demand in the global shipping market slowed
down. Furthermore, excess shipping capacity resulted in increased
competition and declining freight rates. Fuel costs surged, and
shipping companies in general suffered operating losses.
In contrast to the slow economic recovery in the United States and
Europe, China experienced a 9.2% growth in its gross domestic
product in 2011, and remained the world’s second largest economy.
Economies in Southeast Asian countries, including Thailand and
Vietnam, grew at varying paces during the year. Consequently, the
intra-Asia container shipping market experienced moderate growth
in 2011 and remained the world’s largest container shipping market.
The signing of the China – ASEAN Free Trade Agreement in 2010
has stimulated trade growth between China and ASEAN countries
and has driven the rapid development of the shipping and logistics
industry in Asia during the year under review.
SITC is a leading PRC-based shipping logistics company focused on
serving the intra-Asia trade market. The Group leverages on its onestop
shipping logistics solutions platform, unique business model,
high quality customers and high frequency intra-Asia container
shipping and logistics route network to derive full benefits of the
growth in the trade and economies of China and other Asian
countries.
The Group performed well during the year under review, with
turnover reaching approximately US$1,087.2 million, representing an
increase of 22% from 2010. Profit before tax amounted to
approximately US$98.2 million, representing a decrease of US$16.8
million from 2010. Profit attributable to owners of the parent
amounted to approximately US$93.6 million, and earnings per share
was approximately US$3.6 cents in 2011. The Board resolved to
recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.12 per share.
For the year of 2011, we continued to outperform many of our peers
and achieved total shipping volume of 1,546,259 TEU, up 12.6%
from last year, with average freight rate of US$543/TEU, up 7.3%
year on year. The Group’s land-based freight forwarding business
achieved volume of 1,341,359 TEU, up 40.6% year on year. SITC
has been achieving significant growth in its container shipping
volume over the years and maintained growth in intra-Asia market
share in 2011.
The year of 2011 was an exceptional year in the history of our
development. Faced with the industry downturn, the Company
leveraged on the proceeds raised from its initial public offering and
strong operating cash flow amidst the difficult business environment,
and pursued development opportunities and expansion at low costs.
The Group has actively pursued expansion of its fleet. Since the
listing of the Company, a total of 13 container vessels have been
commissioned and two second-hand container vessels have been
acquired. Our fleet capacity increased from 44,440 TEU at the end
of 2010 to 50,360 TEU at the end of 2011. Our new vessels were
purchased at attractive prices, expanding the scale of our selfowned
fleet to secure a long-term cost advantage. The Group
targets to increase its total operating fleet from 53 as at 31
December 2011 to about 80 vessels in the next three to five years.
In our land-based logistics segment, SITC set up 14 new shipping
agency and freight forwarding outlets at cities in Weifang, Nantong,
Hangzhou, Yiwu, Fangcheng, Linyi, Kunming, Zhapu, Chongqing,
Guangzhou, Ningbo, Lianyungang in the PRC, Haiphong and Ho Chi
Minh in Vietnam during 2011. This further boosted our ability to
provide integrated logistics services to our customers. Moreover,
Qingdao Qianwan United Advance Container Terminal Co., Limited,
a joint venture of the Group engaged in container terminal business
at Qingdao commenced operation in June 2011. SITC-DINH VU
Logistics Limited, a joint venture engaged in depot business in
Vietnam, which formally commenced operation in March, inter into a
purchase contract for a parcel of land of 50,000 square meters in
December 2011, for the expansion work in Phase 2 of the depot,
laying a foundation for the further expansion of our depot and
warehousing business.
The global shipping industry is expected to face a lot of difficulties
and challenges in the year of 2012. The Group’s management
remains confident about the business environment in intra-Asia
container shipping and logistics in the year of 2012. As its business
expands, SITC will continue to optimize its unique business model,
expand its intra-Asia service network and replicate its integrated
service model within its network to bring itself closer to the goal of
becoming a world-class integrated logistics service provider.
Finally, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our
shareholders for their concern and support to the Group. I would like
to express my appreciation to all directors (“Directors”), members of
senior management and staff of the Group for their hard work during
the past year. I believe that SITC is progressing towards its goal of
becoming a world class shipping logistics enterprise and will deliver
more outstanding results in the future.
YANG Shaopeng
Chairman
14 March 2012