Chairman’s Statement
SITC will continue to optimize its
unique business model, expand
its intra-Asia service network,
work for the objective of becoming
the first choice of customers,
provide its customers with quality
services through construction of
comprehensive logistics facilities
and tailor-made logistics solutions,
and bring itself closer to the goal of
becoming a world-class integrated
logistics service provider.
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of SITC
International Holdings Company Limited (“SITC” or the “Company”,
together with its subsidiaries referred to as the “Group”), I hereby
present to you the Group’s annual results for the year ended 31
December 2014.
The market environment of the global shipping sector remained
sluggish in the year 2014. As demand in the global shipping market
slowed down and excess shipping capacity resulted in increased
competition and declining freight rates. Shipping companies
generally operated in challenging conditions.
In line with the increasing spending power and the infrastructure
investment and urbanization development in Asia as well as the
relocation of more production bases to Southeast Asian countries,
including Vietnam, Cambodia and Myanmar, merchandise trade
between this region and other parts of Asia also kept increasing.
Consequently, the overall intra-Asia container shipping volume
experienced continuous growth in 2014 on a year-on-year basis and
remained the world’s largest container shipping market.
SITC is a leading shipping logistics company dedicated to serving the
intra-Asia trade market. The Group leverages on the comprehensive
coverage of its shipping and logistics supply chain, unique business
model, high quality customer base and its high-density, high
frequency container shipping route and logistics network covering
major ports in Asia to derive full benefits of the growth in the trade
and economies of China and other Asian countries. Despite the
declining shipping rate as a result of the intense competition in the
sea freight market and high fuel costs, the Group still performed well
during the year under review, with turnover reaching approximately
US$1,377 million, representing an increase of approximately 8.7%
as compared with 2013. Gross profit reached approximately
US$166.1 million, representing an increase of approximately
16.2% as compared with 2013. Profit before income tax amounted
to approximately US$125.2 million, representing an increase of
approximately 8.6% from 2013. Profit attributable to shareholders
of the Company amounted to approximately US$120.7 million and
earnings per share was approximately US$4.67 cents. For the year
ended 31 December 2014, the Board resolved to recommend the
payment of a final dividend of HK$0.12 per share.
Over the past years, SITC continued to record significant increase
in container shipping volume and outperform many of our peers
by actively capitalizing on the intra-Asia economic development.
The total container shipping volume for the year increased by
approximately 4.8% to 2,077,335 TEU, with average freight rate
of US$500/TEU, up 2.9% year on year. The Group’s land-based
freight forwarding business achieved total volume of 1,593,001 TEU,
up 4.1% year-on-year. SITC maintained stable growth in intra-Asia
shipping market share in 2014.
The Group leveraged on its strong operating cash flow to expand
its operations amidst the unfavorable industrial trend, and pursued
development opportunities at low costs. SITC has actively pursued
expansion of its fleet. In 2014, a total of 2 new vessels and 1 bulk
cargo vessel were delivered, as a result our total fleet capacity at the
end of 2014 reached 78,478 TEU. The Group considers that the new
vessel orders placed at a time of low vessel price helps the Group
expand its self-owned fleet and secure a long-term cost advantage
for SITC. As at 31 December 2014, the Group had 32 self-owned
container vessels and 35 chartered container vessels. Meanwhile,
the Group owned 6 dry bulk vessels with a gross tonnage of
438,596 DWT.
In respect of the sea freight logistics business, the Group continued
to implement various extension and upgrade to certain container
shipping route services networks of the Group in October 2014. The
extension and upgrade include: (a) extending its services network
from Jakarta to Laem Chabang and Haiphong, it is the first container 
lines company that introduces direct services from Jakarta to
Haiphong; (b) extending its services network from Laem Chabang
to Haiphong and upgrading its direct service from weekly to twice
a week; (c) adding its container shipping route services network to
Qinzhou Port as the first container shipping route in Southeast Asia
area, extending its export services from Qinzhou Port to Haiphong,
Incheon, Pyeongtaek as well as expanding its import services from
Jakarta, Laem Chabang, Ho Chi Minh to Qinzhou Port. Upon the
extension, this shipping route will become the first container shipping
trade lane for Qinzhou Port; and (d) upgrading its direct express
service in the Incheon-to-Pyeongtaek route from weekly to twice a
week. As of 31 December 2014, the Group operated 59 trade lanes,
including 12 trade lanes through joint services and 20 trade lanes
through container slot exchange arrangements.
In respect of the land-based logistics business, the Group entered
into a joint venture agreement during the year 2014 and established
a joint venture in Thailand with a partnership based in Thailand to
further expand its footprints in Thailand by promoting and developing
logistics park services through the joint venture. The Group has also
acquired 60% equity interest in Tianjin Xin Hua Xi Logistics Co., Ltd.
and 60% equity interest in Qingdao Smartcargo Logistics Co., Ltd.,
to expand the depot and warehouse operating area. The Group also
actively developed the land-based third party logistics businesses
and operated (including through joint ventures) approximately
900,000 m2
 of depot and 100,000 m2
 of warehousing space.
While the global shipping industry is expected to face various
difficulties and challenges in 2015, the Group’s management
remains confident about the business environment in intra-Asia
container shipping and logistics market in the year of 2015. As its
business expands, SITC will continue to optimize its unique business
model, expand its intra-Asia service network, work for the objective
of becoming the first choice of customers, provide its customers
with quality services through construction of comprehensive logistics
facilities and tailor-made logistics solutions, and bring itself closer
to the goal of becoming a world-class integrated logistics service
provider.
Finally, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our
shareholders for their concern and support to the Group. I would
like to express my appreciation to all directors of the Company
(“Directors”), members of senior management and staff of the
Group for their hard work during the past year. I believe that SITC
is progressing towards its goal of becoming a world-class shipping
logistics enterprise and will deliver more outstanding results in the
future.
YANG Shaopeng
Chairman
9 March 2015