Chairman’s Statement
We will continue to optimize our
unique business model, expand our
intra-Asia service network and
replicate our integrated service
model within our network to bring
ourselves closer to the goal of
becoming a world-class integrated
logistics service provider.
Dear honourable shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of SITC International Holdings Company Limited
(“SITC” or the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries referred to as
the “Group”), I hereby present to you the Group’s annual results for the
year ended 31 December 2010.
The global shipping sector was on its way back to a normal trail in 2010
after having hit a bottom in 2009. The market for long-haul routes such as
Far East – Europe and Transpacific exhibited signs of revival, in line with
the slow recoveries of economies in the United States and Europe.
Benefitted from the buoyant development of Asian economies, the intraAsia
shipping market regained its strong development momentum.
China experienced a 10.3% growth in its gross domestic product in
2010, and has surpassed Japan as the world’s second largest economy.
Economies in Southeast Asian countries including Thailand and Vietnam
grew at varying paces during the year. Capitalizing on these, the intraAsia
container shipping market experienced a remarkable growth in 2010,
securing its position as the world’s largest container shipping market. It
can be foreseen that signing of the China – ASEAN Free Trade Agreement
in 2010 will stimulate intra-Asia trade growth between China and the
ASEAN countries and drive the rapid development of shipping and
logistics industry in Asia, especially the China – Southeast Asian routes.
SITC is a leading PRC-based shipping logistics enterprise focusing on
serving the intra-Asia trade market. The Group leverages its
comprehensive transportation and logistics supply chain, unique
business model, high quality clientele and high-frequently intra-Asia
container shipping route network to derive full benefits from growth in
trade and economies of China and other Asian countries.
The Group achieved notable performance during the year under review,
with its turnover reaching approximately US$891.5 million, representing
an increase of 28.4% from 2009. Profit before income tax amounted
to approximately US$115 million, representing an increase of US$81.1
million from 2009. Profit attributable to owners of the parent company
in 2010 amounted to approximately US$112.0 million, and carrying
earnings per share were approximately US$4.3 cents. The Board
resolved to recommend the payment for a final dividend of HK$0.12
per share.
SITC continued to outperform the industry for the whole year of 2010,
achieving a total shipping volume of 1,373,220 TEU, up 15.7% from
last year, at freight rate averaged US$506/TEU, up 12.4% year on year.
The Group’s land-based freight forwarding business processed 954,322
TEU in total volume, up 76.4% year on year. SITC has been achieving
significant growth in its container shipping volume over the years and
secured a 5.1% share in the Asia shipping market in 2010.
2010 was a momentous year in SITC’s corporate history. The Company
was successfully listed on the Stock Exchange on 6 October 2010.
This successful tapping of funding sources from the international capital
market provided strong support to the Group’s efforts in expanding
the scale and optimizing the structure of its fleet and strengthening
and broadening its service network in the intra-Asia market to meet
growing market demand.
Since the listing of the Company’s shares on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange on 6 October 2010 (the “Listing”), the Group had been
actively pursuing expansion of its fleet and as at 31 December 2010
had commissioned to construct a total of 9 container vessels. Together
with the other 4 container shipping vessels that the Group had signed
earlier options to construct, will aggregate the total number of container
ships commissioned to be constructed to 13. From January 2011 to
March 2011, the Group had commissioned to construct 2 new container
vessels and purchased 1 second-hand container vessel. These orders
were made to capitalize on the attractive new build prices. The
acquisitions helped to expand the Group’s self-owned fleet, a move which
would allow us to secure a competitive cost position and increase the
Group’s profitability by riding on the shipping industry upturn. The Group
targets to increase the total number of operating vessels in its fleet to 80
in the next three to five years from 49 as at 31 December 2010.
Additionally, as part of its efforts to replicate the logistics park business
model within its intra-Asia network, SITC signed an agreement with a
partner in Vietnam in late October, 2010 to build and operate logistics
park facilities in Dinh Vu Port, Hai Phong city in northern Vietnam. The first
phase of the Dinh Vu Port logistics park project will occupy a depot of
30,000 sq.m. Situated next to the port, this logistics park will enhance
SITC’s operation objective by significantly reducing the costs and
increasing efficiency.
The Group signed another agreement with Qingdao Economic and
Technological Development Zone Management Committee in December
2010, seeking to develop and construct phase two of its logistics park
within Qianwan Port, Qingdao. This will be complementary to the existing
operation of the 500,000 sq. m. logistics park phase one.
The Group’s management is very confident about the business
environment of intra-Asia container logistics in 2011. As its business
expands, SITC will continue to optimize its unique business model,
expand its intra-Asia service network and replicate its integrated service
model within its network to bring itself closer to the goal of becoming a
world-class integrated logistics service provider.
Finally, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders
for their concern and support to the Group. I would like to express my
appreciation to all directors (“Directors”), members of senior
management and staff of the Group for their hard work during the past
year. I believe that SITC is progressing towards its goal of becoming a
world class shipping logistics enterprise and will deliver more
outstanding results in the future.
YANG Shaopeng
Chairman
10 March 2011