Chairman’s Statement
SITC will continue to optimize its
unique business model, expand
its intra-Asia service network,
work for the objective of becoming
the first choice of customers,
provide its customers with quality
services through construction of
comprehensive logistics facilities
and tailor-made logistics solutions,
and bring itself closer to the goal of
becoming a world-class integrated
logistics service provider.
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of SITC
International Holdings Company Limited (“SITC” or the “Company”,
together with its subsidiaries referred to as the “Group”), I hereby
present to you the Group’s annual results for the year ended 31
December 2015.
During the year ended 31 December 2015, the global economic and
trade environment remained volatile, and marked by several industrychanging
events. The economy and trade in Asia also faced a slowdown.
The growth of the global container logistics slowed down
while excess shipping capacity and decrease in costs resulted in
increased competition and declining freight rates. Shipping logistics
companies generally operated in challenging conditions.
In line with the increasing spending power and the infrastructure
investment and the urbanization development in Asia as well as the
relocation of more production bases to Southeast Asian countries,
including Vietnam, Cambodia and Indonesia, merchandise trade
between this region and other parts of Asia also kept increasing.
Consequently, the overall intra-Asia container shipping volume
experienced continuous growth in 2015 on a year-on-year basis and
remained the world’s largest container shipping market.
SITC is a leading shipping logistics company dedicated to
serving the intra-Asia trade market. The Group leverages on the
comprehensive coverage of its shipping and logistics supply chain,
unique business model, high quality customer base and its highdensity,
highfrequency container shipping route and logistics network
covering major ports in Asia to derive full benefits of the growth in the
trade and economies of China and other Asian countries. Despite the
declining shipping rate as a result of the intense competition in the
sea freight market and high fuel costs, the Group still performed well
during the year under review, with turnover reaching approximately
US$1,284.6 million, representing an increase of approximately
6.7% as compared with 2014. Gross profit reached approximately
US$182.1 million, representing an increase of approximately
9.6% as compared with 2014. Profit before income tax amounted
to approximately US$148.4 million, representing an increase of
approximately 18.5% from 2014. Profit attributable to owners of the
parent amounted to approximately US$143.2 million and earnings
per share was approximately US5.5 cents. For the year ended 31
December 2015, the Board resolved to recommend the payment of
a final dividend of HK$16 cents per share.
Over the past years, SITC continued to record significant increase
in container shipping volume and outperform many of our peers
by actively capitalizing on the intra-Asia economic development.
The total container shipping volume for the year increased by
approximately 4.13% to 2,163,179 TEU, with average freight rate
of US$413.8/TEU, down 11.99% year on year. The Group’s landbased
freight forwarding business achieved total volume of 1,616,974
TEU, up 1.5% year on year. SITC maintained stable growth in intraAsia
shipping market share in 2015.
The Group leveraged on its strong operating cash flow to expand
its operations amidst the unfavorable industrial trend, and pursued
development opportunities at low costs. SITC has actively pursued
expansion of its fleet. In 2015, a total of 10 new vessels and 2
secondhand vessel were delivered. Our total fleet capacity at the end
of 2015 reached 86,948 TEU. The Group considers that the new
vessel orders placed at a time of low vessel price helps the Group
expand its self-owned fleet and secure a long-term cost advantage
for SITC. As at 31 December 2015, the Group had 44 self-owned
container vessels and 27 chartered container vessels. Meanwhile,
the Group owned 6 dry bulk vessels with a gross tonnage of
438,595 DWT.
In respect of the sea freight logistics business, the Group continued
to implement various extension and upgrade to certain container
shipping route services networks of the Group. There was a new
direct shipping route between South China and the Philippines
with Cebu as our new calling port. The Qingdao-Sakai-senboku
Port Shipping Route also marked its debut. A new direct shipping
route serving South China, the Philippines, Indonesia and Malaysia
was launched with Makassar Port as our new calling port. As of
31 December 2015, the Group operated 61 trade lanes, including
10 trade lanes through joint services and 24 trade lanes through
container slot exchange arrangements.
In respect of the land-based logistics business a joint venture in
Thailand and self-operated depots in Bangkok and Laem Chabang
with an area of approximately 69,000 sq.m. were established to
promote and develop the logistics park business of the Group in
Thailand. The Group expanded Phase II of the depot in Vietnam by
approximately 12,000 sq.m. through a joint venture so as to further
enhance its operation capabilities in the logistics park of Vietnam.
As of 31 December 2015, the Group operated (including by way
of a joint venture) a depot of approximately 1 million sq.m. and a
warehouse of 100,000 sq.m. In addition, the Group entered into
strategic cooperation agreements with Shanghai East Container
Terminal (滬 東 碼 頭), Qingdao Port and Sihanoukville Autonomous
Port to strengthen its cooperation with the ports in respect of
ancillary services including depot, warehousing and shipping agency.
While the global shipping industry is expected to face various
difficulties and challenges in 2016, the Group’s management
remains confident about the business environment in intra-Asia
container shipping and logistics market in the year of 2016. As its
business expands, SITC will continue to optimize its unique business
model, expand its intra-Asia service network, work for the objective
of becoming the first choice of customers, provide its customers
with quality services through construction of comprehensive logistics
facilities and tailor-made logistics solutions, and bring itself closer
to the goal of becoming a world-class integrated logistics service
provider. It is the Group’s policy to continue pursue strategies that
would enhance the Group’s long-term value and bring reasonable
returns to the shareholders with a cautious attitude.
Finally, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our
shareholders for their concern and support to the Group. I would
like to express my appreciation to all directors of the Company
(“Directors”), members of senior management and staff of the
Group for their hard work during the past year. I believe that SITC
is progressing towards its goal of becoming a world-class shipping
logistics enterprise and will deliver more outstanding results in the
future.
YANG Shaopeng
Chairman
11 March 2016