Chairman s Statement 
As a growing, balanced enterprise we are well positioned for the future, driven by entrepreneurial thinking and a focus on technology leadership.

On behalf of the Board of Directors (Board) of Nexteer Automotive Group Limited (Nexteer of the Company), I present to our shareholders (Shareholders) the annual report for the financial year ended December 31, 2015.
In December 2015, we celebrated our fifth anniversary as an independent company and the significant accomplishments made in this relatively brief period of time. By strengthening our technology leadership and streamlining operations, we transformed the Company into a cash flow positive and profitable enterprise with record earnings of US$210.1 million in the current reporting period. We have also increased revenue by 63.8% from US$2,051.9 million at the end of 2010 to US$3,360.5 million at the end of 2015, with the past two reporting periods delivering accelerated growth.
We continue to advance a strategy of diversification with new customers, new products, and new regions 
Our 2015 backlog of booked business (Booked Business) remains strong at US$11.0 billion in lifetime revenue. The composition of Booked Business provides an indication of our decreasing dependency on General Motors of 6.2% and continued market expansion in EPS 
Our healthy and flexible capital structure enables us to consider targeted acquisitions and alliances appropriate for the business. This assessment is encouraging and will provide a solid foundation as we look to develop collaborative strategies to continue to grow the 
We are pleased that the hard work of our dedicated employees has been recognised by our Shareholders and the financial markets.
In September 2015, Nexteer was added to the Hang Seng Composite Large Cap & Mid Cap Index (HSLMI), a significant milestone for the Company. Our inclusion recognises the progress and achievements that Nexteer has delivered since our IPO in 2013. We are also pleased that our shares are now accessible to investors in mainland China through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect program.
Nexteer strives to be a model company in the global market. In a quantitative assessment of corporate governance and earnings quality factors conducted in the second quarter of 2015, Macquarie ranked Nexteer at the top of a group of peer companies with significant securities appreciation potential.
We are committed to continuously improving our internal control systems and transparency. To meet stakeholders expectations in environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors we will publish our first sustainability report in April 2016 demonstrating our commitment to creating shareholder value in a socially 
As a growing, balanced enterprise, we are well positioned for the future, driven by entrepreneurial thinking and a focus on technology leadership.
ReVIeW oF ResULts In 2015, Nexteer continued creating value for Shareholders. For the year ending December 31, 2015, the Group s revenue was US$3,360.5 million, representing an increase of approximately 12.8% from US$2,978.1 million in 2014. Revenue from non-U.S.
markets amounted to US$1,827.8 million, representing growth of 17.0% from US$1,562.3 million in 2014.
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was US$205.4 million representing an increase of 27.3% from US$161.4 million in 2014. The Group s gross profit was US$544.9 million, representing an increase of 29.7% from US$420.0 million in 2014.
Nexteer continues to make global diversification a priority. In 2015, 66.0% of revenue was delivered from North America, 10.1% from Europe, 21.8% from China and 2.1% from Rest of World.

Numerous market trends are presenting expansion opportunities within our core business such as increased demand for fuel efficiency, vehicle connectivity, driver assist and autonomous vehicle technologies. The very essence of how the market defines mobility is evolving and shaping Nexteer s research and development activities.
The Nexteer team is leveraging our driver assistance products and technology to enhance the autonomous driving experience using both conventional product development and disruptive thinking. Our steer-by- wire production history and ongoing research and development are central building blocks to meeting this objective. This effort resulted in the booking of our first development contract on an autonomous vehicle with a North American vehicle manufacturer.
As a leader in intuitive motion control, we believe that focusing on current success is not sufficient to maximise the growth potential of the enterprise.
With this in mind, we are approaching the market as an entrepreneurial and innovative organisation. We have made strategic investments adjacent to our core business to expand our diversification efforts.

Taking lessons learned from Silicon Valley, we launched a business and technology development group (SYNTecrity). This team operates independent of our traditional R&D organisation and maintains focus on the quick indentification and advancement of new portfolio products and functional capabilities for next generation 
Global mega trends are also creating growth opportunities in areas outside of traditional automotive. We have established a separate business development group to explore the application of existing products and core competencies in adjacent markets.
Along with growth opportunities on the horizon for 2016 and beyond, Nexteer will continue to monitor the needs of global markets and look for favorable opportunities within the domain of intuitive motion control. Through responsible stewardship of core competencies and deliberate pursuit of commercial opportunities, we intend to ensure long-term success of the Company.
I am proud of what we have accomplished in our journey to transform Nexteer into an agile, lean and independent global company. With a robust long term strategy and a strong balance sheet, Nexteer is poised for sustainable profitable growth.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our management team and our over 12,000 employees worldwide for their unwavering dedication in making Nexteer a leader in intuitive motion control. I extend additional thanks to our Shareholders.
Your belief and support afford Nexteer the ability to thrive in a dynamic global marketplace and to build a solid platform for continued growth.
I encourage you to review the material contained in this report, and sincerely value your continued support of 
March 15, 2016 