Chairman s Statement 
I would like to begin by extending my heartfelt gratitude to all our shareholders and general society for their support to China Maple Leaf Educational Systems Limited ( the Group ). On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to present the annual report of the Group for the year beginning on September 1, 2013 and ended August 31, 2014, which is also the Group s fi rst annual report published after our listing on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong on November 28, 2014.

During the Reporting Period, a total of approximately 13,513 students were enrolled in our eight school districts, namely Dalian, Wuhan, Tianjin, Chongqing, Zhenjiang, Luoyang, Ordos and Shanghai, an increase of 1,816 students or approximately 16% compared to the enrollment the fi nancial year prior. Tuition fees and other revenues amounted to approximately RMB540,269,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB69,050,000 or 15% as compared to the prior fi nancial year. New schools opened during the current academic year, namely Shanghai Maple Leaf International School (High School), Henan Maple Leaf International School (High School), Zhenjiang Maple Leaf International School (Middle School and Elementary School) and Wuhan Maple Leaf International School (Elementary School), operated smoothly.
Looking Forward to the Upcoming Financial Year The Group views the upcoming fi nancial year beginning on September 1, 2014 and ending on August 31, 2015 with great confi dence in terms of development prospects.

Operations proceeded smoothly for our Tianjin Huayuan Maple Leaf International School (Middle School and Elementary School), Pingdingshan Maple Leaf International School (Middle School, Elementary School and Preschool), Shanghai Maple Leaf International School (Middle School) and Chongqing Maple Leaf International School (Elementary School), which began operation on September 1, 2014, experiencing strong market demand. We anticipate healthy growth in student enrolments and revenues for the Group in the year ending August 31, 2015.

The Company focuses on improving and combining Chinese and Western educational philosophies, as well as the realisation of its ideal quality education. Our two transformation goals, namely repositioning ourselves as a cultivator of elite talent from focusing on international talent, and expansive transformation from schools to school districts and from school districts to education parks, are both being actively pursued. A dual-focus strategic plan is being implemented, improving our educational and teaching quality and optimizing our system linkages as we begin operating services related to students well-being such as uniform manufacturing, supermarkets, cultural shops and drinkable mineral water.
New school districts contracted for by the Group and pending commencement include: Yiwu Maple Leaf International School (High School, Middle School, Elementary School, Preschool and Foreign National School), which will open on September 1, 2015; Xi an Maple Leaf International School (Middle School and Elementary School) and Zhejiang Pinghu Maple Leaf International School (Middle School, Elementary School and Preschool), which will open on September 1, 2016; and Xi an Maple Leaf International 
School (High School and Foreign National School) which will open on September 1, 2017. Based on our current plans for capacity expansion for each of the Group s school as well as the ongoing negotiations for cooperative operation in various cities, we expect that 18-20 new schools will be opened by the Group in the coming fi ve years, increasing the number of schools owned by the Group to approximately 60 by the end of August 2020, with corresponding fast growth in student enrolment and revenue for the next fi ve years.

Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my appreciation for our students parents, the local governments for supporting our work, general society and, last but not least, our shareholders for their fi rm support for Maple Leaf Education. We vow to contribute to society with our ever better educational services and performance 
Shu Liang Sherman Jen China Maple Leaf Educational Systems Limited Chairman and Executive Director Dalian, PRC, November 18, 2014 