Chairman’s Statement
“As a growing, balanced enterprise
we are well positioned for the future,
and we are driven by entrepreneurial
thinking and a focus on technology
leadership.”
Dear Shareholders:
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Nexteer (Board),
I present to our shareholders (Shareholders) the annual
report for the financial year ended December 31, 2016.
Over the past six years, we have transformed the
Company into a modern, energetic and profitable
enterprise. We have experienced unprecedented
growth and technological advances, accelerated by
our employees’ passion for relentless innovation. This
passion has fueled the Company for over a century and
has now made Nexteer a “Leader in Intuitive Motion
Control.”
With a strong product portfolio and competitive
footprint, we have enjoyed rapid growth driven by robust
program launches and strong vehicle volumes in North
America and Asia Pacific. In the current reporting period,
we generated US$301.9 million net profit. We also
increased revenue to US$3,842.2 million at the end of
2016.
In August 2016, we established a lean and globally
connected corporate World Headquarters in Auburn
Hills, Michigan.
Located in the heart of the automotive industry, the
new facility is tangible evidence of a company in motion.
It signals Nexteer’s technological focus and provides
a central platform for increased industry presence. It
serves as the hub of Nexteer’s innovative approach to
business, enabling us to pursue balanced global growth
and deliver advanced products.
In 2016, we continued to enhance our global engineering
capabilities.
In April 2016, we opened a new Application Engineering
Centre in Tychy, Poland to serve our European
customers. We also opened phase two of our
Application Engineering Centre in Suzhou, China to build
on regional success with Brush Column EPS. These
facilities are strategically located to better serve our
global customers and anticipate market needs.
In 2016, we opened a record 3 new manufacturing
facilities to meet the demands of a growing customer
base. These included a wholly-owned facility located in
Brazil and a joint venture in Chongqing, both focused
on regional localisation of our EPS capabilities. A new
facility in India expands halfshafts manufacturing and
enables the possibility of locally produced EPS business
with new customers.
With 24 manufacturing facilities, 5 regional engineering
centres and 11 customer service centres strategically
located around the globe, we continue to advance our
strategy of diversification with new customers, new
products and new regions of operations.
Our 2016 backlog of Booked Business remains strong
at US$25.6 billion. The composition of Booked Business
provides an indication of our increasing customer
diversity and continued market expansion in EPS.
In April 2016, we published the Group’s first
sustainability report on a voluntary basis, demonstrating
our commitment to the creation of Shareholder value
in a socially responsible manner. We will publish our
second sustainability report in 2017 outlining the
progress we have made in furthering this process within
the Company.
As we continue to evolve global manufacturing and
engineering capabilities, improve our capital expenditure
and procurement processes, and enhance corporate and
governance functions, we are driving impactful operating
changes focused on value creation for all Shareholders.
Our capital structure remains healthy and flexible,
enabling us to consider targeted acquisitions and
alliances appropriate for the business. As a growing,
balanced enterprise we are well positioned for the
future, and we are driven by entrepreneurial thinking and
a focus on technology leadership.
REVIEW OF RESULTS
For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Group’s
revenue was US$3,842.2 million, representing an
increase of approximately 14.3% from US$3,360.5
million in 2015. Revenue from non-US markets
amounted to US$2,095.4 million, representing growth
of 14.6% from US$1,827.8 million in 2015. Net profit
attributable to equity holders of the Company was
US$294.7 million representing an increase of 43.5%
from US$205.4 million in 2015. The Group’s gross profit
was US$661.7 million, representing an increase of
21.4% from US$544.9 million in 2015.
Nexteer continues to make global diversification a
priority. In 2016, 65.4% of revenue was delivered from
North America, 23.4% from Asia Pacific, 11.2% from
Europe and South America.
FUTURE PROSPECTS
We recognise that the technological migration from
HPS to EPS is approaching full conversion. With this in
mind, we are focused on optimising incumbent business
through cost improvement and continued investment
in technological innovation. We will also continue to
monitor the projected slowdown in major markets like
the US and China in anticipation of further business
adjustments.
With the advent of vehicle automation and enhanced
vehicle communications, the automotive industry is
undergoing radical transformation to define the future
of mobility. In 2016, vehicle manufacturers declared
new business models, announced equity investments
in disruptive technologies and reevaluated relationships
with the supply base. New market entrants also continue
to influence and accelerate the pace of innovation in the
automotive industry, leaving room only for those nimble
enough to quickly adapt and embrace change.
At the 2017 NAIAS, we announced the expansion of our
product portfolio with the market introduction of two
new products for AD: Nexteer Steering on Demand™
System and Nexteer Quiet Wheel™ Steering.
These innovative products have led to development
contracts with several existing customers and have
opened doors with new targeted customers. These
products leverage advanced driver assistance technology
in EPS and our production history in steer-by-wire. They
create a platform and the central building blocks for
Nexteer to play an important role in the future of mobility
and automated driving.
Our joint arrangement with Continental will focus
on advanced motion control systems for automated
driving and will accelerate advancements in vehicle
motion control systems beyond both parents’ current
capabilities. We continue to consider new collaborative
relationships, acquisitions and alliances to strengthen
our position in mobility solutions.
At Nexteer, the future is guided by opportunities for
advancement within and beyond our core business of
steering and driveline systems. I am gratified to be part
of Nexteer’s transformation and express my greatest
appreciation for our team’s hard work and dedication
in securing its place as a “Leader in Intuitive Motion
Control.”
APPRECIATION
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my
sincere appreciation to our management team and our
13,700 employees worldwide for their unwavering
dedication to value creation. We remain focused
on driving consistent growth in our core products.
Further, we recognise increasing market opportunities
in ADAS functionality and the enabling technologies
that will make vehicle autonomy a reality. We are well
positioned to ensure that Nexteer remains relevant as
a provider of key content for the delivery of intuitive
motion control and will pursue strategic collaborations
and targeted acquisitions to advance our capabilities.
I extend additional thanks to our Shareholders. Your
belief and support afford Nexteer the ability to thrive in a
dynamic global marketplace and to build a solid platform
for continued growth.
I encourage you to review the material contained in this
report, and sincerely value your continued support of
Nexteer.
ZHAO Guibin
Chairman
March 14, 2017
