Chairman s Statement 
Technology is the competitive advantage that drives opportunity for the Company.
& We believe that value creation is greatly enhanced through the power of aligned and 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Nexteer (the Board), I present to our shareholders (the Shareholders) the annual report for the financial year ended December 
Building upon our successful listing on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) in 2013, we have solidified our capital structure with a US$250.0 million bond offering (Senior Notes or Notes) in November 2014. This action delivered access to the high-yield bond market and new blue-chip investors. Our strengthened capital structure extends our platform for growth.
Our continuing business expansion embraces increased diversification of customers and vehicle segments served, products offered and regions of operation.
As a leader in intuitive motion control we continue to build enduring relationships with our valued customers and supply base to expand our global reach.

We align the global enterprise under a unifying theme of One Nexteer. We believe that value creation is greatly enhanced through the power of aligned and empowered teams. In 2014, we increased the autonomy of regional workgroups to more closely couple customers with front-line Nexteer team members.
Global markets are responding favorably to the hard work and dedication of our trusted employees.
Nexteer is positioned for greater long-term success driven by our strength of earnings, globalisation, product diversification, effective leadership team and a comprehensive EPS technology portfolio.
To further strengthen Nexteer s position in this highly competitive environment, we shared with our employees at the end of 2014 the decision to establish Nexteer s global headquarters in the greater Detroit area of the United States. This region is the global backbone of the automotive industry, with seven global automakers having their world or North American headquarters located there. In addition, 60 of the top 100 automotive suppliers to North America have a significant presence in this location.

The establishment of Nexteer s headquarters in metro Detroit will enable our top leadership, global management team and functional staff closer access to our customers, industry leaders and decision makers.
This provides a game-changing opportunity as the Company continues to grow and leverage its brand around the globe.
REVIEW OF RESULTS In 2014, Nexteer continued its upward trend of value creation for shareholders. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Group s revenue was US$2,978.1 million, representing an increase of 24.8% from approximately US$2,386.8 million in 2013. The Group s revenue that came from non-U.S. markets amounted to US$936.1 million, representing growth of 35.7% from US$690.0 million in 2013. The profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was US$161.4 million representing an increase of 47.8% from US$109.2 million in 2013. The Group s gross profit was US$420.0 million representing an increase of 23.7% from US$339.4 million in 2013.
Nexteer continues to make global diversification a priority. In 2014, 68.6% of our revenues were from North America, 12.2% were from Europe, 15.7% from China and 3.5% from the rest of the world.

Technology is the competitive advantage that drives opportunity for the Company.
The integration of advanced driver assist functionality into our systems is key to providing sustainable solutions that customers increasingly require. These advanced driver assist systems will be critical enablers of the car of the future and of greater autonomous 
With our commitment to deliver Affordable Compelling Technology , I believe that Nexteer is well positioned for continued success throughout our global operations.
Nexteer continues to strengthen our business globally by offering steering and driveline products that are personalised to fit each market s needs, with an emphasis on the specific needs of emerging markets.

In 2013, we successfully launched a brush EPS system with a modular scalable design for the Chinese market.
This low-cost system met unique market and customer needs. I am pleased to report that market acceptance for this product has been remarkable achieving orders of over 95 thousand units in December 2014. The production rate is expected to exceed one million in 2015. Beyond China, Nexteer is positioned for growth in Brazil, where we were recently awarded a significant EPS program with a key global OEM. As a result of this program, Nexteer EPS will establish a significant presence in the Brazilian market by 2018.
Our capital structure enables us to consider targeted acquisitions and alliances appropriate for our business.
This is an enormous benefit as we look to develop collaborative strategies to continue to grow the 
Along with the many growth opportunities on the horizon for 2015 and beyond, Nexteer will continue to closely monitor the needs of global markets and look for favorable non-organic opportunities to ensure Nexteer s 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our management and employees for their unwavering dedication to making Nexteer a world-class automotive supplier. I extend additional thanks to our Shareholders. Their belief and financial backing affords Nexteer the ability to thrive in fluctuating global markets and have a strong platform for continued growth.
I encourage you to review the material contained in this report, and sincerely appreciate your continued support 
March 11, 2015 