Chairman s Statement 
2013 was a milestone year for Nexteer. We successfully listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) on October 7, 2013 providing Nexteer with access to the broader capital markets further enhancing our corporate image and visibility to investors.
This event has created a great foundation for Nexteer s future 
On behalf of the board (the Board) of directors (Directors) of Nexteer, I hereby present to our shareholders (the Shareholders) the annual report for the financial year ended December 31, 2013.
We are among the world s leading steering and driveline suppliers. 2013 was a milestone year for Nexteer. We successfully listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) on October 7, 2013 providing Nexteer with access to the broader capital markets further enhancing our corporate image and visibility to investors. This event has created a great foundation for Nexteer s 
During 2013, Nexteer employees were focused to ensure that our business maintained its growth momentum and achieved a significant improvement in our earnings results. Together we have transformed Nexteer from a division under General Motors to an independent, stable and growing global automotive supplier. In addition, Nexteer has improved its profitability, from a loss position in 2010 to US$109.2 million in net income attributable to owners of the Group at the end of 2013. We are once again an energetic 100-year old, technology-oriented company on a path to continued profitable growth.

REVIEW OF RESULTS For the year ended December 31, 2013, the Group s revenue was approximately US$2,386.8 million, representing an increase of approximately 10.1% from approximately US$2,167.8 million in 2012. The Group s revenue that came from non-U.S. markets amounted to approximately US$690.0 million, representing growth of approximately 9.3% from approximately US$631.5 million in 2012. The profit attributable to owners of the Group was approximately US$109.2 million representing an increase of approximately 91.2% from approximately US$57.1 million in 2012. The Group s gross profit was approximately US$339.4 million representing an increase of approximately 25.1% from approximately US$271.4 million in 2012.
Nexteer s business has a strong global presence. In 2012 and 2013, 70.9% and 71.1% of our revenues were from North America, 15.2% and 12.7% were from Europe, 8.4% and 11.0% were from China and 5.5% and 5.2% were from the rest of the world, respectively.
A major factor driving Nexteer s growth has been the strategic direction of the business provided by our controlling shareholder, Aviation Industry Corporate of China (AVIC). Under AVIC s guidance, we have increased our focus on research and development (R&D), capital investment and business pursuits in China and other developing markets.

We expect to increase market share and seize the opportunity of rapid growth with our EPS products.
Through our global presence, technological expertise in EPS and strong relationships with our customers, we believe we are well-positioned to capitalize on future growth in these developing markets.
We plan to strengthen our business in North America, grow in Europe and expand our business in developing markets, including China, by offering steering and driveline products that are specifically tailored to different markets product performance and price requirements. In addition, we plan to build upon existing relationships with global and local OEMs in these markets. We also may pursue 
selected strategic acquisitions and alliances globally, including in developing markets. We plan to expand our manufacturing plants in certain countries, such as China, to increase our production capacity. We believe that by offering tailored products, building upon existing relationships, pursuing strategic acquisitions and alliances and expanding our manufacturing plants, our brand recognition and revenue will continue to grow 
Of course, while there are many opportunities for Nexteer, there are also many challenges ahead due to uncertainty in the political and economic environment around the world. The global economy is facing many challenges, which may have an adverse effect on automotive production and the market for automotive components, such as steering systems, and may result in additional pressure on Nexteer s performance. Rising raw material and labor costs may impact operational costs. An unlikely reduction in global vehicle demand and increasing competition among automotive suppliers may create pressure on steering and driveline 
We continue to monitor changes in the market that may impact the global automotive industry and Nexteer s strategy for success.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our management and employees for their diligence, hard work and contribution. I would also like to thank all Shareholders for their support and trust. With such assistance and support, Nexteer is confident of generating long-term and greater value for 
March 19, 2014 