Chairman s Statement 
The Group continued to persist in a business setup that focused on the three core operations, while pursuing developments in technologically advanced and high value-added aluminium processing. On top of fortifying our existing principal business in industrial aluminium extrusion products, we expanded the deep-processed industrial aluminium extrusion product business conducive to growth of exports and launched in an orderly manner the aluminium fl at rolled product business complementary to the industrial aluminium product business, in a bid to drive future sustainable development of the Group.

On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of China Zhongwang Holdings Limited, I am pleased to present the annual report on the results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2012 (the Year under Review ) for 
Resilience Seeking Progress on the Basis of Stable Development China remained one of the most vibrant economies of the world in 2012 despite a slowdown in overall economic growth under the negative impact of the European sovereign debt crisis and lacklustre economic recovery of the United States (the US ). China s domestic demand for aluminium products, especially high-end industrial aluminium extrusion products, continued to rise steadily. In 2012, the Group focused on business development in the PRC market and reported marked improvements in operating results for the Year under Review as it sought progress on the basis of stable development, with the benefit of its resilient execution ability reflected in measures to strengthen product research and development capabilities, upgrade production technology, optimize production capacity and step up market development efforts. The Group continued to persist in a business setup that focused on the three core operations, while pursuing developments in technologically advanced and high value-added aluminium processing. On top of fortifying our existing principal business in industrial aluminium extrusion products, we expanded the deep-processed industrial aluminium extrusion product business conducive to growth of exports and launched in an orderly manner the aluminium flat rolled product business complementary to the industrial aluminium product business, in a bid to drive future sustainable development of the 
Business Performance Significant Turnaround The Group had been implementing a market strategy focused on the China market and complemented by the overseas market since the second half of 2010 and, by 2012, a firm foundation had been successfully laid down in China, where we manufactured high precision industrial aluminium extrusion products for large enterprises on a customised basis in an aggressive move to contest shares in China s high-end market segment. Positive results have gradually been achieved: The Group s revenue and profit attributable to equity shareholders grew by 31.0% and 63.5% during the Year under Review to approximately RMB13.50 billion and RMB1.81 billion (2011: approximately RMB10.31 billion and RMB1.11 
Sales volume of aluminium extrusion products amounted to 555,670 tonnes, increasing by 25.6% as compared to last year and exceeding the Group s target of 500,000 tonnes for 2012; Sales in the China market increased by 25.7% year-on-year to approximately RMB12.37 billion in value, accounting for 91.6% of total sales. China has become the major source of our Group s revenue; The industrial aluminium extrusion deep-processing business has boosted our Group's efforts to expand exports to the US market. Revenue from the Group s export sales for the Year under Review increased by 141.6% to approximately RMB1.13 billion (2011: approximately RMB470 million) as compared to last year. The export-to-total sales ratio also increased to 8.4% (2011: 4.5%); The Group carried out equipment upgrades and product mix optimisation on an ongoing basis. Six large-scale extrusion presses of 75MN or above officially commenced production upon completion of installation and testing during the Year under Review; another eight large-scale extrusion presses are in the stage of final testing and are expected to officially commence production in mid-2013, by which time the Group will have over twenty extrusion presses of 75MN or above, four of which are 125MN extrusion presses, currently the most advanced in the world.
Industrial Aluminium Extrusion Leading the Industry in Terms of Equipment Upgrades Industrial aluminium extrusion business remains the cornerstone to the Group s ongoing development, providing strong support for the Group s development of aluminium flat rolled products in the form of economies of scale, technological expertise, customer base and stable cash flow. In view of increasing applications of high-end large-section aluminium extrusion products in the China market, the Group decided to introduce eighteen large-tonnage extrusion presses of 75MN or above from 2011 onwards. Ten of these presses officially commenced production by the end of 2012 upon completion of installation and testing procedures, such that the number of industrial aluminium extrusion production lines operated by the Group increased 
to 85 with an aggregate production capacity of over 900,000 tonnes per annum. Pending the official commissioning of the remaining eight large-scale extrusion press production lines, the total number of production lines of the Group will increase to 93 with an aggregate production capacity exceeding 1 million tonnes per annum. In terms of the strengths of equipment and technological standards, the Group has been at the forefront of the aluminium processing industry in the world. To improve our Group s long-term competitiveness through enhanced production capacity for high-end industrial aluminium extrusion products, we ordered during the Year under Review two 225MN horizontal single action aluminium extrusion presses, which are the largest and most advanced in the world. Deliveries of these presses are scheduled for 2014.
Aluminium alloy smelting and casting technology and die development are two of the core areas where the Group claims competitive strengths. The Group has built one of the nation s largest tilt smelting and casting production lines. During the Year under Review, the Group upgraded its existing smelting and casting equipment to cater to the newly installed large- scale extrusion equipment and procured additional high precision die-making equipment to meet increased production needs for aluminium extrusion dies and related processing workpieces.
Deep-processing Business Reopening the Door to Overseas Markets Deep-processed industrial aluminium extrusion products, which command high added value and are not subject to anti- dumping and countervailing policies of certain countries, will help the Group in exploring overseas markets. Therefore, the Group has been actively engaged since 2011 in the development of deep-processed product business, in connection with which a specialised deep-processing technology team has been established to further process industrial aluminium extrusion products into finished or semi-finished products for sale.
During the Year under Review, the new industrial aluminium extrusion product deep-processing centre completed construction and gradually commenced production at the end of 2012. Installation of the welding equipment imported from Europe for the manufacturing of aluminium alloy railway vehicle bodies has been completed, providing us the capacity to assemble aluminium alloy railway vehicle bodies with efficiency and precision. The Group expects sales to grow further in 2013 as its range of deep-processed products becomes increasingly diversified.
High Precision Aluminium Flat Rolled Products Engine for Future Growth The Group continued to advance the business of aluminium flat rolled products as scheduled, with plans to manufacture aluminium sheet, plate and foil products, including medium-to-high thickness aluminium plates. Aluminium flat rolled products are widely applied in aviation, aerospace, vessels, rail transportation, automobiles, machinery and equipment, beverage cans and packaging, etc. The end-customer groups of these sectors substantially overlap with those for industrial aluminium extrusion products.
Our production base for aluminium flat rolled products is located in Wuqing District, Tianjin. In the second half of 2012, the Group commenced the preliminary foundational construction work of the Tianjin production base for aluminium flat rolled products. Situated in proximity to the capital city, Tianjin is a transportation hub connecting North China, Northeast China and East China. Featuring the largest artificial harbour in North China, it enjoys a very prestigious geographical location that provides the main passage from the Pacific coast to the Eurasian inland and the major sea outlet for the Eurasian Land Bridge. Our presence in Wuqing District, a focal point for manufacturers of machinery and equipment, automobile parts and components and new materials, will facilitate the building of closer sales relations with downstream customers. The Group is stepping up its overseas recruitment of research and development and technical personnel in the aluminium processing industry to increase the pace of technological build-up and research and development for aluminium flat rolled products. Deliveries of the Group s major production equipment ordered from countries such as Germany and the US are scheduled to start at the end of 2013. In the two years ahead, the Group will roll out in force the construction work for phase I of the project, aiming to complete the building of production capacity of 1.80 million tonnes per annum and commence production by 2015 and to realize the overall capacity of 3 million tonnes per annum by 2018.
Given our leading edge in aluminium processing industry in terms of technology, talents, customer base and financial strength, the Group is fully confident in the future development of this business segment.
Technological Innovation Numerous Honours and Awards As a leading aluminium processing enterprise in the world, the Group is actively engaged in the proprietary research and development of high value-added innovative industrial aluminium extrusion products, which enhances its ability to 
manufacture customised aluminium extrusion products that meet in every dimension customers technical requirements.
In 2012, the Group was awarded the title of State Accredited Enterprise Technology Centre by five government ministries including the National Development and Reform Commission, making us the only aluminium processing enterprise in Liaoning Province to have received this honour in technological innovation at national level. We have also been named a State-level Pilot Innovative Enterprise by three ministries including the Ministry of Science and Technology. In 2012, the Group ranked first in the Top 10 Chinese Industrial Aluminium Extrusion Product Enterprises elected by China Non- ferrous Metals Manufacturing Industry Association.
China s Aluminium Processing Industry Holding out Broad Prospects Given its light-weight and energy-saving features, superb heat and electricity conductivity and recyclability, aluminium has become an increasingly valued choice for sectors such as transportation, machinery and equipment, consumer product packaging and electrical equipment. The demand for aluminium flat rolled products is set to grow substantially, as the government encourages the development of such products as aluminium alloy plates for automobiles and vessels, aluminium materials for railway carriage bodies (including coal trains and oil tank trains, etc.), aluminium alloy materials for containers, broad-width thin sheets for aluminium cans, aluminium plates for solar power applications, and aluminium foils for pharmaceutical packaging as part of the government s ongoing drive for industry upgrade. The global automobile industry is developing towards lightness in weight and lower energy consumption, as the use of aluminium for the four doors and two hoods can reduce the weight of a vehicle body and reduce fuel consumption. Moreover, as the accelerating pace of China s urbanization process drives the demand for aluminium applications in railway transportation, the use of aluminium as a substitution for steel and copper has grown into a trend.
China is currently the world s largest producer and consumer of aluminium extrusion products. According to a report by The Boston Consulting Group, China s production capacity for aluminium extrusion products amounted to approximately 17.52 million tonnes in 2011, accounting for more than 60% of the world s total production capacity of approximately 28.23 million tonnes. Of China s actual consumption of approximately 10.43 million tonnes, representing approximately 60% of the world s total consumption of approximately 17.53 million tonnes, industrial aluminium extrusion products accounted for approximately 3.65 million tonnes while construction aluminium extrusion products made up the rest. Consumption of industrial aluminium extrusion products in China is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate ( CAGR ) of 9 13% to reach approximately 9.46 million tonnes by 2020, with product lines extended to high-end industrial applications.
The aluminium flat rolled product project vigorously developed by the Group holds out even greater market potential.
According to the Boston Consulting Group report, China s consumption of aluminium flat rolled products will increase substantially from approximately 7.60 million tonnes in 2011, which accounted for approximately 40% of the world s total consumption of 18.55 million tonnes, to close to 16 million tonnes in 2020, representing a higher-than-global average CAGR of approximately 8 9%, to account for more than half of the world s consumption of approximately 31.66 million tonnes of aluminium flat rolled products 2 .
Looking ahead, we will continue to focus on the China market while expanding the capacity for high-end industrial aluminium extrusion products and develop deep-processed products to enhance the Group s profitability. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to advance its aluminium flat rolled product project in an orderly manner to foster a long-term growth driver. By sharing resources in upstream raw materials, aluminium alloy smelting and casting technologies, product development technologies and downstream customer bases among the three core businesses, a business model underpinned by resource-sharing and mutually complementary business segments will be formed to provide a sound foundation for the Group s healthy and sustainable development.
Last but not least, may I express, on behalf of the Board, sincere appreciation to our shareholders, customers and business partners for their long-standing support. I must also thank my colleagues on the Board and all our staff for their hard work and contribution. The Group will unswervingly implement the strategy for the development of its three core businesses and further improve its operating results to achieve sustainable growth and lucrative returns for its shareholders.

Hong Kong, 8 March 2013 
2 Data of aluminium extrusion production capacity and consumption and aluminium flat rolled product consumption are cited from a report by The Boston Consulting Group dated August 2012 
