Chairman’s Statement
The Group continued to enhance
its core competitiveness through
product mix optimisation, capacity
and equipment upgrade, innovation
and technology advancement, and
extending its foothold along the
industry chain.
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of China
Zhongwang Holdings Limited (“China Zhongwang” or the “Company”, together with
its subsidiaries, the “Group”), I am pleased to present the annual report on the
audited results for the year ended 31 December 2016 (the “Year under Review”) for
your perusal.
Maintained Steady Growth
The economy in China continued its slowing pace of growth in 2016. Nevertheless,
industry structure optimisation and transformation remained on the path of
progression. Demand for eco-friendly, innovative materials rose in tandem with the
upgrading in various industries. Aluminium alloy, a light-weight, corrosion-resistant
and recyclable material, outperformed other types of conventional materials due to
its economic benefits and eco-friendly performance. It has emerged as a perfect
alternative material. Leveraging its extensive experience and the commitment in
pursuit of excellence, China Zhongwang managed to achieve sustainable growth
against global market instability.
Guided by the strategy of “focusing primarily on China and to a lesser extent on the
overseas”, the Group continued to enhance its core competitiveness through product
mix optimisation, capacity and equipment upgrade, innovation and technology
advancement, and extending its foothold along the industry chain. During the Year
under Review, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB16.70 billion.
Overall gross margin increased by 4.8 percentage points, year-on-year, to 37.7%.
Adjusted profit for the year increased by 12.1%, year-on-year, to approximately
RMB3.14 billion. Adjusted earnings per share was approximately RMB0.44.
To reward our shareholders for their support, the Board has proposed a final
dividend of HKD0.10 per share for the year ended 31 December 2016. Together
with an interim dividend of HKD0.11 per share for the six months ended 30 June
2016, dividend for the year totalled HKD0.21 per share, equivalent to an annual
dividend payout ratio of approximately 45.5%.
Developing Innovative End Products for Customers
China accounts for over 50% of the global consumption of aluminium, with increasingly diversified downstream applications in
high-end segments. The strong research and development (“R&D”) and technical teams of China Zhongwang enable it to design
and manufacture innovative advance-processed semi-finished and finished products according to customer specifications, thereby
increasing the share of high value-added products in its product mix during the Year under Review and going a step further to
realising its transition into an integrated light-weight solution provider.
While strengthening the sales of our existing high-end large-section fabricated products, we also successfully fostered multifaceted
cooperation with downstream customers. The Group’s product and process design team is well-trusted by our
customers. The team works seamlessly with customers and takes part in key processes starting from the initial stage of product
development, including design, R&D, production and quality control. We will actively explore cooperation with potential customers
to jointly develop end products to tap into new business opportunities and increase the Group’s profitability.
Increased Production Capacity for High-end Products to Capture Opportunities in Potential Markets
To meet China’s rising demand for high-end aluminium products, the Group is expanding and optimising its production capacity.
For the extrusion business, we are adding high-end equipment, mainly medium-to large-scale extrusion presses, to fulfill rising
market demands. New equipment is expected to be delivered and installed in phases, and will commence operation starting from
2017 and into the next few years. The Group’s competitive edge in the production of large-section industrial aluminium extrusions
will be further enhanced when these additional capacities are put into full operation.
The development of the aluminium flat rolling project is an important step in the Group’s roadmap to expand along the industry
chain. During the Year under Review, the first production line started supplying products on a trial basis to external customers.
Up to date, the flat rolling project has received authoritative accreditations with respect to quality control, environmental
management and safety management systems, including the essential qualifications required for aerospace suppliers. The
technology and R&D teams will kick-start the R&D and accreditation works for specific high-end products. Meanwhile, the second
production line is in the process of equipment installation. Upon full operation, our flat rolling project will become the world’s
largest and most advanced eco-friendly flat rolling production base. It will be a new flagship for the aluminium processing industry
in China and globally.
Green Future for Our Next Generation
On its path of development, China Zhongwang is also committed to environment conservation and sustainable development to
develop a greener world for our next generation. We are delighted with the policies stipulated by local governments of different
regions, setting clear goals in increasing the proportion of new energy automobiles in city buses and taxis. Logistics companies
are adding aluminium-intensive trucks to increase economic benefits in response to the increasingly stringent overloading
restrictions. The manufacturing industry prioritises automation to enhance production efficiency in the process of upgrade and
transformation. These are just some examples demonstrating the tremendous potential of aluminium alloys. China Zhongwang
will work closely with downstream customers to promote the application of aluminium.
Sustainable development relies on innovative research. In 2016, we continued to invest 3% of our total revenue in R&D, keeping
China Zhongwang ahead of the industry with respect to the quality and quantity of new products. We understand that product
differentiation lies in details. As such, we provide employees with a stable working environment supported by an abundance of
resources to cultivate a spirit of excellence. Such a culture enables the passing-on of technical knowledge and expertise that the
Group has accumulated over the years.
Acknowledgements
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude to all employees who stood by Zhongwang in the eventful 2016. I
would like to extend my appreciation to our Shareholders, business partners, customers and suppliers for their long-term trust
and support. China Zhongwang will continue to uphold our commitment of bringing the aluminium processing industry to new
heights. I look forward to witnessing the future growth of China Zhongwang with all of you.
Liu Zhongtian
Chairman