Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of China Zhongwang Holdings Limited, I present the Annual Report on the Results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2011 for your review.
Rising to challenges and resolutely forging ahead Year 2011 saw the Group rising to challenges and resolutely forging ahead. China s exports of industrial aluminium extrusion products to the United States (the US ) fell sharply in 2011, as the nation s aluminium extrusion industry remained in the gloom of the anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations by the United States. As China s largest manufacturer of industrial aluminium extrusion products, the Group s export business suffered inevitably. Nevertheless, we actively adjusted our market and product strategies to address such abrupt changes in the external business environment by quickly shifting our business focus back to China the world s largest consumer of aluminium extrusion products. In China, we expanded our customer base comprising mainly state-owned enterprises and enterprises under the direct supervision of the Central Government, while extending our business scope to include the high value-added business of deep-processed industrial aluminium extrusion products as well as the synergistic business of aluminium flat rolled products, all with a view to fostering drivers for long-term growth.

Light-weight development aimed at energy conservation, discharge reduction and low carbon emission has become a global trend. Because of its light-weight substance, strong performance in corrosion resistance, electric conduction and heat transfer and recyclability, aluminium alloy has become the unrivalled choice of materials for the purpose of reducing fuel consumption and lowering discharge. Market applications of and demand for these products are growing.

Business performance successive quarterly growth As a result of the setback in our export business caused by the US Double Investigations, the Group s revenue and profit attributable to shareholders declined to RMB10.31 billion (2010: RMB10.52 billion) and RMB1.11 billion (2010: RMB2.60 billion) during the year under review respectively. On a brighter note, the Group reported quarter-on-quarter net profit growth, which was driven by ongoing market development efforts, capacity expansion and technological advances. Product sales for the full year surpassed the previous year s level on the back of strong sales growth in the China market and rose by 27.4% year- on-year to 442,506 tonnes (2010: 347,458 tonnes). The China market has become the major source of our Group s revenue, generating sales of RMB9.84 billion, representing a 68.3% growth year-on-year and accounting for 95.5% of our total revenue 
First mover in the aluminium business well positioned for further growth The Group was able to foster economies of scale and to establish market leadership in the aluminium processing sector as a first mover in the business which had consistently focused on the development of aluminium processing industry with special 
emphasis on technologies and products. Over the years, the Group had built a very solid foundation in terms of aluminium alloy smelting and casting technologies, die development, product research and development as well as updownstream network resources, providing an unshakeable cornerstone as the Group sought to tap the aluminium processing market segment. On top of its existing industrial aluminium extrusion business, the Group extended its scope of operations to the deep-processing business and implemented its development plans for the aluminium flat rolled business during the year under review, forming a preliminary business structure with three resource-sharing and complementary core businesses.
Industrial aluminium extrusion products the source of stable cash flow The industrial aluminium extrusion business is the fundamental activity of the Group that provides stable cash flow and profit.
To increase our production capacity in high-end large-section industrial aluminium extrusion products, the Group adopted plans to acquire in two years eighteen extrusion presses each with a pressing power of 75MN or above. During the year under review, the Group acquired four large-tonnage extrusion presses to bring its annual production capacity as at 31 December 2011 to over 800,000 tonnes (2010: 640,000 tonnes). In addition, seven 75MN extrusion presses, four 90MN extrusion presses and three 125MN extrusion presses, all featuring world-advanced technologies, will be installed by the end of 2012, which will bring the Group s annual production capacity for industrial aluminium extrusion products to over 1 million tonnes.
Aluminium alloy smelting and casting technology underpins one of the core competitive advantages of the Group. The Group has built its own tilt smelting and casting line, one of the largest of its kind in China, which is capable of developing aluminium alloy billets with specified alloy compositions as requested by customers. The Group s aluminium alloy smelting and casting capacity has been further increased following the completion of capacity expansion and upgrade project for the aluminium alloy smelting and casting line in 2011 in support of its capacity expansion plan.
The deep-processing business a high value-added business that enhances profitability The Group believes that only a constant drive for the development of high value-added and high-end technologies will sustain the competitiveness of a business in the long run. During the year under review, the Group set up a dedicated team on deep- processing technologies, which was responsible for further processing industrial aluminium extrusion products manufactured by the Group, through procedures such as high-precision welding and surface processing, into finished or semi-finished products ready for use by customers. Small-scale production commenced during the year under review. As deep-processing technologies command higher added value, the gross profit margin of products manufactured through such technologies is generally at a premium to that of industrial aluminium extrusion products.
During the year under review, the Group completed the plant construction of its industrial aluminium extrusion product deep- processing centre, where equipment installation is currently underway. With the full commissioning of the industrial aluminium extrusion product deep-processing centre in the second half of 2012, the Group expects to see expanded production capacity for high margin deep-processed industrial aluminium extrusion products, which will become one of the growth engines in the Group s business performance.
Aluminium flat rolled products a new project with high entry barrier and strong potential The Group announced during the year under review details of its plan to launch the business of aluminium flat rolled products.
Products proposed for development included high value-added aluminium plates, sheets and foils.
Aluminium flat rolled products are extensively applied in the aviation and aerospace, vessel, railway transportation, automobile, machinery and equipment and packaging sectors. According to a report by The Boston Consulting Group, the world s total consumption of aluminium flat rolled products will increase from approximately 15.60 million tonnes in 2009 to 28.00 million tonnes in 2020. The China market will grow at a faster pace than the world average, increasing from approximately 5.90 million tonnes in 2009 to 14.00 million tonnes in 2020, accounting for half of the world s total consumption. The room for growth is even greater for high-end products. Currently, high-end products accounted for 35% of the world s total consumption but the comparable percentage for China is only 12%, which is significantly lower than the world level. At present, China s market for high-end aluminium flat rolled products is still in an embryonic stage where demands are mainly met by imports, leaving much room for development.

Preliminary work for the Group s aluminium flat rolled project has been underway for some time. Following prudent and meticulous planning and comprehensive market survey and research, the Group is now well prepared in terms of technology, people and capital. In October 2011, the Group announced that it would invest a total of HK$29.5 billion in stages in the next three years to purchase production equipment for aluminium flat rolled products from Germany and the United States. The Group acquired industrial land site in Tianjin through auction for the construction of a production base. Meanwhile, the Group is recruiting industry technical experts from overseas as planned to enhance the building of a technical talent team. The first phase of the project with an annual capacity of 1.8 million tonnes of aluminium flat rolled products is expected to commence production in the second half of 2014, while the total planned annual capacity of 3 million tonnes will be achieved by the end of 2018. Given our Group s technological edge, staff expertise, customer sources and financial strength in the aluminium processing industry, we have full confidence in the future development of this business.

Light-weight development aimed at energy conservation, discharge reduction and low carbon emission has become a global trend. Because of its light-weight substance, strong performance in corrosion resistance, electric conduction and heat transfer and recyclability, aluminium alloy has become the unrivalled choice of materials for the purpose of reducing fuel consumption and lowering discharge. Market applications of and demand for this product are growing.
China is currently the world s largest producer of aluminium extrusion products accounting for more than 50% of global production capacity as well as volume in aluminium extrusion products. Since recent years, China s aluminium extrusion industry has made significant progress in terms of aluminium alloy smelting and casting, technological equipment, production technologies, and product development. While China is the largest consumer of aluminium extrusion products, however, its application of industrial aluminium extrusion products still lags behind developed nations such as European countries and the United States, especially in the application of high-end products. In view of this, the PRC Government issued a number of important policy documents in late 2011 and early 2012 which had strong relevance for the aluminium processing industry.
These policy documents, which include the 12th Five-Year (2011-2015) Development Plan for the Non-ferrous Metal Industry, Industrial Transformation and Upgrade Plan (2011-2015) and 12th Five-Year Development Plan for New Materials Industries, have emphasized the importance of aluminium alloy as a high-performance metal material and called for the vigorous development of key projects in aluminium alloy plates for vehicles, large-scale aluminium extrusion products for high- speed trains, medium-to-high thickness aluminium plates for aviation and aerospace industries and aluminium alloy plate materials for cryogenic equipment, highlighting the priority and importance of the development of high-end aluminium products in national policies. Our Group is well-positioned for the future golden period of development for the aluminium processing industry, as it has already implemented a development strategy for high-end industrial extrusion products and aluminum flat rolled products in perfect tandem with the directions of the PRC Government set out in the aforesaid planning documents.
The Group s development planning is in line with the overall trend of China s industrial development. Driven by favourable market conditions and national policies, the Group will focus on developing China s domestic market and sales platform to further bolster its revenue sources for industrial aluminium extrusion products while vigorously developing fine-deep-processed products to enhance the Group s profitability and provide a growth driver for the medium term. Meanwhile, the Group is advancing its aluminium flat rolled product project in full gear to foster a long-term growth driver and strengthen its leading position in the aluminium processing industry.
Last but not least, may I express, on behalf of the Board, sincere appreciation to our shareholders, customers and business partners for their long-standing support. I must also thank members of the Board and all our staff for their hard work and contribution. The Group will unswervingly implement its three core business development strategies and further improve its operating results, creating sustainable growth and returns for its shareholders.

Hong Kong, 22 March 2012 