Chairman s Statement 
During the Year under Review, the Group actively enhanced its R&D and innovations, optimized its product mix, improved its production technologies, strengthened its internal management, and as a result, further consolidated its core competitive strengths and profi tability.

On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of China Zhongwang Holdings Limited ( China Zhongwang or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I am pleased to present the Annual Report on the audited results of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2015 (the Year under Review ) for your review.
During the Year under Review, the pace of global economic recovery was slow and the overall economy was sluggish. China s economy is undergoing a stage of structural adjustments and entering a new normal phase of steady growth. Economic growth has shifted from the previous mode of quantity fi rst to the new mode of focusing on both quantity and quality, which provides unprecedented development opportunities for industries and enterprises dedicated to innovation and value creation. Aluminium fabricated products are an emerging type of environmentally friendly material and are increasingly used in a wide range of applications. As a leading aluminium product manufacturer in Asia, the Group achieved encouraging results during the Year under Review, despite the economic slowdown in China and around the world.

Driven by the strategy of focusing primarily on China and to a lesser extent on overseas , the Group continued to dedicate its efforts to the China market, and was committed to promoting the application of high-end aluminium fabricated products in sectors such as transportation, machinery and equipment and electric power engineering. During the Year under Review, the Group actively enhanced its research and development ( R&D ) as well as innovation, optimized its product mix, enhanced its production technologies, strengthened its internal management, and further consolidated its core competitive strengths and profi tability. The Group s revenue for 2015 was approximately RMB16.2 billion, basically the same as that of 2014. As the revenue contribution from high-end products increased, the overall gross margin increased by 4.9 percentage points to 32.9% year-on-year. Profi t attributable to equity shareholders increased by approximately 13.2% year-on-year to approximately RMB2.8 billion. Earnings per share increased by 13.2% year-on-year 
To reward shareholders for their support, the Board has recommended a fi nal dividend of HKD0.06 (approximately RMB0.05) per share for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2015. Together with the interim dividend of HKD0.11 (approximately RMB0.09) per share for the period ended 30 June 2015, the dividend per share for 2015 totalled HKD0.17 (approximately RMB0.14), which is equivalent to a dividend payout ratio of approximately 35.4% on a full-year basis.

Focusing on both Quality and Quantity In early 2015, the Group s key production lines were operating at full capacity. In view of this, the Group focused its sales strategy on optimizing the product mix, dedicating much efforts in promoting the R&D, manufacturing and sales of new high-end products through the year. The focus on quality over quantity has effectively resulted in sustainable and stable growth of the Group s profi tability.
Meanwhile, in light of the capacity bottleneck of the existing operation, the Group replaced or underwent technical upgrade for some equipment in accordance with actual needs, in order to improve the level of equipment automation and overall production effi ciency. On the other hand, the Group continued to introduce the necessary ancillary equipment for various production processes, including die-making, smelting and casting, extrusion, welding and machining. This has ensured that the production equipment is better aligned with the product mix, securing the production capacity needs for the future development of the Group.

As for the transportation sector, in addition to strengthening the technology and quality of the existing extrusion products and deep-processed products including vehicle components, vehicle body frame and skirtboards for high-speed trains, the Group also accelerated the R&D and related production capacity expansion for aluminium-intensive vehicles. Liaoning Zhongwang Special Vehicle Manufacturing Company Limited (the Special Vehicle Plant ), acquired by the Group during the Year under Review, is increasing its production capacity. It has obtained various licences for the production and sale of a number of aluminium-intensive commercial vehicles. The two production lines currently under construction will manufacture semi-trailers and oil tank trucks respectively . In addition, the product and process design team has successfully developed prototypes of aluminium- intensive vehicles, including buses, semi-trailers, trucks, oil tank trucks and fi re trucks that can signifi cantly improve transportation effi ciency and protect the environment by conserving energy.
They offer some of the best energy conservation and emission reduction solutions for potential customers in various industries, including freight, logistics and urban environmental protection.
As for the machinery and equipment and electric power engineering sectors, aluminium alloy has become an important material for industrial equipment. During the Year under Review, the Group jointly developed product upgrade solutions with its customers to accelerate the pace of using aluminium in lieu of steel, copper and wood in different sectors. Its diversifi ed product categories have enabled the Group to steadily develop new markets. Overseas markets with remarkable growth included the Netherlands, United Kingdom, Belgium, Germany and Japan.

Extension of the 
There was steady progress for the Group s high value-added aluminium fl at-rolled product project in Wuqing District, Tianjin. The fi rst production line of medium to heavy gauge plates in phase one will commence production gradually in stages. During the Year under Review, key production procedures and ancillary equipment of the fi rst production line including smelting and casting, hot rolling, cold rolling and fi nish rolling in succession, completed no-load and load trial runs. This marked the completion of the entire production line which will gradually enter trial production. The Group successfully produced the fi rst batch of aluminium plates and aluminium coils on its own in the second half of the Year under Review, providing valuable reference for parameter optimization in every production procedure as well as laying solid foundation for the smooth operation of the entire production line. Once fully operational, the Group s high value-added aluminium fl at-rolled product project will become the world s largest and best-equipped aluminium fl at rolling production base, providing the China and overseas markets with high quality and high value-added aluminium fl at-rolled products.
In addition, to address the increasing demand for raw material supply in the course of the Group s development, the Group invested in the construction of a high-precision aluminium and special aluminium alloy project in Yingkou City, Liaoning Province. The fi rst phase commenced production in early 2015 with a designed annual production capacity of 400,000 tonnes.

R&D and Innovation Leveraging its leading R&D capabilities in the industry, the Group actively collaborated with various parties to jointly fi ll the supply gap in China s high-end market. The Group invested approximately RMB500 million in R&D in 2015, accounting for 3.1% of the total revenue. The technology centre of the Group has been accredited a provincial post-doctoral research centre and national laboratory and has established cooperative relationships with a number of universities and scientifi c research institutions. At the end of the Year under Review, the Group became a member of the National UpstreamDownstream Cooperation Mechanism for Aluminium Aviation Products (the Cooperation Mechanism ), and made contributions to the promotion of the R&D, production and application of aluminium products in domestically manufactured civil aircraft through the collaborative innovation with upstream and downstream players. Thanks to the efforts of the R&D team, the Group s product range continued to diversify. A number of R&D results addressed the demand-supply gap in China and the industry, and steered the development of the high-end application of aluminium products in the transportation, electric power engineering, as well as machinery and equipment sectors.

On 22 March 2016, Liaoning Zhongwang Superior Fabrication Investment Limited ( Zhongwang Fabrication ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an assets transfer agreement on the sale of the total equity interests in Liaoning Zhongwang Group Company Limited ( Liaoning Zhongwang ) an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, with CRED Holding Co., Ltd. ( CRED Holding ), a company incorporated in the PRC and currently listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. If the agreement is approved by the relevant PRC regulatory authorities, including the Ministry of Commerce and China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), and by the Stock Exchange and the shareholders of the Company, and is effectively completed, the Group will be able to achieve the spin-off and listing of its aluminium extrusion business on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and to present, in a more comprehensive manner, its corporate strength and augment its corporate value with a clearer and more rational business structure supported by funding platforms in both Hong Kong and Shanghai.

The PRC government has promulgated various macro-economic policies in support of the high- end application of aluminium in the transportation, machinery and equipment and electric power engineering sectors. The Belt and Road Initiative not only promotes the development of the high-speed railway and infrastructure-related industries, but also brings long-term benefi ts to the logistics, transportation and electric power industries required for inter-region connection and communication. Made in China 2025 has promoted the innovation and transformation of the manufacturing industry in China. As one of the key industries, transportation covers such areas as aviation and aerospace, vessels, railway and new energy vehicles, where aluminium will have extensive applications. In the future, the distinctive features of aluminium alloy products will enable them to be widely used in the application of emerging areas including heavy-duty trucks, construction formworks, marine engineering, and even bridges.
In view of the markets with enormous potential, the Group will keep up its investment in R&D and maintain sustainability of its own advantages through technological advancement. The Group will push forward the aluminium fl at-rolled product project and the Special Vehicle Plant as planned while continuing to optimize the equipment and production capacity of the industrial aluminium extrusion business. In the long run, the Group will become a highly integrated enterprise with three major processing businesses, namely industrial aluminium extrusion, deep processing and aluminium fl at rolling. The synergetic development of these three major businesses will enable the Group to spearhead the industry development during the massive industrial upgrade in China.

The satisfactory results achieved in 2015 are attributable to the hard work of all our employees and the long-term trust and support of our shareholders, business partners, customers and suppliers.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all my colleagues for their dedication and efforts made. China Zhongwang will continue to focus on the development of its core business of aluminium alloy processing, provide customers with quality products and create sustainable growth and returns for shareholders.

Hong Kong, 24 March 2016 
