Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of China Zhongwang Holdings Limited, I am pleased to present the fi rst Annual Report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2009.
2009 was an important year that heralded a new milestone of the Company. The Company was successfully listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange on 8 May 2009 with proceeds raised amounted to approximately HK$9.8 billion, as a result of the eff orts of all parties involved. Investors have acknowledged the leading market position and the positive development outlooks of the Group. The successful Listing has not only promoted the upgrade of the Group s business and operation quality and the enhancement of corporate governance, but also enabled the Group to share its business results with all investors.
During the year under review, revenue of the Group was approximately RMB13,852,708,000, an increase of 23.0% from RMB11,264,429,000 for the year of 2008. Profi t attributable to shareholders of the Group was approximately RMB3,528,815,000, an increase of 84.7% from RMB1,910,438,000 for the year of 2008. Basic earnings was RMB0.72 (2008: RMB0.48) per share. In light of the satisfactory results, the Board proposed to declare a fi nal dividend of HK$0.19 (equivalent to RMB0.17) per share to fulfi l its commitments to shareholders at the time of the Company s Listing that the dividend payout ratio would be not less than 25%. In addition, as a token of appreciation for shareholders consistent support to the Company, the Board proposed to declare a special dividend of HK$0.07 (equivalent to RMB0.06) per share. Total dividend for the year therefore amounted to HK$0.26 (equivalent to RMB0.23) per share and represent an aggregate payout of 35% of the Group s profi t attributable to the shareholders for the year ended 31 
Supported by the buoyant economic growth of China, the consumption of aluminium extrusion products in China, which has been rising at a CAGR of about 25% since 2001. Hence, China has become a key factor propelling the growth of the global market. It is expected that demands for industrial aluminium extrusion products by the transportation, machinery equipment and power transmitter sectors in 2015 will increase to approximately 5,433 kilotons, at a CAGR of approximately 13% from approximately 2,637 kilotons in 2009.
In 2009, being one of the fi rst economies to step out of the global recession, the PRC economy achieved substantial growth, which further enlightened the ferocious market demand for industrial aluminium extrusion and the development potential of such market could be not easily overlooked. Capitalising on the huge market potential, the Group strived to expand its production capacity by focusing on the development of high value-added products in the transportation, machinery equipment and power transmitter sectors, and allocating more resources on our research and development eff orts. As a result, the Group recorded signifi cant growth in its sales volume and net profi t while demonstrating a strong growth momentum.

The Group is the third largest manufacturer in the world and the largest manufacturer in Asia and China in terms of production capacity with strong capabilities of research and development of high value-added aluminium extrusion products for the transportation, machinery equipment and power transmitter sectors. We particularly focus on research and development with continual innovation, hence our overall technical capability is advanced of our domestic peers. Leveraging on our strong production capacity, leading technology and advanced equipment, the Group is well-equipped to secure high value-added products, thereby advancing our penetration in the industrial aluminium extrusion market.
To enhance corporate governance, the Company has set up an audit committee, a remuneration committee, a governance committee and a strategy and development committee, prior to its Listing to consolidate and standardise corporate internal control and upgrade its risk prevention capability. In addition, as the industrial aluminium extrusion industry in which the Group is operating is a new emerging industry in China, the Company has announced its interim results, took initiatives in announcing the unaudited quarterly results, held investors meetings and organised on- site visits for investors and media from time to time in a fair, honest and responsible manner. We strived for swift and effi cient communications with investors to distribute the Group s latest information to them in a timely manner in order to increase the Group s transparency and furnish eff ective safeguards over investors interests.
In addition to the purchase of new production facilities, we are also identifying suitable opportunities for mergers and acquisitions in order to expand production capacity. As disclosed in our prospectus dated 24 April 2009 (the Prospectus ), the Group has targeted to expand its production capacity to 800 kilotons by the end of 2011. As at 31 December 2009, our production capacity was approximately 600 kilotons. On 9 February 2010, Liaoning Zhongwang Group Co., Ltd. ( Liaoning Zhongwang ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a framework agreement (the Framework Agreement ) with independent third parties to acquire 100% equity interest in Qinghai Guoxin Aluminium Industry Incorporated Company ( Qinghai Guoxin or the Target Company ), one of the largest professional manufacturers of high-precision hard industrial aluminium extrusion in the PRC (the Proposed Acquisition ). Pursuant to the Framework Agreement, the Company and its professional advisors have commenced the due diligence of financial, legal and business conditions of the Target Company subsequent to the entering of the Framework Agreement. Announcements in respect of the progress of the Proposed Acquisition will be made at the appropriate time by the Company. If the Proposed Acquisition could be completed in 2010, it is expected that the production capacity of the Group will increase by approximately 120 kilotons. At the same time, by installing additional production lines, the Group s production capacity could be expected to increase by an extra 80 kilotons. As such, the Group will be able to accelerate its plan to reach a production capacity of 800 kilotons per year by the end of 2010, which is one year ahead of our target. Accordingly, we believe that the Proposed Acquisition will drive the sustainable growth of our business, enhance our sustained competitiveness and further strengthen our global leading position in the industrial aluminium extrusion market.

The Group will continue to invest in manufacturing equipment and facilities required for producing downstream high value-added industrial aluminium extrusion products and fortify research and development eff orts, in expanding its penetration into the industrial aluminium extrusion market. With the commencement of operating the advanced large-scaled facilities, such as the 125MN oil-driven dual action extrusion compressor and the advanced smelting and casting equipment in 2009, the Group will further expand its overseas high-end industrial aluminium extrusion market. During the year under review, sales generated from export as a percentage of total sales of the Group, increased signifi cantly from approximately 3.3% in 2008 to 44.0% in 2009.
The Company s outstanding performance in 2009 is attributable to the consistent eff orts of our entire staff . I would like to express my gratitude to my fellow colleagues for their dedication, as well as our shareholders and business partners for their long-term support to our Company. We are committed in maximisation of our shareholders 
Hong Kong, 20 April 2010 