Chairman s Statement 
During the Year under Review, despite slackened global economic recovery and continuing downward pressure on China s economy, the aluminium processing industry was presented with a favourable operating environment, due in part to the Chinese government s efforts in driving structural economic reforms and promoting industry upgrade, and to the accelerated pace of the light-weight development in the global transportation sector. During the Year under Review, the Group achieved sustainable growth in line with the nation s development direction through multi-faceted progress in product research, equipment upgrading, market development and extension of the industry chain.

On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of China Zhongwang Holdings Limited ( China Zhongwang or the Company, together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I am pleased to present the annual report on the results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2014 (the Year under Review ) for your review.

During the Year under Review, despite slackened global economic recovery and continuing downward pressure on China s economy, the aluminium processing industry was presented with a favourable operating environment, due in part to the Chinese government s efforts in driving structural economic reforms and promoting industry upgrade, and to the accelerated pace of the light-weight development in the global transportation sector. During the Year under Review, the Group achieved sustainable growth in line with the nation s development direction through multi-faceted progress in product research, equipment upgrading, market development and extension of the industry chain. The Group s revenue and profi t attributable to equity shareholders during the Year under Review increased by 11.6% and 16.5% year-on- year respectively to approximately RMB15.97 billion and RMB2.48 billion.
To reward shareholders for their longstanding support, the Board has recommended a fi nal dividend of HK$ 0.08 (approximately RMB 0.06) per share for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2014. Together with an interim dividend of HK$0.08 (approximately RMB0.06) per share for the period ended 30 June 2014, the total dividend payout ratio for 2014 would amount to approximately 36.2%.

Three Core Businesses 
2014 was the year that saw China Zhongwang build on its strength and forge ahead with new undertakings. The Group continued to focus on expanding its three core businesses: industrial aluminium extrusion , deep process ing and aluminium fl at rolling. During the Year under Review, the Group continued to leverage its combined strengths in respect of research and development, alloy smelting and casting, die design and development, and advanced extrusion equipment, particularly its technical and capacity advantages in the manufacturing of sophisticated large-section industrial aluminium extrusion products, in its effort to drive the high-end development of its industrial aluminium extrusion business. These initiatives yielded stable growth in product sales and profi tability.
As for the deep processing business, while strengthening the existing product portfolio, the Group stepped up its work in product R&D and design to tap into new end-markets for aluminium alloy products. The newly established product and process design team had provided customized light-weight solutions for a number of downstream customers. Certain newly developed products had been delivered to customers for testing and inspection, with expectation of commercial orders for those products in the coming year. In addition, the Group accelerated the development of aluminium-intensive commercial vehicles and the related capacity building in order to embrace the rapid growth that will soon emerge in this market segment in China.
The Group continued to actively advance the construction of its high value-added aluminium fl at rolled product project. During the Year under Review, plant and infrastructure construction for the fi rst production line of Phase I of the project was completed. Equipment installation and testing is now underway and trial operation will be carried out immediately upon completion of installation and testing.

China is a major aluminium processing country and ranks the fi rst in the world in terms of both annual production capacity and consumption. As China intensifi es its efforts in reducing air pollution and raising the awareness of energy conservation, emission reduction and environmental protection, market demand for aluminium products is expected to rise considerably. In recent years, the Group has worked vigorously to develop the China market.
While strengthening partnerships with existing customers and jointly developing with them high-end aluminium extrusion products tailored to their needs, the Group has increased its marketing efforts to secure new customers, thereby capitalizing on the rising opportunities in the China market.
As far as overseas markets are concerned, notwithstanding the various forms of trade restrictions in the US, Canada, Australia and other countries against imports of Chinese aluminium extrusion products, which adversely affect Chinese enterprises on their international expansion paths, the Group has never ceased its efforts in developing overseas markets. During the Year under Review, as part of our drive to tap overseas markets outside the US, we set up subsidiaries in Japan and Germany respectively. The new subsidiaries will focus on developing the aluminium product market in relevant countries, laying the foundation for the Group s long-term growth. During the Year under Review, export sales of the Group, driven by rise in deep-processed product sales, increased by 26.9% year-on-year to approximately RMB2.18 billion. The share of the overseas markets in the total revenue mix rose slightly to 13.6%.

Technology and Product Research and Development 
During the Year under Review, the Group continued to strengthen its internal R&D capabilities, broaden exchanges and cooperation with external institutions, and integrate fundamental research with market trend analysis to effectively enhance its overall competitiveness.
During the Year under Review, the Group participated in the drafting andor amendment of six national industry standards, two of which were headed by the Group and four with the Group s active participation in the process. It also won fi ve science and technology awards at or above provincial level, obtained the national, provincial or municipal authorities approvals for seven science and technology projects and was granted more than 20 patents.
In addition, to further promote downstream applications of aluminium alloys and develop the market for fabricated aluminium products, the Group set up in early 2014 a designated product and process design team made up of fi rst-rate industry experts. The team assists existing and new customers in gaining in-depth knowledge about the properties and strengths of aluminium alloy products and provides them with customized light-weight solutions based on aluminium alloy applications. During the Year under Review, the product and process design team provided a number of light-weight solutions including aluminium-body designs for new types of electric buses to multiple customers. It has become an important force of the Group to explore new product application markets and winning new customers.

In recent years, China has invested heavily in industry upgrades and has introduced, towards the objective of securing steady growth, pursuing structural change, and benefi tting the people , successive moderate stimulus policies that cover, amongst others, many downstream sectors closely related to aluminium processing, such as the new generation of railway transportation, land transportation, wind power generation, photovoltaic power generation, as well as other clean energy and infrastructure projects. Moreover, China s continuous push for new urbanization plans, together with the implementation of its high- speed rail diplomacy and One belt, One road strategy, will further drive up China s demand for aluminium alloy products.
Against the backdrop of these development opportunities in the industry, the Group will spare no efforts in advancing the synergistic development of its three core businesses, strengthen its fundamental research and development capabilities in alloy and processing technologies, improve the technology design capabilities for new products, promote downstream applications of aluminium alloys and accelerate the related capacity building to be the fi rst to seize upon those market opportunities.
In 2015, two large extrusion presses of 225 MN ordered by the Group, the largest in the world, will be ready for installation and testing. Once the equipment becomes operational, the Group s competitiveness in the production of large and ultra large high-precision industrial aluminium extrusion products will be further strengthened.
As for the deep processing business, the Group will focus on developing new potential markets for deep-processed products and is building up its production capacity, talent pool and technology reserves to satisfy the expected rapid growth of market demands.
We are presently working at full throttle on equipment installation and testing for the fi rst production line of phase I of our high value-added aluminium fl at rolled product project, to be immediately followed by trial operation. Measures taken by the Chinese government to actively promote energy effi ciency, energy reservation and emission reduction have provided great potentials for the growth of the target market for our high value-added aluminium fl at rolled product project. The commencement of operation of the project will complete the Group s industry chain and gradually reverse the current situation in China s high-end aluminium plate and sheet sector of prolonged reliance on imports to satisfy domestic demands as a result of serious lack of commercial capacity.

The achievements and progress of the Group in the Year under Review are attributable to the hard work of all employees and the long-term trust and support of all shareholders and business partners. On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all my colleagues for their dedicated hard work, and shareholders and business partners for their longstanding trust and support. Growing together, we will continue to join forces in building China Zhongwang into the world s most competitive integrated developer and manufacturer of high-end aluminium products while striving to deliver better returns to our shareholders and serve the society in greater capacities.

Hong Kong, 17 March 2015 
