Chairman s Statement 
During the Year under Review, the Group made sound progress in market expansion, product development, technology research and development and industry outreach. We are pleased to report continued stable growth in the operating results of 2013, thanks to economies of scale arising from the expansion of our production capacity for industrial aluminium extrusion products, higher order volumes resulting from dedicated efforts to expand the PRC market, and new revenue sources generated from the commissioning of the new deep-processing centre for industrial aluminium extrusion products.

On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of China Zhongwang Holdings Limited ( China Zhongwang or the Company, together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I am pleased to present the annual report on the results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2013 (the Year under Review ) for your review.
Reinforcing fundamentals to foster competitive strengths on all fronts In 2013, China Zhongwang continued to reinforce its fundamental strengths and enhance its competitiveness. While the overall business environment was challenging given slow economic recovery in Europe and America and slackened growth in China, ongoing enhancements in industrial upgrades and environmental policies under China s 12th Five- Year Plan during the Year under Review as part of the nation s effort to transform its economic model in pursuit of sustainable development, to the benefit of the aluminium processing industry, have driven its demand for high value-added industrial aluminium extrusion products. Leveraging opportunities in the market, the Group continued to advance the development of its three principal businesses, namely, industrial aluminium extrusion products, deep- processed industrial aluminium extrusion products and aluminium flat rolled products, in a bid to enhance its long-term 
During the Year under Review, the Group made sound progress in market expansion, product development, technology research and development and industry outreach. We are pleased to report continued stable growth in the operating results of 2013, thanks to economies of scale arising from the expansion of our production capacity for industrial aluminium extrusion products, higher order volumes resulting from dedicated efforts to expand the PRC market, and new revenue sources generated from the commissioning of the new deep-processing centre for industrial aluminium extrusion 
" Revenue and profit attributable to equity shareholders amounted to approximately RMB14.31 billion (2012: approximately RMB13.50 billion) and RMB2.13 billion (2012: approximately RMB1.81 billion), a year-on-year growth of 6.0% and 17.7%, respectively; " Gross profit margin increased by 2.6 percentage points to 26.8% year-on-year, thanks to the upgrade of our product mix and effective cost control measures; " Net cash from operating activities grew 500.3% year-on-year to approximately RMB3.78 billion (2012: approximately RMB630 million). As at 31 December 2013, the Group s bank balances and cash amounted to approximately RMB10.89 billion (31 December 2012: approximately RMB9.56 billion); " Sales volume of aluminium extrusion products increased by 17.5% year-on-year to approximately 653,000 tones; " High value-added deep-processed industrial aluminium extrusion products boosted our exports business as export sales volume substantially increased by 96.5% year-on-year to approximately 62,000 tonnes (2012: approximately 31,000 tonnes), while export sales grew significantly by 52.1% to approximately RMB1.72 billion (2012: approximately RMB1.13 billion) to account for 12.0% (2012: 8.4%) of our total sales.
In addition, the Company launched an open offer of ordinary shares andor unlisted convertible preference shares in November 2013 on the basis of 3 new ordinary shares andor unlisted convertible preference shares for every 10 existing ordinary shares held by qualifying shareholders and successfully raised approximately HK$4.23 billion. All proceeds will be applied for the construction and development of the Group s project for aluminium flat rolled products in 
To reward shareholders longstanding and strong support for the Company, the Board has recommended a final dividend of HK$0.13 (approximately RMB0.10) per share for the financial year ended 31 December 2013.

Industrial aluminium extrusion products achieving growth in capacity and sales volume as planned During the Year under Review, sales volume of industrial aluminium extrusion products increased by 12.4% year-on- year to approximately 547,000 tonnes, as we completed the installation and testing of eight large-tonnage aluminium extrusion presses. The expansion of China Zhongwang s production capacity for aluminium extrusion products plays an important role in its development. Industrial aluminium extrusion products provide not only stable and reliable revenue sources and cash flow for the Group, but also safeguard for the smooth rolling out of the Group s deep-processed industrial aluminium extrusion product and aluminium flat rolled product projects in terms of technology accumulation, talent reserves, customer base and sales channels.
As at 31 December 2013, the Group owned 93 extrusion lines with an annual production capacity of over one million tonnes, comprising 21 large-tonnage extrusion presses of 75MN or above, among which four were world-advanced 125MN presses. The Group has also ordered two 225MN horizontal single-action aluminium extrusion presses, which are the world s largest extrusion presses and will gradually commence operation in 2015. These additional production facilities have effectively enhanced the quality and production efficiency in respect of large-section industrial aluminium extrusion products and extended our advantage in economies of scale.
Deep-processed products new achievements in sight on the back of significant 
The Group s deep-processing centre passed the building safety inspection upon completion in 2013. It is capable of manufacturing a variety of large-sized deep-processed products, which are technically more advanced and therefore command higher selling prices and gross profits than industrial aluminium extrusion products. The development of the deep-processing business will not only foster a new niche for profit growth for the Company, but also further enhance the Company s technological level and competitiveness. The Group deep-processing business reported significant development during the Year under Review, underpinned by substantial growth in the sales of deep-processed products in terms of volume and revenue. Meanwhile, the Group s deep-processing centre successfully developed a range of new products with enormous market potentials in tandem with the light-weight development trend in transportation sector, such as aluminium fire trucks, garbage trucks, high-speed train carriage bodies suitable for alpine cold regions and semi- trailers, providing a solid foundation for future development of the Group s deep-processing business.
Aluminium flat rolled product business progressing as scheduled to strengthen foundation for future growth The Group started the preliminary stage of plant infrastructure construction and overseas talent recruitment for the aluminium flat rolled product project during the Year under Review, as it continued to advance the project as planned.
Machines for aluminium flat rolled products to be imported from Germany, the United States and other countries will be delivered and installed in different stages in 2014. The Group s aluminium flat rolled product plant, located in Wuqing District, Tianjin, will become, upon completion of construction, an aluminium flat rolled product manufacturing base with the world s most advanced flat rolling equipment supported by the world s most comprehensive set of ancillary facilities.
The Group plans to provide high value-added aluminium sheet, plate and foil products for industrial sectors with stringent technological requirements, such as aviation and aerospace, rail transportation, automobiles, food and pharmaceutical packaging, chemical containers and engineering equipment. Phase I of the project is expected to gradually commence operation in 2015 with an annual production capacity of 1.8 million tonnes. Aggregate annual capacity will be increased to 3 million tonnes when Phase II is completed in 2018.
Technology research and development enhancing overall strengths with continuous increase in input During the Year under Review, the Group continued to commit more efforts to research and development. While strengthening the research and development ability of its in-house teams, the Group also expanded its cooperation in scientific research with top research institutes of various industries and institutes of higher learning in China, with a view to improving its overall strengths on all fronts from production processes to new product development, etc. During 
the Year under Review, three of the Group s research projects were selected for inclusion in the National Advanced Technology Research & Development Programme (the 863 Programme ), List of National Strategic Product Innovation Projects and the Project for Foundation Enhancement Through Industrial Transformation & Upgrade, respectively. The Group also received multiple awards for technological progress and innovation at municipal, provincial and national levels, as well as the granting of more than 30 patents. Moreover, Liaoning Zhongwang Group Company Limited ( Liaoning Zhongwang ), the Group s principle operating entity in PRC, was recognised as a high and new technology enterprise in November 2013, entitling it to the enjoyment of preferential policy on corporate income tax rate for three years starting from the Year under Review, during which the applicable corporate income tax rate will be reduced from 25% to 15%.
Environmental protection towards sustainable development As the largest manufacturer of industrial aluminium extrusion products in China, we have proactively undertaken social responsibilities in environmental protection by strengthening management over energy conservation, reduction in consumption and emission in our production processes, seeking to make contributions to the sustainable development of the Company and the society in general. During the Year under Review, the Group implemented the Diesel to Natural Gas Project for the homogenising furnaces in its smelting and casting plants. Through technological upgrades and stringent control, more significant results in energy conservation and emission reduction have been achieved.
Outlook leveraging development opportunities on the back of internal strengths and 
Looking to the future, green economy is becoming a global trend. In recent years, major Chinese cities have been suffering from widespread smog pollution, of which one source is tail-pipe emission from vehicles. Therefore, energy conservation and environmental protection constitute important strategies for China s national development. With its light weight and strong tensility, aluminium is regarded as an effective metal for facilitating light-weight development in the transportation sector. Currently, aluminium alloy is being widely used in the United States, Japan, Germany and other countries to provide light-weight vehicles in transportation and to fulfill requirements in environmental protection, energy conservation and efficiency enhancement. Increased application of aluminium has become a dominant trend in the 
In line with its call for the optimisation of industrial structures, China s 12th Five-Year Plan also supports faster applications of new technologies, materials and equipment by enterprises, so that they may enhance their market competitiveness. As the government continues to implement its national industrial policies and promote urbanisation, rapid development in sectors such as infrastructure construction, transportation, equipment manufacturing, electric car manufacturing and new energies will drive sustained growth of aluminium consumption, and the Group will continue to benefit from growth in the downstream sectors.
Greeted by opportunities arising from operations in environmental protection and economic transformation, China Zhongwang will continue to develop its business in industrial aluminium extrusion products, which will be complemented by high value-added deep-processed products for a more diverse range of product supply. Meanwhile, we will also make strategic inroads in aluminium flat rolled products. As we steadily march ahead with the development of our three principal businesses, we will work relentlessly to enhance our operating efficiency and management standards in our bid to build the Group into the world s top developer and manufacturer of high-end processed aluminium products.
Last but not least, may I express, on behalf of the Board, sincere appreciation to our shareholders, customers and business partners for their longstanding support. I would also like to avail myself of this opportunity to give special thanks to all my colleagues for their hard work and outstanding contribution over the past year to the sustained development of our Group. We will continue to strive to deliver better returns to our shareholders and serve the society in greater capacities by working on our own strengths and seizing upon market opportunities.

Hong Kong, 27 March 2014 
