Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of China Zhongwang Holdings Limited, I present the Annual Report on the Results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2010 for your review.
2010 was a year of development, accompanied by challenges, for the Group. During the year past, the Group continued to drive with vigorous eff orts its strategic transformation to high value-added industrial aluminium extrusion products, which contributed as much as 99.6% of the Group s gross profi t for the current period. On the other hand, the Group s export business was subject to the adverse impact of the anti-dumping and countervailing duties investigations by the United States during the year. In response, the Group stepped up its eff orts to develop China s domestic market while launching, in an orderly fashion, its high value-added industrial aluminium extrusion fi nished products. A number of well-known domestic Chinese enterprises have become our key customers. At the same time, the Group further improved its industry development strategy for the market of high value-added processed aluminium products. While continuing to enhance our overall competitive strengths in industrial aluminium extrusion products, we are studying the feasibility of developing high value-added aluminium fl at rolled products and drawing up the execution plans, with a view to laying a solid foundation for growth in the longer term.

For the year under review, revenue of the Group decreased by 24.0% to RMB10,521,948,000 (2009: RMB13,852,708,000) and profi t attributable to shareholders decreased by 26.4% to RMB2,595,867,000 (2009: 
RMB3,528,815,000). The decreases were due to the reduced proportion of the sales of construction aluminium extrusion products in the Group s total as a result of our strategic transformation towards industrial aluminium extrusion products and the decline of our export sales during the second half of the year. Basic earnings per share was RMB0.48 (2009: RMB0.72). To reward shareholders for their support, the Board proposed to declare a fi nal dividend of RMB0.19 per share or RMB1,038,347,000 in aggregate, which represents a dividend payout ratio of 40%.

In 2010, the Group continued to implement the strategy of shifting its focus to industrial aluminium extrusion products and was committed to light-weight development in the transportation, machinery equipment and electric power engineering sectors which is aimed at reducing energy consumption and achieving low carbon emission.
As a result, contribution from construction aluminium extrusion products, which commanded lower margins, was signifi cantly reduced as a percentage of our total revenue. Meanwhile, the Group carried out capacity optimization as planned to cater to the development of high-end large-section products. In this connection, capacity expansion principally made up of large-scale equipment is currently in progress. In addition to the largest and most advanced 125MN oil-driven dual action extrusion press currently operating in the world, we have also built a world-class aluminium smelting facility and Asia s largest die design and manufacturing centre for special industrial aluminium extrusion products, putting us in a world-leading position in terms of product research and die development.
Comprehensive technological upgrades have enabled the Group to meet increasing global demand for various types of high-end industrial aluminium extrusion products.
Challenges and Opportunities in the Market China is the largest and fastest-growing consumer of aluminium extrusion products in the world. The Chinese market, which has seen strong growth of approximately 24% per annum over the last fi ve years, has become the dominant driving force for growth in global market. Demand for high-end industrial aluminium extrusion products has been growing steadily in the transportation, machinery equipment and electric power engineering sectors, presenting enormous opportunities for market development. The application of industrial aluminium extrusion products in the transportation, machinery equipment and electric powering engineering sectors was further broadened under the environmental policies of China and the rest of the world which called for reduction in energy consumption and carbon emission, with signifi cant growth reported for certain market sub-segments. Exports of China s aluminium extrusion industry suff ered a setback in 2010 when the United States, the world s second largest consumer of aluminium extrusion products, commenced anti-dumping and countervailing duties investigations in respect of certain aluminium extrusion products exported from China. Overall exports of aluminium extrusion products declined as a result. We took an objective approach towards the temporary policy changes in some of our export markets and pressed ahead, in an active yet sound manner, with the set strategy of the Group for industry development. We stepped up, on the one hand, our eff orts to develop the domestic market in China while seeking to foster, on the other hand, new business growth engines by extending our industrial chain and making diligent eff orts to launch high value-added processed aluminium fi nished products.

High Value-added Aluminium Flat Rolled Product Business Aluminium fl at rolled products mainly consist of aluminium plate, sheet and foil. The markets for aluminium medium- to-high thickness plates, electronic and electrode foils and lithographic sheets, in particular, hold out broad prospects for development with rapid growth and high gross profi t margins.
The Group s diversifi cation into the aluminium fl at rolled product segment is favourably supported by its solid customer base developed over the years on the back of its overall competitive edge in the production of high-end large-section industrial aluminium extrusion products, as most of the customers for industrial aluminium extrusion products tend to have substantial demands for aluminium fl at rolled products as well. High value-added aluminium fl at rolled products are principally applied in sectors such as aviation and aerospace, vessels, railway transportation, automobiles, machinery equipment, packaging and electronics. Entry into the business of aluminium fl at rolled products, a new product segment of the Group s development plan, will not only enable the Group to further capitalize on its leading edge in aluminium alloy smelting and casting and product research, but will also help foster profi t growth engines with synergies created through the matching of its customers and market resources in related downstream application sectors with its existing products and markets. Having inspected a number of locations in China in search of the most suitable site for plant construction for this project, the Group has tentatively decided to build the project for high value-added aluminium fl at rolled products in Liaoyang City, Liaoning Province.

With light-weight development underpinned by reduction in energy consumption and carbon emission and vigorously promoted in various industrial sectors in China and the rest of the world, we expect increasingly extensive application of processed aluminium products in various industries and sectors and look forward with full confi dence to the enormous development potential in China s processed aluminium industry. It is true that after registering high growth for several years in a row, the Group experienced a decline in results for 2010 because of changes in the policies and laws of our export markets. We need time to mitigate the temporary impact we have suff ered. But my colleagues and I are all the more confi dent about our Group s industry development strategy, and are convinced that the completion of these initiatives in business repositioning and the commencement of the new business will take our Group to new horizons for greater shareholders value.
We owe our ongoing development to the supportive eff orts of various parties. On behalf of the board of directors, I would like to hereby express sincere gratitude to our shareholders and investors for their concern and support.
Profound gratitude is owed in particular to all our staff for their dedicated eff orts throughout the year. My colleagues and I will forge ahead with determination towards building China Zhongwang into the world s top developer and manufacturer of high-end processed aluminium products.

Hong Kong, 10 March 2011 