Hua Hong Semiconductor Limited was listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 15 October 2014 Mr. Wenbiao Fu, Chairman of the Board and Executive Director (right) and Mr. Takayuki Morita, Non-Executive Director 
Letter to Shareholders 
Thanks to your trust and support, Hua Hong Semiconductor Limited was successfully listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in October 2014. We are pleased to report the operating results of the Company for the year. With its continued focus on market development at home and abroad, the Company was successful in improving these results dramatically.
As of the end of 2014, the Company had already experienced 16 consecutive profitable quarters and achieved a record high in both sales revenue and gross margin. In particular, the sales of US$665 million represented a year-on- year increase of 13.7%. The gross margin reached 29.8%, up 8.3 percentage points from the previous year, and the net profit reached US$93 million, a year-on-year increase of 50.5%.
In 2014, the Company s annual wafer output increased by 15.3% as compared with 2013, with an average capacity utilization rate of 93.5% and an overall production yield of 99.2%. We ended 2014 with a total monthly processing capacity of 129,000 8-inch wafers from our three 200mm fabs in Shanghai. This production capacity will be further increased step by step to a total monthly capacity of about 139,000 by the end of 2015.
At the same time, the Company s shipment of chips for smart cards reached 3.14 billion pieces, of which 2.66 billion chips were for SIM cards, accounting for approximately 50% of the global market share. As the world s largest 200mm wafer foundry for power discretes, our accumulative shipments exceeded 3.4 million wafers. In addition, the Company has also achieved outstanding performance in light-emitting diode (LED) lighting, smart meters, communications and automotive. We serve customers from Greater China, Japan, Europe and North America.
In technology research and development, we have an extensive and highly competitive technology platform spanning the 1m to 90nm technology nodes, strategically focused on the advanced geometries of 0.13m, 0.11m and 90nm.
Our technology platform covers embedded non-volatile memory, power discretes, radio frequency, analog and mixed signal, and power management integrated circuits (ICs). We are also developing various micro-electromechanical systems (MEMS) solutions on an ongoing basis for these high-growth markets.
In 2015, based on the foundation of our smart card business reaching another record high, we will significantly increase our banking IC business, another high-growth opportunity. Through close cooperation with our long-term technology partners, who are also our best clients, the Company will improve product competitiveness in all our endeavors and provide a green platform to manufacture chips with lower power consumption, higher efficiency and smaller size. We aim to seize high-margin and high-growth opportunities, in particular applications that promote global technology development, including the Internet of Things and automotive electronics. We sincerely hope that you will continue to lend us your valued support.
In conclusion, we would like to express our highest respect and deepest gratitude to you.
Mr. Wenbiao Fu Mr. Yu Wang Chairman and Executive Director President and Executive Director 
24 March 2015 
