LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Shareholders,
The growth of the global semiconductor market continued 2016, In particular, China’s integrated circuit industry
exhibited especially rapid expansion, driven by thriving markets, the availability of capital and favorable government
policy. Hua Hong Semiconductor improved performance by successfully exploiting the resulting opportunities, and
achieved record results with the support and relentless attention of all shareholders, as well as the achievements of all
Group employees.
In terms of performance and accomplishments, our revenue and net profit reached record levels. Revenue grew to
US$721 million, an increase of 11% over 2015. Gross margin was 30.5% and net profit reached US$129 million, an
increase of 14.5% over 2015. The Group has been profitable for 24 consecutive quarters. Regarding capacity, we
brought the output of the three fabs up to a record high, exceeding our annual expansion target, reaching a total
capacity of 155,000 wafers per month.
With respect to breakthrough and innovation, we strengthened R&D in multiple fields such as embedded Non-Volatile
Memory (eNVM), power discrete, RF, analog and mixed signal and power management integrated circuits (IC). The
Company reaped double harvests in both technological achievements and patent grants. For example, our bank
card security chip, which we jointly developed and produced together with our customers, earned the chip security
authentication of EMVCo, certification of Common Criteria EAL5+, and the MasterCard Card Quality Management
(CQM) certificate. And in creation of intellectual property, we’ve joined – as the only semiconductor company – the elite
group of the top ten mainland Chinese enterprises with the highest number of invention patents granted.
Our strategy of cooperation and win-win, based on our rich process and technology offerings, powerful design
capabilities and excellent customer service, earned us the accolade “Most Recognized Foundry” as a part of the 2016
Greater China IC Design Awards, organized by EETimes China. The fact that we are the only wafer foundry to win such
an award significantly enhances our brand recognition and influence. We accelerated implementation of our strategic
landscape and gave prominence to key sectors like financial IC cards, Micro Controller Units (MCU), LED lighting,
new energy automobiles and the Internet of Things. Much of this was done in cooperation with and in response to
customers, which has laid a solid foundation for the future success of the Group.
Looking ahead to 2017, based on the government initiatives “Made in China 2025” and “Internet+”, China’s
semiconductor industry will enter an era of golden development that will provide more space and more opportunities
for the Group. Benefitting from the stimulus of the semiconductor industry by the Chinese government and “Mass
Entrepreneurship and Innovation”, the number, size and revenue of IC design enterprises in China have grown very
rapidly, and especially design houses that focus on the communication, consumer and multi-media electronics
markets have achieved the highest sales figures. Additionally, as new-energy automobiles develop, the demand for
semiconductors in the automobile industry will grow extensively, particularly for MCU and power discrete products. We
will directly benefit from these trends and emerging opportunities as we have an excellent competitive advantage due
to our long track record of success in these applications.
Opportunity belongs to a prepared pacesetter. As a leader in China’s semiconductor industry, we’ll maintain
sustainable innovation of our differentiated process technologies, and expand our worldwide leading position in eNVM,
power discrete and power management. We will focus on increased market share, lean management, cost control,
efficiency, safety, energy conservation and low emissions. The Company will comprehensively strengthen product,
service, quality, supply chain and manufacturing operations. We will continue to expand our share of the China
market while maintaining a balanced global presence. We will remain a high-technology, high-growth and high-profit
enterprise.
We hereby report our achievements in 2016 to our respected shareholders. We genuinely express our sincere gratitude
and best wishes to all of you. We’re counting on your continued exceptional support. We’ll stay true to our mission and
diligently strive to create more value for you.
As a Chinese proverb says, reaching extended goals requires overcoming resistance and persistent forward progress.
We strongly believe the best times are still ahead of us.
Mr. Suxin Zhang Mr. Yu Wang
Chairman and Executive Director President and Executive Director
Hong Kong
28 March 2017