Letter to Shareholders 
Last year was a year of challenges but also opportunities for us to meet them with courage and integrity. Thanks to your continued support, we executed capacity expansion, drove increased innovation, strengthened financial management and concentrated on control and prevention of risk.
Due to our strong balance sheet, solid operating plan, the unending efforts of our entire workforce and the support of our customers, the Company s operating result was hard won against weakened demand for products in some of our business segments in the fourth quarter.
The gross profit margin grew to 31%, an increase of 1.2 percentage points from 2014, on sales revenue of US$650.1 million. Net profit amounted to US$112.5 million, representing an increase of 20.9% from the previous year. In addition, the debt to assets ratio of the Company continued declining to 22%, down by 4.4 percentage points.
As of 31 December 2015, the Company has had 20 consecutive profitable quarters. This was achieved by skillful allocation of resources to maintain stability and a strategy of sustainable growth leveraging our unique R&D and manufacturing expertise to successfully explore new sources of profit.
The Company successfully completed its annual expansion target on schedule, finishing the year with a total capacity of 146,000 wafers per month, representing an increase of 13.2% over 2014. With production expansion in full swing, manufacturing stability was maintained throughout the year with special attention to product mix and equipment performance. The annual output capacity amounted to 1.469 million wafers, representing an increase of 3.5% from 2014. As a highlight of the year, Fab 2, dedicated to power devices, reported an output of 50,000 wafers in a single month, a new record.
We strengthened our leading position in embedded non-volatile memory, especially for smart cards and MCUs, power discrete, power management and sensors. The Company successfully rolled out its 0.11m Ultra-Low-Leakage ( ULL ) embedded flash memory platform, which supports integrated RF-CMOS and represents one of the best solutions to MCU applications in the Internet of Things.
The 90nm eFlasheEEPROM process platform began manufacturing ICs for next generation smart cards, including secure financial cards. The prospects for this advanced technology are very promising. As for discretes, we focused on emerging applications and implemented next generation super junction MOSFET and IGBT with better performance.
Our more advanced Ultra High Voltage ( UHV ) 700V BCD technology provides LED lighting applications with solutions that require less energy consumption at lower costs.
Amid an increasing demand for ICs for emerging green energy, the Internet of Things and automotive electronics, we will offer a green IC manufacturing platform that has low energy consumption and high performance efficiency in smaller dimensions. We will take full advantage of these growing market opportunities, expand strategically, maintain and improve our key differentiators, all supporting profitable growth and maintaining our competitiveness in the 200mm wafer foundry industry.
One of the economic targets of the present Chinese government s 13th Five-Year Plan (2016-2020) is to have the Chinese semiconductor industry be among the leaders in the global economy. The Company shall strive to be a significant contributor to the achievement of this goal and, at the same time, work to realize benefits from the ongoing support of the government for our industry.

We will also continue shouldering corporate social responsibility, including energy conservation and environmental protection, and implement practical measures to reduce waste and conserve energy.
The Company was honored with many awards last year, including Top 50 Innovative Enterprises in Chinese Electronics Information Industry (-N WP[OoLmiuReRNAS7_Omi), China Top Ten Semiconductor Manufacturers (-N WAS'YJS Omi), and the Golden Ant Award of National Golden Card Project ( W[aS] zNs). In consideration of their significant achievements in terms of quality and performance management, the management of the Company were named Shanghai Magnolia Quality Contributors ( 
Our slogan for 2016 year is Smart IoT and Green Innovation .
We look forward to a successful year for our stakeholders.
Mr. Suxin Zhang Mr. Yu Wang Chairman and Executive Director President and Executive Director 
22 March 2016 
