Chairman s Statement 
To all shareholders, It is my pleasure to present on behalf of the board ( Board ) of directors ( Directors , each as a Director ) of China Hongqiao Group Limited ( the Company or China Hongqiao ) the audited consolidated annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2014 (the Year or the Period under 
READY TO SURGE INTO THE FUTURE During the Year, the US economy continued its upward trend bringing with it a momentum of recovery in global economy.
Taking the advantage of the increase in market demand and the acceleration of industry integration, China s aluminum industry began to shake its plight in the Year and moved toward a benign development track of balanced supply and 
Starting from 12 January 2014, the Republic of Indonesia ( Indonesia ) had completely prohibited the export of 65 kinds of raw ore materials including bauxite, causing a rise in the cost of raw materials for most of the aluminum products manufacturers in China. Meanwhile, the low volatility of the aluminum price during the Year will expedite the elimination of backward production capacity in the PRC market and facilitate the transformation and upgrade of the aluminum industry in 
Taking advantage of the thawing of the aluminum market, the Group, through positive and improved development strategies, achieved remarkable results. In the Period under Review, the Group continued to broaden its financing channels and optimize its financial structure; actively procure overseas supply channels for raw materials in order to 
ensure a long-term and stable supply of bauxite, strengthen the production cluster model of aluminum production in Shandong Province in China, implement a cross-over development in its business pattern, and accelerate the promotion of the industrial models of Integration of Aluminum, Electricity and Grid and Integration of Upstream and Downstream Business . These in turn enhanced the improvement and upgrading of the Group s production chain.
RESULTS AND PERFORMANCE During the Period under Review, the Group continued to expand its production capacity steadily, to build further on its strengths and achieved breakthrough in the development in various respects. As of 31 December 2014, the Group s aggregate annual designed production capacity of aluminum products reached approximately 4,026,000 tons through establishment and acquisition (as of 31 December 2013: approximately 2,956,000 tons), representing an increase of approximately 36.2% in production capacity when compared to the same period in 2013, and the Group further expanded its production scale.
During the Period under Review, the Group s revenue amounted to approximately RMB36,085,800,000, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 22.7%. Gross profit amounted to approximately RMB9,296,468,000, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 14.2%. Net profit attributed to owners of the Company amounted to approximately RMB5,313,632,000, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 5.0%. Basic earnings per share were approximately RMB0.89 (2013: approximately RMB0.95). The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$28.0 cents per share for the year 2014 (2013: HK$27.0 cents).

A PROMISING FUTURE: DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITIES FOR THE PRC ALUMINUM 
During the Period under Review, as the recovery of the global economy pushed up the demand for aluminum products, coupled with the shortage in supply of bauxite, aluminum price has rebounded since the end of the first quarter and reached its peak in the third quarter of the year of 2014. Even though the price of aluminum was affected by fluctuations in the external market in the forth quarter, with the demand for aluminum products continued to increasing vigorously, matching the expeditious integration of the industry, it was expected that aluminum price would resume its steadily upward track.
During the Year, PRC government closed down a total of approximately 3,350,000 tons of aluminum smelting production capacity (source: Antaike), a figure much greater than the target of eliminating approximately 480,000 tons of aluminum smelting backward production capacity in 2014 as promulgated by the PRC Ministry of Industry and Information 
Meanwhile, through exchange of production capacity, many domestic aluminum manufacturers with backward production capacity in regions such as Henan Province and Shandong Province in China has gradually moved towards the Northwest regions. Although new production capacity was continuously being released in regions like Xinjiang and Inner Mongolia, as the process was accompanied by the closing down of backward production capacity, the actual net growth of aluminum products production capacity in the country has begun to decline. Within the industry, speeding up of integration of industry clusters may continue to lead the aluminum market forward onto a healthy track of sustainable development.
In the downstream business, the implementation of the PRC government s One Belt, One Road strategy would boost the construction of infrastructure in China and countries along the routes. This brings to China s aluminum industry business opportunity that has tremendous potential. Moreover, with the global trend of developing lightweight vehicles, it is expected that the quantity of aluminum for use in vehicles will continue to rise, which is another spotlight in the growth of the aluminum industry. Municipal transports construction, electronic industry, machinery manufacturing, military industry and construction of affordable housing will help to maintain a steady growth in the consumption of aluminum products in China.
SOLID FOUNDATION FOR THE GROUP S LONG-TERM GROWTH In the Period under Review, the Group not only made progress in expanding its industry production cluster, but also laid a solid foundation for securing the long-term and stable growth through arrangements in procuring raw materials from 
During the Year, the Group recorded significant achievement in its overseas business. The first phase of the Group s alumina production joint venture set up in Indonesia with an designed annual production capacity of 1,000,000 tons of alumina will commence production in the end of 2015. By then, the Group s self-supplied alumina ratio will be further raised. Besides, the Group expanded the procurement channels of bauxite in places including Commonwealth of Australia, Republic of India and Federation of Malaysia, ensuring the continuous stable pricing and supply of bauxite in the coming few years and the Group will forward with the bauxite mining project in Guinea, Africa. The advantage of steady supply of raw materials will be further consolidated.
As the overseas procurement channels becoming more stable, the Group has been gradually absorbing its original bauxite inventory. With the Group s elaborate arrangements overseas, a steady supply of raw materials reduced to a large extent the fluctuation in price and the latent risks caused by fluctuations in supply and demand of raw materials, thus laying a solid ground for the long-term healthy and steady growth of the Group.

During the Year, the Group successfully engaged in several financing activities. It issued senior notes of US$400,000,000 and US$300,000,000, respectively, and issued 275,880,000 new shares by means of top-up placing, which further optimized the Group s financial structure.
Moreover, for two consecutive years, the Company was named as one of the Asia s Fab 50 in the Asia-Pacific Region by Forbes Asia magazine and selected as a constituent of the Hang Seng High Dividend Yield Index. On 28 October 2014, the Office of the Shandong People s Government announced the Proposal for Implementation of the Transformation and Upgrade of Non-ferrous Metal Industry in Shandong , which stated clearly that focus would be on supporting the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary company, Shandong Weiqiao Aluminum and Power Company Limited ( Aluminum and Power ) in developing into a large scale enterprise with complete aluminum industry chain, evidencing that the Group has gained recognition and support from the capital market and local government.
RELENTLESS PURSUIT OF GLORY Looking back on the aluminum market in 2014, the stability of aluminum price sent a positive signal indicating that the Chinese aluminum industry had broken through the long-term weakness. With China s newly announced One Belt, One Road development strategy, new development opportunities were created for aluminum manufacturers in the country. The Group holds an optimistic but cautious view towards the future of China s aluminum industry.
Looking into the future, the Group will rely on its advantage, to further solidify the industrial models of Integration of Aluminum and Electricity and Integration of Upstream and Downstream Business , expedite the development of the industry clusters, enhance its cost advantage and cost effectiveness, so as to consolidate its leading position in China s aluminum industry. At the same time, the Group will further invest in scientific research and technology developments, with the purpose of seeking progress and breakthroughs in developing clean productions and recycling economy, so as to advance in the direction of fully leading the aluminum industry in China. As an enterprise that possesses cost advantage and unique industry cluster development model, the Group will continue to benefit from the integration and upgrade of the aluminum industry process and the Board has full confidence in its future development.
Faced with a market condition that offers both opportunities and challenges, the Group will persevere with its core value of competitiveness, pay close attention to policy directions, take opportune chances of the market, actively handle future challenges, maintain a steady step in progress and create sizable returns and long-term value for shareholders.

The Group is not able to excel in its performance again without the excellent and efficient leadership of the Group s management, the untiring efforts and dedication of all employees, and the trust and support from all the shareholders, investors and business partners. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend my sincere gratitude to all of them.

Chairman of the Board 27 March 2015 
