Chairman s Statement 
To all of our honourable shareholders, It is my pleasure to present, on behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of China Hongqiao Group Limited (the Company or China Hongqiao ), the annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively as the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2013 (the Year or the Period under Review ).
ACTIVELY AND ENERGETICALLY ENGAGED IN DEVELOPMENT Despite the signs of recovery shown by the overall global economy in 2013, there were still uncertainties in the development of China s aluminum industry, presenting a number of challenges in China s aluminum industry.
A stable growth in demand of the aluminum product was evident in China, yet the overall aluminum market was still faced with the problem of oversupply caused by the release of new production capacity in Northwest China and because of various factors including overcapacity, China s aluminum product price was suppressed throughout the year. In addition, the Republic of Indonesia ( Indonesia ) implemented a complete prohibition of exporting 65 kinds of raw ore materials, including bauxite, with effect from 12 January 2014. The recent export ban on bauxite in Indonesia which increase the transportation cost and the global bauxite price, may adversely affect China s aluminum product manufacturers. The Group will continue to proactively expand bauxite procurement channels to relieve the pressure on increasing production cost caused by the export restrictions on bauxite by Indonesia, and to ensure the stable production and operation of the Group.
The stable development of the Group was not significantly and adversely affected by the uncertainties in the overall economy environment. During the Year, the Group leveraged on its proactive development strategies to maintain the continuous expansion of production and operational scale. The Group also capitalized its competitive business model to vigorously enhance its industry position centered on the Integration of Aluminum and Electricity , as well as the Integration of Upstream and Downstream Business . The Group has not only realized another breakthrough in development, but also presented the vigorous and energetic enterprise spirit of the Group.

RESULTS AND PERFORMANCE During the Year, despite the uncertainties in China s aluminium market, the Group insisted on its active business development strategy to further expand production capacity, which not only enabled the Group to achieve satisfactory results but also consolidated the Group s leading position in China s aluminum market. As of 31 December 2013, the Group s total designed annual production capacity of aluminum products was approximately 2,956,000 tons (31 December 2012: approximately 2,016,000 tons) representing a production capacity growth of approximately 46.6% as compared with the corresponding period of previous year, ranking as the third largest aluminum product manufacturer in China (enterprise ranking source: Antaike). Moreover, the Group also committed to enhance its cost advantage and core competiveness.
On one hand, the Group continued to expand the scale of its co-generating captive power plants, with the aggregate installed capacity of 4,380MW as of 31 December 2013, which guaranteed the stable energy supply of the Group. On the other hand, with the Group s expanding procurement channels of raw materials and establishing closer cooperation with downstream customers, the unique industry cluster model has become another important pillar of the Group in maintaining its industry leading position in the future.
During the Period under Review, the Group s revenue amounted to approximately RMB29,404,462,000, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 18.5%. The gross profit amounted to approximately RMB8,142,802,000, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 1.7%. Net profit attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately RMB5,592,675,000, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 2.6%. Basic earnings per share were approximately RMB0.95 (2012: approximately RMB0.93). The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$27.0 cents per share for the year of 2013 (2012: HK$26.0 cents per share).

LOOKING FORWARD TO THE DEVELOPMENT IN CHINA S ALUMINUM MARKET The Group saw positive signs in the future development of China s aluminum industry. The convene of the Third Plenary Session of the 18th Central Committee of the Communist Party of the PRC (the Third Plenary Session of the 18th Central Committee ) has brought new expectations to the sustainability of China s economic development going forward. With the gradual introduction of new urbanization construction related industrial policies going forward, it is anticipated that there will be a new wave of growth for the consumption of aluminum products in China and new development opportunities for China s aluminum manufacturers.
During the Year, the PRC government promulgated various industrial policies closely related to the aluminum industry. In October 2013, the State Council of the PRC issued the Guidelines for Addressing Severe Overcapacity to emphasize the importance of improving the differential electricity pricing policy, strictly prohibiting the implementation of preferential tariff and measures by the local government, and stated that important progress in addressing severe overcapacity should be achieved within five years. In December 2013, the National Development and Reform Commission and Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC promulgated the Notice of Implementing Tiered Tariff Policies (the Tiered Tariff Policies ) for Electrolytic Aluminum Enterprises in China, determining that with effect from January 2014, the Tiered Tariff Policies will be implemented for the electricity utilized by electrolytic aluminum enterprises in which the tariff will be calculated on an annual basis and determined based on the actual consumption level of electrolytic aluminum enterprises in the previous year and the tariff will be set at different levels. Such policy further displayed the determination of the PRC government to persistently promote the consolidation of China s aluminum industry.
With the gradual consolidation of the industry, backward production capacity of high cost and high energy consumption will be phased out and it is expected that China s aluminum industry will achieve a healthier and more sustainable development track. Therefore, the Group remains cautiously optimistic toward the future development of China s aluminum industry.
COMPREHENSIVE LAYOUT TO ACHIEVE NEW PHASE OF DEVELOPMENT During the Period under Review, the Group continued to expand its own power plant, which increased the competitive advantage of the Group in respect of the Integration of Aluminum and Electricity . As of 31 December of 2013, the total installed capacity of the Group s power generators amounted to 4,380MW with a electricity self-supply ratio of approximately 66.2% on average.
While achieving a higher level of the Integration of Aluminum and Electricity , the Group also devoted to the acceleration of the Integration of Upstream and Downstream Business and development of the Group s unique industry cluster. On one hand, in order to fulfill the increasing demand of downstream customers for the Group s aluminum products, the Group constantly enhanced the production capability of aluminum products. On the other hand, the Group actively expanded the procurement channels of bauxite, which is the upstream production raw material of alumina, by importing the bauxite from various places of origin including Indonesia, the Republic of India and Commonwealth of Australia. Besides a relatively sufficient bauxite reserve, the Group intends to expand its procurement scope to Africa at a proper timing in the future to acquire local inexpensive good quality bauxite.
The Group s alumina self-supplied ratio has reached approximately 62.5% on average during the Year. With the gradual increase in the Group s alumina self-supplied ratio, the Group will be able to further stablize the supply of raw materials.
As for the extension into downstream of industry chain, on one hand, the Group continuously explored the high-end aluminum processing industry to diversify its product portfolio. Supported by the cluster strength in local aluminum industry, the Group actively collaborated with many large-scale enterprises by entering future long-term strategic cooperative agreement including well-known companies in the sector so as to establish a unique and mutual beneficial development model. Such model would enable the Group to seek buyers in advance. With the expansion of industry cluster, it would play an increasingly significant role in promoting the future business development of the Group.

Great progress has also been made to the Group s overseas business development. The Group has established a joint venture for alumina production in Indonesia and is expected to commence production in 2015, with a designed capacity of 
The Group was recognized by a number of external parties in the past year by virtue of its consistent outstanding performance. The Group was named one of the Asia s Fab 50 by Forbes Asia magazine, recognizing it as one of the most outstanding enterprises in Asia. In addition, the Group was included in the Hang Seng Composite Index, Hang Seng Global Composite Index and Hang Seng Natural Resources Index, which clearly indicated that the business performance and financial condition of the Group were recognized in the capital market. The general office of Shandong Provincial Government published the No. 37 document Instruction for the Transformation and Upgrade of Six Traditional Industries of Shandong Province and No. 41 document Opinions on Shandong Provincial People s Government as to Implement the Government Policy [2013] No. 41 Document for Overcapacity on 19 November 2013 and 14 February 2014, respectively, stating that it will encourage the development of leading backbone enterprises and support Shandong Weiqiao Aluminum and Power Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, to become a large enterprise group with complete aluminum industry chain.
GETTING READY TO LEAD THE FUTURE 2013 serves as a bridge between the past and future of the Group. The Group has not only achieved stable growth in performance, but also laid a solid foundation for its future development.
In 2013, the Group s industry model on the Integration of Aluminum and Electricity and the Integration of Upstream and Downstream Business were further reinforced. In the future, the Group will gradually expand its production scale according to the market demand, continuously enhance the Group s cost advantage and economies of scale, and further consolidate the Group s leading position in the aluminum industry by expanding and extending upstream and downstream business and by optimization of product structure. Following the establishment of closer cooperation with more high-end downstream production enterprises, the Group will definitely benefit from an optimized industry cluster continuously.
Despite the uncertainties in the prospects of China s aluminum industry business, the Group is confident in its business outlook. The Group will take proactive measures against potential future challenges. Looking into the future, the Group will continue to facilitate the industry model on the Integration of Aluminum and Electricity and the Integration of Upstream and Downstream Business , actively grasp market opportunities with provision and optimize internal development environment, so as to bring fruitful rewards and returns to the shareholders.

The stable development of the Group s business could not be achieved without the excellent and efficient leadership of the Group s management, the trust and support from all of the shareholders, investors and business partners and the tireless efforts and dedication of all employees. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend my sincere gratitude to all of them.

Chairman of the Board 14 March 2014 
