Chairman s Statement 
It is my pleasure to present on behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of China Hongqiao Group Limited ( China Hongqiao or the Company ) the first annual results report of the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the Group ) after its listing.
For the year ended 31 December 2010 (the Year or Period under Review ), China Hongqiao fully capitalized on the opportunities arising from the PRC government s efforts to expand domestic demand and the global economy s gradual recovery. As a result of our strategy of expanding production capacity, improving operational efficiency and strengthening internal management, the business of China Hongqiao grew rapidly and achieved satisfactory results. During the Year, the Company recorded a revenue of approximately RMB15,131.6 million, representing an increase of approximately 74.6% from approximately RMB8,668.4 million for 2009. Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately RMB4,195.7 million, representing an increase of approximately 654.2% from approximately RMB556.3 million for 2009.
Leveraging on its management expertise, cost competitiveness and scale of operations, the Group has been continuously strengthening its growth. On 24 March 2010, with the persistent efforts of all our staff and the support of other parties, the Company was successfully listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ). On behalf of the Board, I would like to welcome our new shareholders to participate in the development of the Group and to share our promising future. The successful listing of the Company has 
not only secured valuable financial support for our future development, but would further enhance our corporate governance and our competitive strengths in the PRC aluminium industry and lay down a solid foundation for the Group to become a leading aluminium products manufacturer adhering to the principles of high efficiency, energy conservation and environment friendliness . As an industry leader in China, we will continue to rely on our competitive strengths to expand market share and maintain our leading position in China and the global aluminum industry.
China s economy has maintained a strong growth momentum over the years. As a result of the PRC government s continuous increase in its investment in infrastructure construction and the implementation of a series of policies to stimulate the domestic demand, together with the rapid expansion of China s auto and real estate markets, the demand for aluminium products grew significantly. As a leading aluminium products manufacturer in China, China Hongqiao seized the opportunities arising from the increasing demand for aluminium products and achieved satisfactory results. The Group plans to continue to expand its production capacity to win further market share. We will use the proceeds raised from the listing of the Company to speed up the construction and trial operation of our production lines in order to commence production at an earlier stage.
Meanwhile, we will enhance our R&D capacities to refine our manufacturing techniques so as to improve product quality and lower cost. We will place more resources for our R&D activities and purchase advanced equipment to enhance our competitive capability. Through upgrading our manufacturing facilities, techniques and production process, we will be able to improve production efficiency, achieve savings in electricity and raw materials consumption, repair and maintenance expenses and labour costs so that our shareholders will be rewarded with favourable investment returns. While striving for business growth, we will also focus on developing our corporate culture which advocates practicable management and encourages innovation so that our operational efficiency can be further improved.

The Group will continue to strive for high standard corporate governance and strengthen the internal control and enhance our risk-prevention capability through the appointment of independent non-executive directors and the establishment of special Board committees (including the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee). On the other hand, the Group will maintain efficient communications with its investors and update them with the latest information so as to secure their interests.
OUTLOOK AND PROSPECTS I firmly believe that, with the joint efforts of other members of the Board, the senior management and our staff as well as the strong support of other parties, the Group will seize favourable opportunities arising from the gradual recovery of market to achieve rapid growth through resource integration and expansion of production capacity and maintain and further strengthen our leading market position in the aluminium industry in China, so as to provide our customers with the products they desire, provide the best business opportunities for our partners, and maximize our profit and the value for our customers, shareholders and the Group.

