Chairman s Statement 
To all shareholders, It is my pleasure to present on behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of China Hongqiao Group Limited ( China Hongqiao or the Company ) the annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively as the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2012 (the Year or the Period under Review ).
STAYING COMPETITIVE AMID CHALLENGES Challenges and changes in the market characterized China s aluminum industry in 2012. On the one hand, the European debt crisis lingered while China s economic growth softened; on the other hand, downstream demand for aluminum products was struck hard repeatedly by the successive monetary tightening policies and real estate control measures of China s central government, driving the prices of aluminium industrial products lower. Meanwhile, the Republic of Indonesia ( Indonesia ) announced in May 2012 that it would impose export customs duty on 14 mineral products including bauxite, which also brought the potential risk of rising costs to the aluminum industry.
Despite these challenges, China Hongqiao leveraged on its solid core competitiveness, vastly advantageous business model and proactive business development strategies to facilitate the accomplishment of an industrial positioning centered on the integration of aluminum and electricity as well as integration of upstream and downstream businesses, ensured sustainable and stable production and operations, and further strengthened our position as the leader in China s aluminum market. Benefiting from precise interpretation of policy directions and accurate timing in capturing future industry trends, and leveraging on highly prospective development strategies and outstanding executive ability, in December 2012, the Group announced the plan to make investment together with three highly competitive mining and shipping companies, in which a US$1 billion investment was committed to build an alumina production company in Indonesia for the construction and operation of an alumina production plant with designed annual production capacity of 2,000,000 tons. While such investment will help to secure stable supply of raw materials for the Group, it can also expand product sales to Indonesia and overseas market to lay a solid foundation for the long-term development of the Group.

RESULTS AND PERFORMANCE Although uncertainties plagued the external environment throughout the past year, domestic demand in China remained strong. Expanding domestic demand will continue to be a key support for the continuous economic growth of China in the future. In addition, the various development planning and policies promulgated by the National Development and Reform Commission (the NDRC ) in 2012 in line with the 12th Five-Year Plan injected new vitality and momentum to China s aluminum product market. The Group capitalized on this important opportunity to further expand its production capacity, realize stability in performance and consolidate the Group s leading position in China s aluminum industry. As at 31 December 2012, the Group s designed annual production capacity of aluminum products was 2,016,000 tons (2011: 1,776,000 tons), ranking us the fourth largest aluminum product manufacturer in China and representing a capacity growth of about 13.5% compared with that of 2011. Besides, in order to secure stable power supply and continue to enhance its cost advantages, on one hand, the Group continued to expand the scale of its captive power plants and achieved the ownership of power generators with installed capacity of 2,730MW by the end of 2012, while on the other hand the Group has completed the construction and commenced the operation of the project for the comprehensive utilization of coal fly ash in producing alumina with designed annual production capacity of 3,000,000 tons in the production base in Zouping.
During the Period under Review, the Group s revenue amounted to approximately RMB24,804,742,000, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 5.0%. The gross profit reached approximately RMB8,003,448,000, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 2.1%. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately RMB5,452,592,000, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 7.2%. Basic earnings per share were approximately RMB0.93 (2011: approximately RMB1.03). The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$26.0 cents per share for the year of 2012 (2011: HK$32.0 cents per share).

IMMENSE GROWTH POTENTIAL IN THE ALUMINUM MARKET Over the past year, great changes in the external environment of the industry posed new challenges to aluminum manufacturers in China. In 2012, the lower aluminum price in London Metal Exchange (the LME ) compared with that of Shanghai Futures Exchange (the SHFE ) led to an increase in the amount of aluminum imported into China. Besides, the successive announcements of electricity subsidy measures for electrolytic aluminum plants by local governments again sparked concerns about overcapacity due to the production resumption of closed-down plants. However, all these factors have not shattered the Group s belief that there is huge prospect in the potential of China s aluminum market.
It is without doubt that, in future, aluminum will play an important role in China s key industrial sectors, such as construction, transportation vehicles, and electronic consumption products. In 2012, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of China released the 12th Five-Year Plan for the Nonferrous Metal Industry , 12th Five-Year Plan for the Aluminum Industry and 12th Five-Year Plan for the New Materials Industry consecutively, in which it was clearly stated that proprietary research and development capability of enterprises shall be enhanced, and development in refined aluminum fabrication processing was strongly encouraged. In September 2012, the NDRC approved 25 urban railway transportation projects in 19 cities and the road projects with total length exceeding 2,000 km, aggregating over RMB1 trillion of total investment. This is expected to provide phenomenal room of growth for the aluminum industry. China s central government s continued efforts in expanding infrastructure construction and subsidized housing projects, investments in construction of new villages and small towns, as well as rapid development in the areas of electrical and electronic products, food and pharmaceutical packaging, etc. are all driving the persistent growth in aluminum market demand. Future development in these various areas will continue to buoy the stable growth of China s aluminum market, which will in turn benefit the Group. The Group is well-positioned to capture these new market opportunities.
FORTIFYING LEADERSHIP THROUGH CONTINUED IMPROVEMENT As of the end of 2012, the Group had units with 2,730MW aggregate installed capacity and had strived to further increase the ratio of self-supplied electricity to approximately 70% by the end of 2013, so as to achieve a higher level of aluminum and electricity integration.
In the meantime, the Group continued to pursue the objective of upstream and downstream integration in 2012 through expanding industry chain, enriching product types and optimizing product structure, which ultimately further enhanced our market competitiveness. In December 2012, the Group announced an investment of US$1 billion together with relevant parties for the establishment of an alumina production Company in Indonesia. During the Year, some of the approvals and on-site feasibility studies had been completed. Phase one with alumina production line of designed annual production capacity of 1,000,000 tons is expected to be put into operation in 2015. Furthermore, during the Period under Review, the Group s production base in Zouping successfully established the project for the comprehensive utilization of coal fly ash for producing alumina with annual production capacity of 3,000,000 tons; trial production has been completed and the project is now in full operation. Therefore, in 2012, the self-supplied ratio of alumina, the Group s key raw material, reached approximately 42.8%, which contributed to the Group s enhanced control of production costs.
As for the extension into downstream businesses, the Group actively explored the high-end aluminum processing industry to diversify its product portfolio. During the Period under Review, the aluminum fabrication processing project with an annual production capacity of 30,000 tons commenced production gradually, and approximately 38,000 tons of processed aluminum alloy products were produced in 2012. Meanwhile, the Group continued its efforts in the thermal continuous rolling project and kept improving its level of aluminum processing technique to enhance the economic benefits of the Group. From a perspective of long-term development this continued expansion of industry chain will definitely strengthen the Group s businesses and its industry cluster advantage.

Looking forward, the Group will continue to pursue its objective of becoming a large-scale integrated aluminum product manufacturer in China s aluminum industry, possessing industry-leading cost advantages and vertically integrated industry chain, and deepen the integration of aluminum and electricity for further consolidation of our cost advantages and enhancement of our core competitiveness, while seeking further development of the integration of upstream and downstream businesses to realize the Group s sustained growth.
The Group remains steadfast and optimistic in our outlook for China s aluminum industry, although the overall industry is currently facing many challenges. With its competitive advantages, China Hongqiao is bracing itself for a period of growth opportunities in the industry. The Group will continue to seek improvements in various aspects including capacity expansion, broadening supply channels of raw materials, pursuing technological transformation and promoting energy conservation and consumption reduction, in order to further solidify our leading position in the industry. We shall continue to closely monitor both domestic and external macroeconomic trends and policy developments, and seek to capture precise timing in market opportunities. We firmly believe in the Group s ability in coping with various difficulties and challenges, as well as our capacity in grasping and creating development opportunities, so as to bring continuous and fruitful returns to 
The outstanding performance of the Group during the past year could not be achieved without the broad vision and right direction of our management. It was also the result of the tireless efforts and dedication of all employees of the Group.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend my sincere gratitude to all of them. We are also very grateful for the continued attention, support and trust of our shareholders and investors.

Chairman of the Board 8 March 2013 
