Chairman’s Statement
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
It is my pleasure to present on behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”) of China Hongqiao Group Limited (the
“Company” or China Hongqiao) the consolidated annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively as the
“Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2016 (the “Year” or the “Year under Review”).
PRECISE PLANNING AND WELL PREPARED FOR SMOOTH OPERATION
In 2016, the global political and economic landscapes were unpredictable while the financial markets continued to fluctuate.
However, with the improved macro-risk preference in the global market and the upward trend in the major commodities
markets, prices of non-ferrous metals rebounded from low levels recorded in recent years, especially the price of primary
aluminum. The economic development in China remained stable with a Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”) growth rate
of approximately 6.7% in 2016. With the increased effort in promoting structural reforms, China’s economic trend has
obviously shifted into a L-shaped growth pattern. Driven by the implementation of the national supply-side reform policies,
market pricing mechanisms, industry self-regulation and the increase in demand, the aluminum industry of China has
progressively stepped out of the difficult period since the end of 2015 and moved towards a positive development stage.
During the Year under Review, China Hongqiao continued to adhere to its established development strategies for stable
operation and further improvement, achieving breakthroughs in various aspects. The Group strengthened its industrial
distribution, adopted strategies for procurement of raw materials from multiple-resource channels, further consolidated
the global resource allocation strategy and maintained safety and stability of upstream material supply for the long term.
The Group continued to increase the investment in green production technology innovation and effectively controlled the
costs by virtue of scale advantages and reasonable resource allocation, enabling the Group to maintain its leading position
among the industry.
RESULTS AND PERFORMANCE
As of 31 December 2016, the Group’s aggregate designed annual production capacity of aluminum products was
approximately 7,436,000 tons (31 December 2015: approximately 5,186,000 tons), representing an increase of
approximately 43.4% as compared to the corresponding period of 2015.
During the Year under Review, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB61,395,578,000, representing a
year-on-year increase of approximately 39.2%; gross profit amounted to approximately RMB14,196,333,000, representing
a year-on-year increase of approximately 57.2%; net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to
approximately RMB6,849,829,000, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 84.8%; basic earnings per
share amounted to approximately RMB0.96 (2015: approximately RMB0.59 (restated)). The Board recommended the
payment of a final dividend of HK27.0 cents per share for 2016 (2015: HK15.0 cents per share) and a special dividend of
HK20.0 cents per share (2015: nil).
EMBARKING ON AN INNOVATIVE JOURNEY AND STRATEGICALLY POSITIONED TO
SHOULDER RESPONSIBILITIES
During the Year under Review, with the economic strategy of “One Belt, One Road” implemented by the government, the
major overseas projects of the Group endeavored to develop the local communities where the businesses are located while
realising the commercial values. The Group successfully created a complete bauxite supply chain in Guinea, linking Africa
and China, which not only ensures a stable source of upstream raw materials, but also contributes to the employment,
medical welfare, tax revenue and infrastructures there. The Group’s joint venture alumina production base project in
Indonesia, with a designed annual capacity of one million ton has made great progress since its operation in the first half of
2016. The alumina production base has gradually released its capacity in full and has satisfied the needs for the Group’s
operation and production, and expanded the alumina customer base outside China while facilitating development of local
alumina and power industry in Indonesia as well as creating job opportunities. Moreover, while maintaining a stable supply
of bauxite in Australia, Brazil, India and Malaysia, the Group also developed procurement channels in Sierra Leone and
Jamaica, which strengthened its raw materials network of “Integration of Upstream and Downstream Businesses” and
“Global Integration”.
As for “Integration of Aluminum and Electricity”, the Group strictly implemented environment-friendly production models
and strived for “green development”. In recent years, the Group has constantly put resources in and completed reform
of extra-low-emission for all power production facilities and as a result, all power production facilities have met the level
higher than the required effluent standard for gas-fired generation units. Furthermore, the Group’s installed capacity of
the power plants further increased and the level of self-supplied power generation was stable, providing sufficient energy
support for the business development of the Group. Notably, apart from the world leading 600kA aluminum production line
which has been put into operation since 2015, the intelligent production technology of the Group has basically achieved
unmanned operation. In view of the above accomplishments, the Group was awarded the “Pioneer in Energy Efficiency” by
the National Development and Reform Commission of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the Ministry of Industry
and Information Technology of the PRC and General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine of
the PRC in 2016, in recognition of the Group’s achievements in energy saving and emission reduction.
During the Year under Review, the Group proactively shouldered the corporate social responsibilities contributing to the
industry development. At the beginning of 2016, the Group participated in and advocated the establishment of the Antaike
Aluminum Ingot-Spot Index. For more than a year since its launch, the new index has showcased fairness as a third party,
reflected the market demand and supply situation and made the market order more standardised, providing strong support
and guiding impact to the market price of primary aluminum. As one of the world’s largest aluminum producer, China
always plays an important role in the industry covering from production technology to consumer applications. The Group
also took part in discussions regarding international aluminum industry development and proposed recommendations
based on its own experiences, exhibiting the valuable Chinese perspective to the international aluminum industry.
LOOKING FORWARD TO A BRIGHT FUTURE
In 2017, uncertainties in the world economy will be more pronounced and the market trend of major commodities may also
change accordingly. The economic development goal of China is clearly positioned, which is designed to continuously
adjust the economic structure and intensify the supply side structural reform. The country will impose more stringent
requirements on environment protection and technological standards, and also strengthen industry self-regulation. China’s
aluminum industry will hence develop in a healthy and orderly manner. With collaborative efforts of the government, the
industry and enterprises, the supply-and-demand relationship in China will be more in line with the market. The Group
believes that the strong momentum in demand on primary aluminum in 2016 will continue, especially in the sectors of
construction, transportation, as well as electronics and power. In this regard, growth in investments in China’s power grids
will accelerate, and the country’s automobile production will revive strongly, which forms another key growth driver in
consumption of primary aluminum. Aluminum demands on consumer products will remain high while demand for aluminum
used in electronic goods, food and pharmaceutical packaging will steadily increase.
The Group’s industrial planning is at its final phase and stepping into a strategic developing stage for better quality.
In addition to maintaining its existing advantages, the Group will identify acquisition opportunities for development of
downstream businesses, so as to expand its supply chain and enrich its product range. The Group will further explore the
market, strive for sustainable development, reduce costs and enhance efficiency as well as reasonably allocate resources,
creating long-term values for shareholders.
APPRECIATION
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank the Group’s management team and all employees for their unrelenting efforts
and dedication made in 2016, as well as to all the shareholders, investors and business partners for the support and trust.
Zhang Shiping
Chairman of the Board
27 October 2017