Chairman s Statement 
It is my pleasure to present on behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of China Hongqiao Group Limited ( China Hongqiao or the Company ) the annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively as the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2011 (the Year or Period under Review ).

The successful listing of the Company in 2011 marked a key milestone for the Group s development. Having been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited for almost a year, the Company has successfully established a diversified financing platform to help expedite its expansion plans. We have also upgraded our production facilities and production capacity, further enhanced our efficiency and augmented our market position, each of which has strengthened our ability to benefit from market opportunities. Since our listing, we have committed to improve our corporate governance and transparency, as well as further enhance the Group s competitive advantages in the aluminum industry, while consolidating our position in the PRC and globally as a leading aluminum product manufacturer by aluminum product production of high efficiency, energy conservation and environment friendliness .
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS In 2011, the steady growth of China s economy continued to bolster market demand for aluminum products. Against this backdrop, the Group continued to expand its production capacity and industrial chain and diversified its product portfolio to meet market and consumer demand. Furthermore, the Group continued the expansion of its power production facilities, optimized production and efficiency, and effectively controlled costs in order to further boost its profitability. As at 31 December 2011, the Group s manufacturing facilities had a designed annual production capacity of 1,776,000 tons of aluminum products, ranking fourth amongst all aluminum product manufacturers in China. Leveraging on the local industry cluster advantage and the Group s economies of scale, unique business model and effective cost control, we have fulfilled our promises by again delivering satisfactory results. During the Period under Review, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB23,626.0 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 56.1%. Gross profit amounted to approximately RMB8,176.4 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 42.4%. Net profit attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately RMB5,875.4 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 40.0%. Earnings per share were approximately RMB1.03 (2010: approximately RMB0.84). The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend HK$32.0 cents per share for the year 2011 (2010: Nil).

INCREASING DEMAND FOR ALUMINUM During the Year, although the market was dampened by external factors, such as economic uncertainties in Europe, which led to volatility in the price of aluminum, the Group still managed to implement its business strategies by focusing on the domestic market. The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People s Republic of China released the 12th Five-Year Plan for the Nonferrous Metal Industry on 4 December 2011, which sets the industrial growth rate of the non-ferrous metals industry, including the aluminum industry, at a target average annual growth rate of not less than 10% between 2012 and 2015 (the 12th Five-Year Plan ); whilst the 12th Five-Year Plan for Aluminum Industry targets an average annual growth rate specifically for the aluminum industry of not less than 12%. Although the growth rate is slightly lower than the target originally stipulated by the 11th Five-Year Plan , we believe that domestic demand will remain strong enough to buoy the growth of the Chinese aluminum market. In addition, the central government s increasing investment in infrastructure, the steady development of the domestic transportation and electronic products industries, etc., indicate that the market demand for aluminum products remains optimistic.

The Group s current aggregate designed annual production capacity of aluminium products was increased to 1,776,000 tons. As at 31 December 2011, the Group s production facilities, which have a capacity of 1,566,000 tons, were put into operation and the remaining production facilities will be in full operation by 2012, which will further help expand our market share. As for our captive power production facilities, the Group currently possesses units with an aggregate installed capacity of 1,740MW. The construction of additional units with an aggregate installed capacity of 990MW are expected to be completed by the end of 2012. As our new units gradually begin operation, the Group s self-supplied electricity ratio will be further increased, which will help us to further control our production costs, so as to consolidate the Group s core 
In addition to continuing to expand production scale and consolidating our leading position in the industry, the Group will also strive to expand the industrial chain and develop clean energy and recycling economy in order to build a competitive enterprise with integration of upstream and downstream businesses with power supply capabilities. The Group continues to expand the industrial chain and further realize industrial integration based on its business development needs. On the one hand, we will advance our upstream raw materials business, including continuing the construction of the projects for the comprehensive utilization of coal fly ash in order to satisfy the increasing needs for the key raw materials alumina used for the production of aluminum products arising from the expansion of the Group s production capacity; and overseas exploration to identify quality bauxite resources to strengthen the stability of raw materials supply. On the other hand, we will also develop advanced aluminum processing business to optimize the product mix, further enhance the added-value of the Group s products and improve our economic efficiency. We believe such plan will bring China Hongqiao to new heights.
Moreover, in the long run, the expansion of the industrial chain helps fortify the foundation for the Group s business as well as the industry cluster, which in turn brings positive impacts on our cost structure and scale.
Looking ahead, while we expect the outlook of the aluminum market to remain optimistic, it will also be full of competition and uncertainties. When facing such opportunities and challenges, it is a leading company s vision, scale and strategy that sets it apart from the competition and allows it to maintain steady growth. The Group will further expand its core competitiveness and sustainable development capacity through a series of business strategies. We plan to further strengthen our financial position and accelerate our expansion plans by exploring multiple channels. Meanwhile, we will reinforce effective communication with investors and stakeholders so as to maintain transparency of the Group. In addition, we will continue to stay abreast with the economic environment, changes in government policies and trends in the aluminum industry, in order to grasp every opportunity to enhance the Group s sustainable development and deliver fruitful results to our shareholders.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend my sincere gratitude to all employees of the Group for their tireless efforts and dedication, which were critical to the Group achieving the outstanding results in 2011 and enhancing its competitive edge. We are also very grateful for the continued support and trust of our shareholders, customers and business partners.

Chairman of the Board 9 March 2012 
