Chairman s Statement 
It is my pleasure to present on behalf of the Board (the Board ) of China Hongqiao Group Limited the audited consolidated annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2015 (the Year or the Period under Review ).
DRIVING TOWARDS A BRIGHT FUTURE During the Year, the global primary aluminum market continued to face a shortage of supply. The significant price fall in the fourth quarter last year in China has slowed the growth of production volume, relieving the condition of excess supply.
During the Year, aluminum prices have weakened considerably despite an initial surge earlier in the year. The average three-month aluminum futures price on the London Metal Exchange ( LME ) decreased by 11.1% as compared with last year; the average three-month aluminum futures price on the Shanghai Futures Exchange ( SHFE ) decreased by 10.3% as compared with last year.
During the Period under Review, China Hongqiao achieved major breakthroughs in various aspects by adhering to its prudent development strategy. As the industry leader, the Group continued to promote the advancement of technological innovations, energy conservation, as well as the industrial models of Integration of Aluminum, Electricity and Grid and Integration of Upstream and Downstream Businesses , to further consolidate its industrial chain advantage. As for overseas business, the Group s first ship of bauxite from the mining project in Guinea, Africa, successfully arrived the domestic operation base of China Hongqiao, realizing the Group s global resource strategy and the country s Maritime Silk 
RESULTS AND PERFORMANCE As of 31 December 2015, the Group s aggregate designed annual production capacity of aluminum products was approximately 5,186,000 tons (31 December 2014: approximately 4,026,000 tons), representing an increase of approximately 28.8% as compared to the corresponding period of 2014. The Group ranked as the largest aluminum product manufacturer in the world (source of ranking: Antaike).
During the Period under Review, the Group s revenue amounted to approximately RMB44,109,934,000, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 22.2%. Gross profit amounted to approximately RMB8,951,443,000, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 3.7%. Net profit attributed to owners of the parent amounted to approximately RMB3,648,791,000, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 31.3%. Basic earnings per share were approximately RMB0.58 (2014: approximately RMB0.89). The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK15.0 cents per share for the year 2015 (2014: HK28.0 cents).

EMBRACING NEW OPPORTUNITIES Given the slow recovery of the global economy and downward pressure of China s economic growth, the market is unlikely to turn around within a short period of time. The price of aluminum products is expected to stay in the low range. Such adverse market condition presents both challenges and opportunities to the Group, and the Group sees more opportunities than challenges. More importantly, the fierce market competition will come down to survival of the fittest. Striving to turn challenges into opportunities and pressure into driving force, the Group is determined to capitalise on the opportunities and accelerate its future development in this competitive market.
In the downstream industry, the PRC government s One Belt One Road strategy and vision for the Eurasian region have prompted China s rising international export of railway equipment. At the same time, premium vehicles has posted immense opportunities for aluminum products. All these have reinforced the global influence and competency of Chinese aluminum manufacturers. With further development of aluminum alloy and aluminum fabrication products, aluminum products have become increasingly widely used in downstream sectors such as transportation, machinery and electric power engineering, bringing tremendous potential to the market.
CONSOLIDATING THE GROUP S COMPETITIVE EDGES In view of the demand growth of aluminum products in China, China Hongqiao has continued to strengthen its industry cluster advantage. To solidify its long-term development, the Group has also achieved in technological innovations, energy conservation and bauxite supply.
With respect to the supply of bauxite, while actively expanding the supply channels in countries including the Commonwealth of Australia, the Republic of India and the Federation of Malaysia, the Group also achieved great success in the bauxite mining project in Guinea. The Group has established China s first industrial chain that comprises overseas mining and domestic factories by utlilizing multiple logistics solutions. The completion of the industrial chain will ensure the Group s steady raw material supply and effective cost control. These will strengthen the Group s core competitiveness, significantly reduce the raw material prices, and minimise potential risks against supply and demand fluctuations.
Regarding the supply of alumina, the Group has made substantial progress in the construction of its alumina production base in Indonesia. This alumina production line with designed annual capacity of one million tons will be put into operation in the first half of 2016. By that time, the Group s alumina self efficiency will be further enhanced.
For technological innovation, the Group successfully operated the world s first full series 600KA aluminum production line in the first half of 2015. The production line is characterised by its high unit productivity, low investment cost, reduced emission and outstanding production efficiency, making China Hongqiao a world leader in technical and economic 
Independent pricing right is essential to the Group s sustainable development. After consultation with downstream customers of aluminum processing, starting from 1 December 2015, China Hongqiao has launched its own pricing mechanism. The new pricing is made on the basis of mutual recognition and market trends. Compared to the original pricing based on the Yangtse River Spot Price, the new mechanism can minimise adverse impact caused by the volatility of futures prices, further enhance the Group s bargaining power, and improve the pricing system of the aluminum industry in China. In line with the development of a more reasonable, standardised and objective market, this milestone also demonstrates the Group s leadership and competitiveness.

PROGRESSING INTO THE FUTURE Looking ahead, the Group will adhere to its strategy of prudent development by leveraging its industry cluster advantage brought by the Integration of Aluminum, Electricity and Grid and the Integration of Upstream and Downstream Businesses . It will also strengthen its cost advantage and economies of scale, so as to consolidate its industry leading position. In addition, the Group will increase investments in technological innovation and environmental protection, and strive for further achievements in raw material supply, technology upgrade and energy conservation.
The Group is dedicated to enhancing its core competitiveness, paying close attention to policy directions to seize market opportunities and coping with future challenges. The Group is also committed to driving steady growth and sustainable development, and creating stable returns for its shareholders.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank the Group s management team and all employees for their untiring efforts and dedication, and the trust and support from all the shareholders, investors and business partners.

Chairman of the Board 11 March 2016 
