Chairman’s Statement
In 2016, the recovery of world economy remained weak while economic complexity, instability and uncertainty became more
conspicuous. Domestic economy operated steadily in general but was facing downward pressure and many difficulties. In
face of the severe challenges such as overlapping conflicts and intertwined risks and hidden hazards at home and abroad,
the Bank managed to make progress while maintaining stability, steered towards the right direction by keeping our eyes on
the broader picture, implemented reform and innovation, and overcame difficulties in a responsible manner. By carrying on
our good traditions and developing innovations, we attained performance results which exceeded the expectation of many
and which comprised many highlights in the past year.
Stability is the priority in our performance results. Stability is the cornerstone and is important in serving the overall
interest. Focused on stabilizing benefits, quality and risks, the Bank implemented targeted measures and maintained
generally stable operation and development. We maintained stable profits. In face of three main factors of rising expenditure
and reduced income, namely the increased credit cost, narrowing interest margin and fee cuts to the real economy, the
Bank actively tapped into potential, improved efficiency, expanded sources of income and cut back on expenses. In 2016,
we realized a net profit of RMB279.1 billion, up 0.5% from the previous year and continuing to hold the largest net profit
base in the global banking industry. We maintained stable asset quality. In face of the downward pressure on asset quality,
the Bank strengthened credit foundation management and credit quality management under the new normal, and adopted
multi-pronged approaches to tackle both symptoms and root causes, focusing on the control of new loans, management
and control of existing loans and disposal of non-performing loans. As at the end of 2016, the Bank’s NPL ratio was
controlled at 1.62%, asset quality remained stable with positive changes, the ratio of loan deterioration decreased, NPL
balance and ratio increased at a rate lower than the same period of last year, and allowance to NPL increased over the
previous quarter in the fourth quarter. We steadily controlled risks. In face of spreading primary, crossover and imported
risks, the Bank intensified enterprise risk management and improved risk management measures in the aspects of strategy,
system, instrument and mechanism, striving to cement the dam against risks and fully exert the role of a market stabilizer
and risk reducing valve as a leading bank.
Progress is the main theme of our performance results. While maintaining stability, the Bank made active efforts and
explorations for progress.
We gained new ground in serving the real economy. The real economy is the ultimate driver of growth of finance. The
Bank followed the economic laws and trends, and improved the operating quality by seizing the opportunities presented
by the supply-side structural reform and revitalization of the real economy. We improved the full-process and integrated
management of incremental and existing credits as well as credit financing and non-credit financing. New loans actually
granted by domestic branches in 2016 totaled RMB3 trillion, including RMB844.6 billion of new RMB and foreign-currency
loans and RMB2.16 trillion loans that were recovered and relent. New non-credit financing and new investment in local
government debts amounted to RMB989.8 billion, exceeding the loan increment and becoming an important source of
capital for supporting the real economy. In terms of direction and structure, we dovetailed with a string of strategies such
as “the 13th Five-Year Plan”, the “four regions”, “three supporting belts” and “Made in China 2025”, and stepped up
support to key projects. We steadfastly developed small and micro enterprise financial businesses and provided innovative
services in that area that combined professional offline operation with standardized online operation, and became the first
commercial bank in the country with a small and micro enterprise loan balance of more than RMB2 trillion. Adapting to the
trend of expanded and upgraded personal consumption, the Bank saw steady rise in the proportion of residential mortgages
and consumption loans in total loans. Our services for enterprises’ “Going Global” drive became deeper and broader. The
Bank took the lead in establishing Sino-CEE Financial Holding Corporation and Fund to participate in infrastructure and
capacity cooperation under the “Belt and Road” initiative in the form of a multilateral financial company. We also gave
stronger support to the merger and restructuring of enterprises, and pushed for market-based debt-for-equity swaps and
asset securitization in an orderly manner, not only providing more flexible and diverse financial service options for enterprises
to lower the cost and deleverage, but also helping ourselves to prevent and control risks and boost the real economy at the
same time.
We made new progress in operational transformation and structural adjustment. Taking active steps to adapt to
new changes during the economic transformation and upgrade, the Bank followed and studied new trends in the strategic
development of international banking industry, well balanced current operation with long-term development, guided
operational transformation, and boosted the strengthening of new drives of growth and rejuvenation of traditional ones.
We implemented in depth strategy of mega retail, mega asset management and mega investment banking, proactively built
the asset-liability management system that suited interest rate liberalization, and promoted international and diversified
development. As a result, a new landscape of profit growth featuring multiple drivers and pillars has taken shape, which 
enhanced our competitiveness, developing capability, and sustainable profit growth. We earnestly carried out the “two
focus” strategy to guide and support branches in key cities to become better and stronger and focus on winning key
markets of competition. We perfected the operating and management system at profitability units, consolidated their
capability of professional operation, value creation and profit contribution, and fully invigorated transformation and
development at all levels and in all fields.
We achieved new breakthroughs in reform and innovation. The Bank deliberated and implemented reform and
innovation measures in such areas as governance structure, management system, operating mechanism and information
technology. We fully realized that FinTech innovation is reshaping the operating and developing model of banks and
their competition landscape. Spearheading industrial revolution with technological innovation has been the traditional
advantage of the Bank and the key to our successful transformation. We set up “seven innovation labs” covering internetbased
finance, big data and artificial intelligence, cloud computing, block chain and biological identification, established
the corporate-level data application system across the board, and optimized the IT architecture from a high starting point,
striving to build more open, flexible and powerful technological systems. We accelerated the combination of technology
and business, strongly promoted the e-ICBC internet-based finance strategy, and ramped up efforts on building the three
platforms of ICBC Mobile, ICBC Mall and ICBC Link, the online financing center and the payment product line. We renovated
our outlets to be more intelligent and lighter at a faster speed, formed an online-offline integrated service system, and raised
our service capability through technological and service model innovations. We launched a series of reform measures in a
coordinated way, including the institutional and mechanism reform of credit operation and management, bills and interbank
business reform, optimization of personnel structure, and the “last mile” of performance assessment. With these efforts,
we established a new structure and new mechanism which are conducive to enhancing our competitiveness and developing
capability, strengthening enterprise risk management, raising resource allocation efficiency, and motivating innovation and
creativity.
2016 was a tough year after our joint-stock reform and listing. Despite the complex situations, the Bank maintained a
stable performance with good momentum for high-quality growth, which responded to concerns expressed by others and
stabilized market expectations. The Bank was ranked the 1st place among the Top 1000 World Banks by The Banker and
the Global 2000 listed by Forbes, and topped the sub-list of commercial banks of the Global 500 in Fortune for the fourth
consecutive year, indicating a big advancement on our international competitiveness and market image.
2016 was also a year that oversaw substantial changes in the composition of the Bank’s Board of Directors and the Senior
Management. Several board members and senior management members joined the Bank in 2016 and the transitional
progress was smooth, maintaining a scientific and efficient level of operation within the corporate governance structure of
the Bank.
Only those who try will know how hard things can be; only those who travel will know how dangerous the path is. Standing
at a new historical starting point, we are fully aware that the way ahead will not be easy. Compared with our joint-stock
reform and listing in the past, the reform and development today is equally pioneering, arduous and complicated albeit
significant changes in the environment, conditions and tasks. Only the persistent innovators and practical achievers will
embrace a bright future. We will observe the laws governing the operation of commercial banks, adhere to our strategy,
fulfill our responsibilities and progress with a view to overcoming different challenges ahead. With new visions, new
measures and new agendas, we will take our transformation and development efforts into a new realm and write a proud
and glorious chapter in the new year.
Chairman: Yi Huiman
30 March 2017