Chairman s Statement In 2011, the European sovereign debt crisis continued to deteriorate and the global economic recovery struggled onward with diffi culties. In China, economic growth shifted orderly from policy stimulus to a self-sustaining mode, yet its economic development was still faced with pronounced contradictions and problems with its unbalanced, uncoordinated and unsustainable elements. Proactively responding to the diffi culties and challenges brought about by these complex and serious situations, the Bank maintained the momentum of healthy and steady development and successfully accomplished the second three-year development plan following its joint-stock reform. It achieved new milestones and advances in many fi elds, and remained to be the world s top listed bank measured by many indicators such as market capitalization and customer deposits.
These achievements benefi t from our continued efforts to support and serve the real economy. Economic soundness underpins fi nancial soundness, while industrial prosperity underlies fi nancial prosperity. A stable, healthy development of the economy is paramount for a bank s development, and the sound development of a bank cannot take place when it is not serving a healthy, growing real economy. We actively adapted to changes in macro environment and fi nancial regulatory requirements, and kept improving credit policies. We optimized strategies based on the economic features and geological advantages of the service area to make the credit service and even the entire business strategy conducive to promoting the development of local real economy and the industry upgrading. Since the beginning of 2011, we provided more loans to the advanced manufacturing, modern services, cultural industries and strategic emerging sectors to facilitate strategic economic restructuring. We have stepped up fi nancing support for small and micro businesses and areas bound up with the people s livelihood, with new lending to small and micro businesses reaching a record high in the year, playing a signifi cant role in promoting employment and technological innovation. We fulfi lled the responsibility of Green Bank by strictly controlling loans to industries with high energy consumption, high pollution and over-capacity. It is in the process of effectively serving the development of the real economy that we expand new markets, reduce loan concentration risk, improve credit operation quality and effi ciency and realize our own sound and sustainable development.
These achievements benefi t from our persistent pursuit of excellence in fi nancial services. Service is in the nature of banking, and also refl ects a bank s sustainable competitiveness. Only when a competitive edge is established in our services can we move farther and longer. Staying committed to the goal of delivering excellent banking services, we have made continuous improvements in services through relay-style service enhancement activities. We have focused our capital spending on upgrading nearly one thousand outlets and improving our electronic banking service features, including Internet Banking, Mobile Banking and SMS Banking more than two thirds of our services are delivered by electronic means, shaping a more complete and convenient network of services. Business processes were upgraded or optimized on a customer experience-oriented basis towards the objective of increased effi ciency, which greatly enhanced our collective operation capability and back-offi ce support capacity. The Bank has heard opinions and demands of fi nancial services consumers, and improved the consumer interest protection mechanism, effectively safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of its fi nancial services consumers. The continuously improving services have signifi cantly increased customer satisfaction and market reputation, with the most outlets among the Chinese banks, the Bank won the 100 Model Entities with Civilized and Normative Service of the Chinese Banking Industry in 2011 award.
These achievements benefi t from our continuous commitment to business restructuring and development mode transformation. Business transformation is long-term and progressive. In the face of the new market environment and stricter regulatory capital requirements, we have accelerated the implementation of our strategic transformation from capital-intensive to capital-effi cient activities, from a traditional fi nancial intermediary to a universal fi nancial service provider, and from a local traditional commercial bank to a large global fi nancial group. The Bank has thereby created a path of appropriate expansion of assets but steady and sustained increase of profi t. In 2011, the Bank saw rapid growth in fee-based and emerging businesses; in particular, the scale of fi nancial asset services driven by strong customer demand grew rapidly, driving the Bank s net fee and commission income as a percentage of its overall operating income up by 2.45 percentage points to 21.58%. Capital-effi cient operations are increasingly becoming a major source of profi t, showing an increasingly coordinated and sustainable tendency of development.
Economic globalization is accompanied by fi nancial globalization. Keeping pace with China s economic globalization, the Bank steadily expanded its international presence by incorporating new institutions in 11 countries and regions.
Now the Bank has 239 overseas institutions across 33 countries and regions, providing a global network of services covering main international fi nancial centers and regions with close economic and trade ties with China. Also, the Bank extended its onshore technological platforms and cutting-edge product lines to overseas markets to signifi cantly enhance the overseas institutions capability to localize their operation and development. In 2011, all overseas institutions of the Bank except for those newly established recorded a profi t. ICBC Credit Suisse Asset Management, ICBC Leasing, ICBC International and other subsidiaries grew continuously. The preparatory work for ICBC-AXA Assurance Co., Ltd. achieved new progress. A cross-market and diverse fi nancial service platform has been taking 
