Chairman s Statement In the past year, the global economy experienced a weak recovery, with diverging trends in major economies. As China s economic development entered a new normal, transformation and upgrading became the main theme of the economy, which brought about positive influences as well as many difficulties and challenges. Profound changes took place in the financial ecological environment and the operating mechanism. Financial regulation became increasingly strict, interest rates and exchange rates liberalization sped up, financial disintermediation accelerated, and the emergence of Internet-based finance rose swiftly to prominence, which brought a profound impact on and new opportunities for banks operations and 
The economic new normal gave birth to a financial new normal. Last year, in the context of greater-than-expected difficulties and challenges, we achieved better than expected operating results and managed to maintain a generally healthy and stable development trend. Meanwhile, our operation and development entered a new normal with new features emerging in terms of profit growth, asset quality control, business development, and operational transformation. In 2014, we realized a net profit of RMB276.3 billion (or USD44.5 billion), up 5.1%. Although the profit growth rate fell to the one-digit level for the first time in recent years, it should be noted that this growth was based on a higher level and greater size, which meant that every percentage point of growth contained higher value. The net profit of 2014 alone was equal to the total sum of profit of the eight years since 2000, or that of the three years following 2005 after the Bank became a joint-stock company. The enormous financial strength of ICBC, the world s largest bank in terms of net profit, constituted an important ground for absorbing and mitigating risks, supporting innovative transformation, and accumulating new growth energy.
What s more valuable is that the constitution and structure of our profit growth are undergoing good qualitative changes.
For instance, the upgrading and efficiency increase of traditional business and the innovative development of emerging business constitute hybrid power and multiple supporting points for profit growth. In particular, we seized favorable opportunities brought by increased consumer spending and diversified consumer demand, a widening investment field for market players, accelerated business merger and acquisition etc., and strived to build mega retail banking, mega asset management, and mega investment banking into new engines for profit growth. In 2014, our total financial assets from personal customers exceeded RMB10 trillion, which led the industry. Our retail banking business made a contribution of 40%; asset management, investment banking and other businesses also maintained an industry-leading position. Taking another example, the accelerated optimization and structural adjustment of existing credit business brought new power and space for our business development and profit growth. To make further good and flexible use of these resources, we focused on increasing the revolving rate instead of the growth rate, which could not only enhance the effectiveness of serving the real economy, but also create inexhaustible value. To give another example, we deepened our transformation into less asset-intensive and less capital-intensive operations to further balance and coordinate profit growth and capital support. Last year, we issued credit asset-backed securities on the inter-bank market, and maintained a relatively satisfactory capital adequacy ratio (CAR) by employing various methods such as promotion of capital-saving development, strict control of risk asset growth, and multi-channel capital replenishment. Our CAR, tier 1 CAR and core tier 1 CAR reached 14.53%, 12.19%, and 11.92%, up 141BP, 162BP, and 135BP from the previous year, respectively, and outperformed regulatory 
The new normal also brought new risk control challenges. In the course of de-production capacity, de-inventory and de- leveraging readjustment to the real economy, some enterprises suffer production or operational difficulties, with a higher frequency of market entry and exit. Economic transformation and industrial structural adjustments will no doubt cause some non-performing loans (NPLs). We took extraordinary measures to control and resolve NPLs and enhanced the predictability of risk control and the stability of asset quality under the economic new normal by means of innovative managerial models.
We set up a credit risk monitoring center in the Head Office to strengthen dynamic monitoring and real-time early warning of risks through combining our risk management experiences with big data technologies. During the reporting period, we conducted risk screening on about half of the credit assets and made prompt rectification of financing with potential risk; at present, we are further expanding the scope of risk screening to every product, every customer, and the whole process.
Risk-oriented credit base management was consolidated to highlight risk prevention and control in key fields such as local government financing vehicles (LGFVs), real estate development, industries with excessive capacity and commodity financing.
Both the Head Office and branches built up specialized teams and applied innovative means such as investment banking to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of NPL disposal. In 2014, our NPL ratio climbed slightly 0.19 percentage points to 1.13%, but was still staying at a lower level among large international banks. We attached great importance to resolving NPLs in business development and took enhancing quality and efficiency of the real economy as the basis for improving the quality and status of our credit business and stabilizing our asset quality. Oriented towards serving effective financial service demand and seizing strategic opportunities under the economic new normal, we actively supported major projects as well as advantageous and emerging industries in economic adjustment and upgrading, and we backed key fields and weak spots such as small and micro enterprises, personal consumption, and Sannong (agriculture, farmers and rural areas) in a bid to better nourish the real economy with financial services and to improve our quality structure and foundation in virtuous interactions with the real economy.
At present, Internet-based finance is profoundly changing the operating mode, decisive factors, and competitive landscape of traditional finance. Compared with Internet enterprises advantages in operation development and sensitivity to customer 
