Chairman s Statement 2008 is an exceptionally unusual and extraordinary year for China s economic and social development and deserved to be profoundly marked in the development history of ICBC. Guided by the strategic objectives set by the Board of Directors, the Bank forged ahead and coped effectively with the diffi culties and challenges arising from the abrupt changes in both domestic and global economies and also from the sudden massive natural disasters in the year. The Bank sustained a stable and healthy development momentum, successfully accomplished the fi rst three- year development plan after its joint-stock reform and initial public offering. The Bank created new value for its shareholders, customers and employees and contributed considerably to the social and economic development.
The Bank derived its growth by persistently pursuing the philosophy of scientifi c development. By concentrating on improving the business structure, strengthening internal management and pushing forward innovative development, the Bank achieved considerable profi t growth in an austere and complicated business environment. The Group s profi t after tax increased by 35.2% over the previous year, and maintained a continuously rapid growth since international audit was introduced in 2003. Compound annual growth rate reached 37.5%, making the Bank one of the most profi table banks in the world and one of the international banks with highest growth potential. The income structure was further optimized. Net fee and commission income accounted for 14.19% of operating income, up 8.05 percentage points over 2005 when the joint-stock reform was launched. Cost-to-income ratio was 29.84%, a decrease of 5.18 percentage points from the previous year, indicating that the Bank has maintained sound costs control. Return on investment continued to grow. Return on weighted average equity and return on average total assets were 19.43% and 1.21% respectively, representing an increase of 3.20 percentage points and 0.19 percentage point compared to 2007, respectively. In this regard, the Bank maintains a leading position among global leading banks. Earnings per share reached RMB0.33, an increase of 37.5% over 2007 and 83.3% over 2006 when the Bank went public. Due to the good profi t growth and improvement of the business structure, the Bank s capital adequacy remains healthy even in the midst of the rapid development of various businesses. Capital adequacy ratio and core capital adequacy ratio were 13.06% and 10.75% respectively at the end of 2008. The Bank tops all the other listed banks in the world in terms of market capitalization which reached USD173,918 million by the end of the year.
The Bank integrated its support of economic development with its adherence to commercial banking principles, and took advantage of every opportunity to maintain a healthy development trend in a complicated business environment.
In response to the government s macro-control policy and changes in the central bank s monetary policy, the Bank promptly modifi ed its credit strategy, actively but prudently increased lending, thus facilitating the implementation of the State s domestic demand-driven growth policy and improving the Bank s profi tability at the same time. The Bank adapted to the ever-growing fi nancial services needs, relied on its advanced information technology platform to accelerate new products development, and set up the Tibet Branch. All these measures have made the Bank one of the strongest banking institutions in China in the provision of diversifi ed fi nancial services. In line with the trend of diversifi ed and globalized development, the Bank launched private banking services, integrated its investment banking business in Hong Kong, and established various new branches, including Sydney Branch, New York Branch, Doha Branch and the Middle East Subsidiary Bank, signifying a new step in the Bank s diversifi ed and globalized 
