Chairman s Statement In 2012, the global fi nancial crisis and the European debt crisis have continued to impact the global economy, and complex and profound changes lingered on the global economic landscape and fi nancial systems. Amid the stressful situations, the Chinese economy has on the whole remained stable but the contrast between economic downturn expectations and the relatively excessive production capacity has become more prominent. At the same time, the fi nancial regulatory reform has continued to deepen, the pace of interest rate liberalization has speeded up, the degree of fi nancial disintermediation has become more pronounced, and the consumer demand for improved fi nancial services has increased. In the face of the new situations and changes, the Bank has adhered to the underlying principle of making progress while maintaining stability , coordinated overall planning on operation and management, and maintained its steady progress in stable operation characterized by increased profi tability, business development, structure upgrade and risk control. The Bank has led its global peers in terms of various indicators such as capital, assets, quality, profi t, market capitalization and customers deposits, delivering a notable score sheet to investors and the whole society.
Sustainable Development. With a focus on the acceleration of operational transformation, the Bank has realized capital-saving development and sustainable profi t growth featuring diversifi ed operation. In 2012, the Bank realized net profi t of RMB238,691 million, representing an increase of 14.5% over the previous year. Return on average total assets ( ROA ) and return on weighted average equity ( ROE ) were maintained at the leading international level of 1.45% and 23.02% respectively. Cost-to-income ratio was 29.24%. Accentuating fi nancial asset service with less capital occupation, higher added value and greater customer demands as the focus of strategic transformation, the Bank intensifi ed efforts in overall planning and system progress, and achieved a 32% increase in operating income, which facilitated the transition from an asset holding bank to an asset management bank. The Bank has actively put in efforts to serve the economic and trade relations between China and the rest of the world, meet the fi nancial demand of customers across the globe, and promote business development on a global scale. Currently the Bank has operations in 39 countries and regions. As the single largest shareholder of Standard Bank a leading bank in Africa, the Bank has entered into close collaboration with fi nancial institutions in 18 countries across Africa, and formed an extensive international settlement and clearing network. By being the fi rst amongst peers in China to fi nish the building of a globally integrated technology platform, and through strengthening the extension of key product lines and interactions between domestic and overseas operations, the Bank has enhanced the localization of the operation of its overseas institutions and the capability of its global services. In 2012, the Bank achieved a 21.8% increase in profi t before tax of its overseas institutions, giving better play to the role of globalized operation in stabilizing profi t and dispersing risks. In addition, the Bank set up ICBC-AXA through acquisition, enriching and improving its integrated service system.
Serving Economic Development. Persisted in seizing market opportunities and following the philosophy of commercial bank operation while serving the real economy, the Bank achieved effective combination of credit policy and industrial policy and the compatibility of fi nancial innovation and the needs of economic development.
During the year, the Bank made active efforts to bolster the development of advanced manufacturing, service industry, cultural industries and strategic emerging industries which fall in line with the direction of economic system reform, constantly improved fi nancial services to small and medium-sized enterprises, especially the small and micro enterprises, supported the development of energy-effi cient, environment-friendly and other fi elds of the green economy, and vigorously developed its business in extending credit to the direct consumption sector. Meanwhile, by addressing diffi culties of enterprises through fi nancial innovation, the Bank played an active part in helping enterprises diversify their fi nancing channels and reducing fi nancing costs through a combination of tools such as investment banking, fi nancial leasing, bond issuance and syndicated loans, thereby promoting the formation of a new relationship between banks and enterprises which is characterized by closer and mutually benefi cial collaboration.
While promoting the stable and healthy economic development, the Bank succeeded in improving credit operation, reducing its NPL ratio to 0.85% representing a decrease of 0.09 percentage points from the beginning of 2012 and maintaining the overall stability of asset quality.
Chairman s Statement 
