Chairman s Statement In 2013, the Bank took a wide array of measures to embrace opportunities, exploited favorable conditions in the course of business development and carried out work broad-mindedly, innovatively and ambitiously in response to the latest developments in the deep correction of global economy, transformation of China s economic development pattern, fi nancial regulatory reform, interest rate liberalization and fi nancial disintermediation. Overall, the Bank managed to maintain healthy, stable development and the operating results outperformed expectation. The Bank realized a net profi t of RMB262,965 million during the year, representing an increase of 10.2%. Return on average total assets ( ROA ) and return on weighted average equity ( ROE ) were maintained at 1.44% and 21.92% respectively. Cost-to-income ratio was 28.80%. Both core tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and tier 1 capital adequacy ratio were 10.57%, while capital adequacy ratio was 13.12%.
The Bank was named the world s largest corporation and the biggest bank in terms of tier 1 capital by the Forbes and The Banker. The Bank was also recognized by the Fortune as the largest commercial bank by total revenue.
The Bank stepped up fi nancial innovation and service improvement in support of the real economy, with focus on making full use of both loan increment and stock, in an effort to improve the quality of credits while serving the real economy by means of increasing quality and effi ciency. The Bank issued RMB8.7 trillion of loans accumulatively in the year, up RMB974.0 billion over the previous year, compared with the RMB892.4 billion increase in new loans for the year. Loan turnover was further accelerated to increase the effi ciency of fund use. By orientation and structure of loans, the Bank, in particular, provided strong supports for the development of advanced manufacturing, modern services, culture and strategic emerging industries that are in line with the direction of industry structural adjustment, actively explored supply chain fi nance and other new business models that are conducive to risk control on the one hand and helpful for improving fi nancial services to small and micro enterprises on the other hand, and introduced innovative products to timely respond to fi nancial service demands in the fi elds of personal consumption and people s livelihood. Loans to energy-intensive, heavy-polluting and overcapacity industries were strictly controlled and the fi nancial leverage was actively utilized to support the reduction of overcapacities. While supporting diverse needs in the real economy, the Bank also tapped into new market areas by using instruments such as fi nancial leasing, short-term fi nancing bonds, medium term notes and syndicated loans.
Looking at the present and also far into the future, the Bank moved ahead with transformation and structural adjustment to achieve a tradeoff between providing a stronger impetus to profi t growth in the immediate future and paving the way for long-term development. The Bank recorded a 15.3% increase in net fee and commission income, which, as a percentage of operating income, rose to 21.13%. Based on full-scale standardization of service charges, the Bank focused strategic transformation on fi nancial asset services that are knowledge and technology intensive, more value added for customers and more user-friendly, shaping a group of new drivers of profi t growth. For example, income from investment banking services, including M&A and reorganization, rose by 43% due to the surge in the demand of enterprises involved in industry structural adjustment; income from physical precious metals, pension and private banking grew by more than 70%.
The Bank has preliminarily shaped its global network layout, including 329 overseas institutions across 40 countries and regions. As the largest shareholder of Standard Bank, a major bank in Africa, the Bank further set foot in fi nancial markets in 19 African countries, becoming one of China s banks boasting the broadest overseas presence. Net profi t of overseas institutions (excluding the investment in Standard Bank) added by 52.2%, much higher than that of domestic institutions and demonstrating the strong growth of overseas operations. Singapore Branch, the fi rst RMB clearing bank designated by the PBC beyond the territory of China, scored RMB2.5 trillion in RMB clearing in 2013.
Paying emphasis on the leading principle of reform, the Bank cracked down on diffi culties in its development in a reformatory way of thinking and acting, unleashing new vitality and impetus in the course of comprehensively deepening reforms. Beginning with reform and innovation in nine fi elds, the top-down design of reforms was strengthened to pursue breakthroughs in key areas and critical aspects. With business process reengineering and middle and back-offi ce operations centralization completed as scheduled, service effi ciency and customer experience were remarkably enhanced. In particular, in view of the fundamental revolution of banking operation management in the era of internet fi nance and Big Data , the Bank carried out farsighted overall planning and researches regarding IT-assisted banking development, introduced a range of key innovative products in light of consumer fi nance and mobile internet characteristics, including the E-business platform integrating online shopping, online fi nancing and consumer credit, consumer micro-fi nance based on direct purchases and small and medium merchant loans based on real trade. These moves catered for and harnessed market demands well.
Currently the Bank has 390 million E-banking customers, taking the lead in breaking the 100 million mark of mobile banking customers among Chinese banks. Annual E-banking transactions exceeded RMB380 trillion, accounting for more than 80% of total. Finance changes life. The Bank is dedicated to delivering fi nancial services more effi ciently at lower cost to customers through continuous fi nancial innovations.
Chairman s Statement 
Attaching great importance to preventing risk in a more predictive manner and to control risk more effectively, the Bank has used new ideas, new mechanisms and new techniques to enhance corporate governance and risk management, and to safeguard business stability and sustainability. Under the new circumstances of bank asset quality management against the backdrop of China s economic slowdown and strengthened structural adjustment, the Bank persisted in improving mechanisms, controlling sources and mitigating risks to keep asset quality stable, provisions suffi cient and risks controlled. Ratio of non-performing assets rose slightly by 0.09 percentage points to 0.94% while provision coverage ratio reached 257.19%, representing a leading level in the international banking community. In the sensitive period of volatile market liquidity woes, the Bank prudently managed the source and use of funds and maintained stability of liquidity, acting as a market stabilizer. The Bank also strengthened monitoring, analysis and examination of operational risk, intensifi ed governance in areas with frequent non-compliances and kept the internal risk exposures at historical lows.
The Bank improved corporate governance rules in accordance with the latest regulatory requirements to increase the comprehensiveness and effectiveness of group governance. In 2013, the Bank won a number of broadly recognized awards for its excellence in corporate governance, including the Hong Kong Corporate Governance Excellence Award and the Asia s Icon on Corporate Governance . The Bank was also included for the fi rst time into the list of Global Systemically Important Banks by the Financial Stability Board, which not only refl ects the rising international infl uence of Chinese banks, but also means that the Bank will receive stricter international supervision and get further involved in intense competition 
