Chairman’s Statement
In 2007, in light of the changes in the international fi nancial markets and the opening up of the domestic banking
industry, ICBC undertook various initiatives and maintained healthy and rapid development. The Bank achieved
commendable operating results in the fi rst full fi scal year as a publicly listed bank and made marked improvement in
its corporate governance.
The robust profi tability of the Bank has resulted in the rapid growth of corporate value and shareholders’ return. The
Group has achieved an after-tax profi t of RMB82,254 million and a net profi t attributable to equity holders of the
Bank of RMB81,520 million, representing a growth of 64.9% and 65.5%, respectively, compared to the previous
year. The return on average equity and the return on average total assets were 16.23% and 1.02%, respectively,
with a corresponding increase of 0.86 and 0.31 percentage point. Earnings per share amounted to RMB0.24 with a
growth rate of 33.3%. As at the end of 2007, the Bank has the highest market capitalization among all publicly listed
banks in the world, with its capitalization reaching USD338,934 million, representing a growth rate of 35%. The
Bank will honour its undertakings set out in the IPO prospectus, and distribute 45%–60% of its distributable profi t
as dividends in accordance with applicable legal procedures. The retained profi t shall be applied to supplement the
existing capital base to enable shareholders to benefi t from the Bank’s high rate of growth in profi t.
The thorough implementation of our strategy of operation transformation has made our growth in profi t even
more sustainable. After its establishment, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited has formulated its
new development plan on the basis of the strategy of operation transformation. In 2007, the Bank accelerated the
progress of this strategic plan. The optimized deposit structure has enabled the Bank to keep the growth of deposits
at a low cost in the cycle of rising market interest rate. With an optimized credit structure, the Bank has managed
to increase credit revenue whilst complying with macro-economic policies and maintaining moderate credit growth.
Improvement in the investment structure and comprehensive development of the fi nancial market business have
brought about substantial increase in income from treasury operation. The rapid development of the intermediary
business has further diversifi ed the drivers of growth in income. In 2007, net interest margin of the Bank was 2.80%,
representing a year-on-year increase of 0.39 percentage point. The non-credit interest income accounted for 30.47%
of the total income, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.69 percentage points. The net fee and commission
income has grown by 110.4%, accounting for 13.43% of operating income, representing a year-on-year increase
of 4.43 percentage points. These fi gures refl ected the improvement in the Bank’s operating structure and the rapid
growth of emerging businesses. At the same time, the enhanced capital base after its listing has enabled the Bank
to make further progress in implementing the strategies of comprehensive operation and global development. Last
year, we were the fi rst domestic commercial bank to set up a fi nancial leasing company. We successfully acquired
79.9333% of Seng Heng Bank, the largest local bank in Macau, and 20% of Standard Bank of South Africa, the
largest commercial bank in Africa. We also entered into new markets such as Russia and Indonesia. The businesses
of the Bank under the non-banking license have extended to areas such as investment banking, funds and fi nancial
leasing. With 112 overseas institutions, the Bank has formed a global service network covering major international
fi nancial centers and the main regions trading with China. The inter-market and global businesses have created
synergies and are becoming new drivers for our growth in profit.
????????????????
12
Improvement in services has further reinforced our competitiveness. We have designated the fi rst year after our listing
as the “Year of Quality Services”, featuring more systematic improvement and innovations in business processes,
distribution channels, IT systems, management systems, service modes and product varieties. Through better services,
customers could experience the proactive changes to the Bank after our listing. By providing a range of fi nancial
products and strengthening our ability to create value for customers, we have consolidated and expanded our
business advantage in the competitive global fi nancial industry. Through continuous efforts, services provided by the
Bank are getting increasingly closer to meeting the expectations of our customers. We are getting closer to becoming
the domestic fi nancial enterprise which provides the best services.
The continuous improvement in our corporate governance resulted in our refi ned modern fi nancial enterprise system.
Last year, the Bank further amended the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures for the Shareholders’
General Meeting, the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors in accordance with the regulatory requirements
of domestic and overseas regulatory authorities and our internal development needs as a listed company, thereby
improving the structure and effi ciency in the operations of the three organs above and our senior management. Mr.
Xu Shanda was elected as an independent director, and corresponding adjustment and enhancement of the special
committees under the Board of Directors were made. Mr. Xu has researched in the areas of macro-economics,
fi nance, government fi nance and tax for a long period of time. Not only is he the recognized expert in fi nance and
tax theories, he is also the designer and promoter of the reform of the taxation system in China. Mr. Xu will introduce
new experiences to the Board of Directors in enhancing the decision-making process and supervisory functions.
The refi nement of our corporate governance structure has further contributed to the systematic reform of our
management system and the operating mechanism. Last year, the Bank achieved signifi cant progress in the reform of
areas including comprehensive risk management, decentralized branch management, human resources management,
centralized fi nancial management and business operational management. The operating capabilities, momentum of
development and control of risk for the whole bank have been enhanced further.
Corporate social responsibilities are part of our development strategy. We believe in the integration of the “economic
person” and the “social person”. Whilst striving to create profi t and being responsible to shareholders, we recognize
and bear responsibility for the society and the environment. The Bank is the pioneer among domestic banks to
advocate the concept of “Green Credit Policy” through the launch of corresponding policies and measures to impose
strict limitation on credit offered to enterprises with high pollution and high energy consumption. The Bank also gives
appropriate funding support to those involved in energy saving and environmental protection, in order to promote
economic and social development that is harmonious with the natural environment. The Bank insists on running
operations in compliance with laws and regulations and with integrity, and actively fulfi lls its obligations for anti-
money laundering to maintain fi nancial safety and stability. The Bank’s concerns for people’s welfare and public
interests have won respect and trust from society. From this year onwards, the Bank will publish social responsibility
reports periodically to present the different aspects of social responsibilities performed by the Bank in relation to
shareholders, staff, customers, people’s welfare and environmental protection.
The commendable operating performance of the Bank in its fi rst year after listing has been widely acclaimed by
fi nancial media worldwide. The Banker, Global Finance, The Asset and Finance Asia have awarded the Bank as
the “Bank of the Year 2007 (China)”, the “Best Consumer Internet Bank (China)”, the “Best Domestic Custodian
(China)” and the “Best Cash Management Bank”. The Economic Observer has rated the Bank as the “Most Reputable
Enterprise in China”. International rating agencies have repeatedly upgraded the rating for the Bank. In particular,
Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s have upgraded our long-term credit rating to “A1” and “A-”, respectively.
All the results and progress which the Bank has achieved over its fi rst year after listing are attributed to the
supervision and assistance from the regulatory authorities, the trust and support from investors, customers and
members of the general public, and inevitably the diligence and contribution from our staff. I would like to express
my heart-felt thanks on behalf of the Board of Directors of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China.
In 2008, the Bank will complete its fi rst 3-year development plan after restructuring, and will formulate the strategic
plan for the next period. The main themes for the new year and the new phase are to enhance competitiveness,
upgrade corporate governance and expedite the establishment of a fi rst-class international modern fi nancial
enterprise in every aspect. The Bank will continue to refi ne its corporate governance structure, reinforce risk
management and internal control and expedite the formation of a system that is well governed, energetic, effi cient
and favorable to scientifi c development. The Bank will continue to promote the transformation of development
methods, explore new drivers for profi t growth, adjust the business and income structure in every aspect, and extend
the cycle of high profi t growth by transforming its operations. We will continue to pursue the direction of acquisition
as well as application for new organizations, and optimize our comprehensive and global development framework
to establish an inter-market and global operating network featuring coherence, appropriate positioning, diversifi ed
channels and highly effi cient operations.
This is a new year with new expectations. Although the current crisis of sub-prime mortgage on the international
fi nancial market is still continuing and the changes in the domestic economic situation have brought about
new challenges, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, having undergone reform and transformation, has
strengthened signifi cantly. Moreover, the Bank will continue to better equip itself to overcome various diffi culties at
ease in order to obtain better results for those who supported us with their trust.
Chairman: Jiang Jianqing
25 March 2008