Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited, I hereby present the 2014 full-year results of the Group.
Since the Shares of the Group were listed on the Stock Exchange in December 2013, the Group has been committed to implementing the development plan set out in the initial public offering prospectus dated December 9, 2013 to further develop the existing markets and expand its presence across the country. During the period under review, the Group recorded considerable achievements and its revenue amounted to RMB795.1 million, representing an increase of 30.0% from 2013 (2013 : RMB611.8 million). Benefiting from the organic growth of the Group s core businesses and the continued optimization of internal management, during the period under review, the gross profit margin of the Group was 80.0% (2013: 80.4%). Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to shareholders was RMB230.4 million, representing an increase of approximately 37.7% from last year (2013: RMB167.3 million).
Fu Shou Yuan insists on sharing achievements with investors. The Board proposes a final dividend of HK1.95 cents per share for 2014 to the Shareholders. Together with the interim dividend of HK1.95 cents per share distributed during the year, the total dividend for the full year of 2014 is HK3.9 cents per share, which is in line with the Group s dividend policy of maintaining a payout ratio of no less than 25% to reward all investors for their support.
2014 was the 20th anniversary of the establishment of Fu Shou Yuan Group and was also the first year after the listing of the Group. The Group recorded remarkable achievements during the period by leveraging on its capital advantages after listing, advanced operation philosophy and extensive management experience in the death care industry, as well as its proactive business expansion during the year. During the period under review, the Group not only further consolidated and optimized its operations in existing markets but also carried out mergers and acquisitions to map out the overall strategic presence which covers the whole nation. By evaluating the factors such as demographic characteristics, local funeral traditions, the competitive landscape and development stages of the death care services industry, the Group acquired merger and acquisition targets in a systematic and prudent way to prepare for venturing into areas where the Group has not established a presence. In addition, the Group took advantage of the favourable policy which encourages cooperation between the government and social capital to enter into strategic partnerships with local government bodies to invest in and operate local death care enterprises, support local death care reforms and pass on the advanced experience and culture of Fu Shou Yuan. During the period, the Group focused on development in Central and Northeast China and plan to establish nationwide business coverage through the Northeast market and replicate its successful experience to the whole country.

During the period under review, the Group carried out various merger, acquisition and cooperation projects, including the acquisition of Chongqing Baitayuan Funeral and Burial Development Co., Ltd (va}vTXWkl|v gPlQS), Liaoning Guanlingshan Cultural Landscape Cemetery Co., Ltd. (|[uqSWglQX gPlQS), Zaozhuang Shanting Xingtai Funeral Services Co., Ltd (hqNlkQ gR gPlQS) and Wuyuan Wanshoushan Lingyuan Co., Ltd (zZn#,XquW gPlQS); entered into strategic cooperation agreements with the government of Hunnan District, Shenyang City, the government of Fushun City and the government of Jinzhou City, Liaoning Province; and entered into an investment cooperation agreement with Anhui Huaibei City Cemetery ([_mSuW). In addition, two funeral parlours with cremation facilities were acquired along with these enterprises, which will facilitate the Group to further build up a complete business chain, fill the industrial chain gap and drive the sturdy growth in profitability. Through the above mergers and acquisitions, the Group acquired land with an area of more than 3.2 million square metres in 2014, of which land with certificates represented approximately 780,000 square metres. This success has surpassed the overall achievement of Fu Shou Yuan in its 20 years of development history. The Group will leverage its abundant development sites and cash resources to expand its operations to generate economies of scale and synergy for the Group and its shareholders.
Since becoming one of the first enterprises entering the death care services industry in 1994, Fu Shou Yuan has now become the largest death care services provider in China which provides professional and tailor-made death care services and enjoys a good reputation in 12 cities in the country. The present industry position and brand value of the Group were not only the results of the Group s professional high-quality services and team and insight into the industry and outstanding integration capability but also due to the fact that the green death care, humanities memorial and life undertakings currently engaged by the Group are solidly in line with the pace of urbanization and aging population in the PRC, thus allowing the Group firmly grasp the major trends of modernization, humanity, environmental protection and technology in the death care business in China. During 2014, all local branches of Fu Shou Yuan launched collective tree burial, lawn burial and burial at sea that meet ecological and land conservation purposes. Besides, environmentally friendly and scientific new memorial means such as online memorial were introduced. Such innovative means aroused much social concern and were widely accepted by the society. This facilitated the Group to pursue sustainable development for achieving win-win of profit growth and social benefits.
Over the year since our listing, Fu Shou Yuan has been granted various awards, which include a ranking of 82th, in the Forbes Top 100 Potential listed Enterprises in China in recognition of our outstanding performance, and also marked an unprecedented success of becoming the first selected death care enterprise since the release of the list.
Apart from this, the Group has been selected as Ten Best Brands for Innovation of Corporate Culture in Shanghai , awarded the Silver Prize for Case Appraisal of Excellent Public Relationship in Shanghai and Charity Honour Award by The Community Chest of Hong Kong in the past year, representing the wide recognition from various sectors of the community of our contribution to social charity and our philosophy in corporate culture, which is to break from tradition, enlighten the future, respect and pay tribute to lives .

As a leader in the death care services industry in the PRC, Fu Shou Yuan has persisted in assuming social responsibility and has upheld Chinese traditional values and cultural heritage. With this sense of responsibility, Fu Shou Yuan continued to walk on the road of charity and organized a series of charitable death care activities. In late 2014, Shanghai Fu Shou Yuan held a collective burial ceremony for the deceased elderly living alone or widowed and extremely poor families, providing the deceased a land of peace. The Group wants to dedicate its efforts in helping those in need in the society by way of humanities memorial so as to let the deceased rest in peace.
Looking ahead, Fu Shou Yuan will make persistent efforts to uphold the Group s development objective and philosophy for 20 years to promote a positive, healthy, civilized and peaceful Chinese culture with people as the basis and culture as the root and contribute in building a harmonious relation with the environment. In 2015, in view of the still immature market regulation, the Group will conduct appropriate and highly cost-effective mergers and acquisitions through large-scale investigations and studies and in strict compliance with laws and regulations.
After the acquisitions, by leveraging its quality management and operation, Fu Shou Yuan will proceed with cultural packaging and quality enhancement to increase the added value of the graveyards acquired so as to increase the overall level of quality and quantity of products and services, as well as to make overall headway towards standardization and personalization. The next year will be another year for Fu Shou Yuan to implement ambitious plans and expand its operations. The Group will unleash its market integration potential to generate considerable returns for investors. Meanwhile, being a model enterprise, the Group will continue to lead the modernization reform of the death care business in China, promote the healthy development of the national death care culture in terms of humanity, charity and environmental protection and commit itself to operating Fu Shou Yuan, a living entity that carries memories and emotions, in an appropriate way, so as to reward all investors with the best results.
By order of the Board Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited 
Hong Kong, March 18, 2015 