Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited, I hereby present the 2015 full-year results of the Group.
In 2015, the Group continued to expand the business presence of its core business across the country. Although China s economic growth has slowed down, the core business still managed to achieve robust growth due to the relatively limited impact of the economic cyclical fluctuation on the death care industry, the Group s successful execution of its business expansion strategy and the continuous improvement of its internal management. During the Year Under Review, the Group recorded satisfactory results with its revenue reaching RMB1,108.0 million, representing an increase of 39.3% compared with 2014 (2014: RMB795.1 million). The gross profit margin of the Group was 77.6% (2014: 80.0%). Net profit was RMB365.2 million, representing an increase of 28.1% compared with 2014 (2014: RMB285.1 million), of which profit and total comprehensive income attributable to shareholders was RMB284.4 million, representing an increase of 23.5% compared with 2014 (2014: RMB230.4 million).
The Board proposes a final dividend of HK2.39 cents per share for 2015 to the Shareholders. Together with the interim dividend of HK2.39 cents per share distributed during the year, the total dividend for the full year of 2015 is HK4.78 cents per share, which is in line with the Group s committed dividend policy to reward all investors for their 
During the Year Under Review, the Group further stepped up its development efforts in core business and actively expanded its business coverage. Currently, cemeteries and funeral facilities controlled by the Group span 15 cities throughout the PRC. In 2015, the Group contracted and completed the acquisitions of Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery (8]hquW) and Anyang Tianshouyuan Cemetery ([})YXW), and entered into a cooperation agreement with the government-operated funeral home of Dafeng City in Jiangsu Province in relation to the joint establishment of Dafeng Funeral Service Center. In 2014, the Group entered agreements to acquire Guanlingshan Cultural Cemetery (uqeSW) and Wuyuan Wanshoushan Cemetery (zZn,XquW), and such acqusitions were also completed in 2015. Those projects which were acquired successively since 2014 have started to bring in remarkable benefits to the Group, contributing sales revenue of RMB184 million during the Year Under Review, accounting for 16.6% of total sales revenue of the Group. During the year, in response to China s policies to promote Public-Private-Partnership (PPP) model, the Group has also successfully made significant inroads into the market in Shandong Province. We believe that our unprecedented move of supplementing the government and private cooperation on Build-Operate-Transfer ( BOT ) model to build funeral home, together with joint development of cemeteries, will set a good example for implementing strategic cooperation agreements with other local governments and will facilitate further breakthroughs in strategic cooperation of the Group with local governments in the PRC in the future. The Group has completed the construction of the production base for environment-friendly cremation machines in Guangde City in Anhui Province during 2015. Preparation work for mass production and sales progressed according to plan. It is believed that such cremation machines business will make considerable contribution to the business growth of the Group in the foreseeable future.

During the Year Under Review, the Group has set up Fu Shou Yuan Life Service College (yXWu}T gRx[b) , to promote life education in in all aspects, cultivate our culture among staff, and enhance the promotion of corporate culture. The college will nurture a huge number of staff who recognize Fu Shou Yuan culture, in keeping our human resources development aligned with our acquisition and expansion.
Meanwhile, the Group has carried out multi-faceted strategic cooperation comprehensively to provide strong support to the leap-frog development of its business. During the Year Under Review, the investment in the Group by Sunshine Life Insurance Co., Ltd.* (}IQNXON gPlQS) has optimized the equity structure of the Group and led the Group to further develop in terms of scale, diversity and penetration. The Group has also entered into a strategic cooperation with Service Corporation International ( SCI ) of the United States, whereby both parties will join hands to propel development of the death care industry in the PRC and around the world. In addition, the Group has entered into strategic cooperation agreements with numerous banks in the PRC through which credit facilities and financial service support were secured so that the Company can strengthen its partnership with banks and diversify its financing channels. Such multi-level strategic cooperation has further strengthened the Group s capital base, unlocked more market opportunities and strengthen its brand, and in turn enabled Group to pursue diversified development and more rapid growth in the future.
The Group maintained healthy development along its organic and extensive growth path. It is only with the unwavering support from all sectors of the society and each of our staff, that we can achieve our goals and accomplish today s achievements. I would like to take this opportunity, on behalf of the Board, to thank all shareholders, business partners and customers of the Company for their trust and support. Looking forward to year 2016, the Group will leverage its leading business strength, consolidation capability and capital strength to shore up its core competence and service standards while expanding the business scope of the Group to promote the Group s cutting-edge branding experience across the country. It will further increase the Group s brand value and promote modernized integration of China s death care industry in a comprehensive way. In addition, the Group will, in addition to extending its business presence, implement more stringent integration and management on its acquired subsidiaries in order to create more synergistic effect with such subsidiaries to lay a solid foundation for the steady and sustainable growth in both business and revenue. The Group will continue to leverage on better corporate governance, management structure and prudent financial strategy to push forward its people-oriented development ideology which takes its root in culture. The Group will continue to pursue win-win strategy by delivering social benefits whilst seeking profit growth. It will continue to step up its efforts in supporting charity, implanting the culture of humanity, developing environmental-protection cause and cultivating the unique culture of the Group, which in turn will maximize value and create best return for our shareholders.
By the order of the Board Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited 
Hong Kong, March 18, 2016 