CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited, I hereby present the 2016 full-year
results of the Group.
In 2016, China’s economy was stable and positive. The gross domestic product (GDP) increased by 6.7% year-onyear,
making a good start of the 13th Five-Year Plan. During 2016, the Group recorded good results by continuing
to deepen its core business and expand its business coverage. The Group’s revenue amounted to RMB1,267.7
million, representing an increase of 14.4% compared to the same period in 2015. Net prot was RMB448.5 million,
representing an increase of 22.8% compared with 2015, of which prot and total comprehensive income attributable
to shareholders was RMB339.0 million, representing of an increase 19.2% compared to the same period last year.
The Board proposes a nal dividend of HK2.60 cents per Share for 2016 to the Shareholders to reward all investors
for their support. Together with the interim dividend of HK2.57 cents per Share distributed during the Year, the total
dividend for the full year of 2016 is HK5.17 cents per share, which is in line with the Group’s committed dividend
policy to reward all investors for their support.
In 2016, the Group consolidated its development in core business and expanded its business area, laying a good
foundation for the long-term development. Currently, cemeteries and funeral facilities controlled by the Group
cover 16 cities across China. Changzhou Qifengshan Cemetery was acquired at the end of 2015 and delivered the
expected revenue and the two cemeteries in Anyang City and Huaibei City started to generate revenue in 2016.
Moreover, the Group also signed an agreement during the Year to acquire Luoyang Xianhe Cemetery to broaden the
coverage in Henan, which further combined the traditional with modern death care industry culture. During the Year,
the Group consistently deepened its cooperation with local governments by PPP (Public-Private Partnership) model,
making further extension and improvement on the cooperation scope and model. In January and February 2016, the
Group developed partnership with the local governments of Tai’an City in Shandong Province, and Bishan District
in Chongqing Municipality under the BOT (Build-Operate-Transfer) model. In addition, the Group entered into an
agreement with Xuancheng City of Anhui Province in September 2016. We believe that merger & acquisition and our
extensive involvement with local governments in burial and funeral projects by PPP model will be the drivers for our
long term stable growth with the marketization trend in death care services industry.
During the Year, the Group extended its business coverage and upgraded its industrial chain. In response to
Guidelines on the Promotion of Land-saving Ecological Burial issued by the nine ministries including the Ministry of
Civil Affairs, the Group not only enhanced the promotion and sales of the environmental funeral but also accelerated
the research and development of the environmental facilities. Our self-developed environmental-friendly cremation
machine successfully passed an authoritative environmental assessment and the accreditation of national expert
level in June and December 2016 respectively, which was exported to Mongolia and Russia. The cremator business
was recognized by the international market from the very beginning. Meanwhile, the Group achieved a strategic
breakthrough in the pre-need contract market by establishing pre-need business department and launching trial sale
of pre-need contract for funeral services. The good beginning constituted a solid foundation for further development
of the new business.
2016 was the 60th year of China’s reform in death care industry. Fu Shou Yuan is the participant and leader, also
one of the beneciaries of this reform. Fu Shou Yuan not only becomes an “indicator of growth” in industrial and
investment eld, but brings humanity, environmental protection, charity and care into their daily work based on the
awareness of taking responsibilities for the enterprise, society, industry and history in order to promote the longrun
development of the company and the industry. During the Year, “Fu Shou Yuan Life Service College” operated
well and effectively. Cultural inheritance and talent reserve are the effective way for the Company’s sustainable
development and also the core code of Fu Shou Yuan. Besides, the Group constantly deepened international
communication and cooperation by establishing “Brother Cemetery” with “Parque De Las Memorias” of Bolivia. All
of these led us to be recognized by various sectors of the community. During the Year, the Group was awarded “the
Excellent Design Prize of the Sixth IDEA-KING Award”, Gold Award in “Excellent Shanghai Public Relations Cases”
and “2016 Outstanding Brand Image” of China Finance Summit. 2016 was the third year the Group entered into the
Hong Kong capital market and Fu Shou Yuan is also officially included into list of eligible stocks to be traded under
Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect Program. Also the Group was granted “IFAPC Outstanding Listed Companies
Award 2016”, which fully reects investors’ recognition for Fu Shou Yuan since its Listing.
Looking forward, the Group will further focus on the development of our core business, explore innovation and new
extension business and will parallelly impel our internal and external developments to provide diversified quality
services to customers. The Group will also deeply carry out the principle of “innovation, harmony, green, openness,
sharing” proposed by the central government to ensure it will continuously take development quality and efficiency as
the center, to ensure the shareholders’ benets and maximize the values.
By the order of the Board
Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited
Bai Xiaojiang
Chairman