Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited, I present the 2013 full-year results of the Group.
During the period of 2013, Fu Shou Yuan successfully achieved the business objectives set at the beginning of the year and recorded encouraging results.
During the year under review, its revenue amounted to RMB611.8 million, representing an increase of 27.5% from 2012 (2012 : RMB480.0 million). As the Group s operating revenue continued to grow during the year, it also optimized the Group s internal management, and maintained a gross profit margin at 80.4% for the year ended December 31, 2013. The Group realized profit and total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company of RMB167.3 million in 2013, representing a significant increase of approximately 34.6% from 2012 (2012: RMB124.3 million).
Fu Shou Yuan will insist in its philosophy of sharing growth and achievements with investors. Given that the Group was recently listed on the Stock Exchange in December 2013, the Board does not intend to pay a final dividend for 2013 to the Shareholders. The Group will maintain a payout ratio of no less than 25% to reward all investors for their support in subsequent periods. However, we will annually review our dividend policy.
2013 was undoubtedly witnessing a breakthrough year for Fu Shou Yuan. Fu Shou Yuan listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange on December 19, 2013, it honored that the Group becomes the first PRC funeral company s share listed in Hong Kong, successfully landed at Hong Kong, an international financial platform, and showed our bloom, while ranked No. 1 in terms of the number of applicants for shares in Hong Kong in 2013. The successful Listing of Fu Shou Yuan represents the widely recognition of our innovative operating philosophy among communities, and is confident of the huge development potential of the PRC death care industry. The Group bears a great responsibility and a strong driven force to be the leader and integrator of the PRC death care industry, which persisting in stepping forward to our mission in a large extent.
Fu Shou Yuan was one of the first enterprise entrants into the PRC death care services industry since 1994, the death care and cemetery concept was subverted and combined with traditional death care culture and modern philosophy. The Group not only provides professional and tailor-made comprehensive services, but also satisfies demand of different customer groups; we also strive in transforming cemetery into park through humanity approach, and help people to seek for warmth and energy from past memories of lives and let farewell more beautiful. Through the progress of transformation into a public company, the Group successfully achieves a diversified, balanced and healthy ownership structure comprising founding shareholders, management, social communities and investors.
In 2013, we have attained a sustainable and rapid growth in results, and have maintained strong profitability at the same time. Through 20 years of unflagging effort, in terms of income scale and geographical coverage, Fu Shou Yuan has become the largest death care services provider in the PRC, providing our customers with quality, high value-added death care services and humanity and care in major cities in eight provinces.

Let there be a careful attention to perform the funeral rites to parents, and let them be followed when long gone with the ceremonies of sacrifice - then the virtue of the people will resume its proper excellence. 0NaB} l_xkS 0, Chinese 5,000 years culture has a long history, death care custom is particularly deep-rooted in our culture. Filial piety that parents, when alive, be served according to propriety; that, when dead, they should be buried according to propriety; and that they should be sacrificed to according to propriety . 0u _KNNy{k lKNNy myKNN y 0 is one of the most valuable virtues of the Chinese culture, and the foundation of essence and social moral of traditional value. There is a baby boom in the PRC since 1950 s, thus the aging population has eventually arrived.
With urbanization speeding up in the PRC and improving material conditions, people s spiritual pursuit has also been improved, and they are willing to set aside more budget on death care services and are more demanding towards death care services, thus the operating philosophy and service standard of death care industry shall be enhanced accordingly, which providing unlimited opportunities to the Company.
As a leader in the death care services industry in the PRC, the Group has persisted in assuming social responsibility and has upheld Chinese traditional values and cultural heritage. While ensuring our earnings, we uphold Chinese values of filial piety, family responsibility and showing respect to one s ancestors as an important guideline when we design and provide death care services. We conform to the wishes the deceased may have had or to the preferences of the family of the deceased, and advocate Chinese traditional filial piety culture through providing quality services.
Moreover, the Group has placed a strong emphasis on public welfares, promoting Chinese traditional culture and values, which also strengthen our brand recognition and consolidate our leading position in our history. In 2013, we were awarded Top Ten Most Investment-Worthy Brand in Asia by the Global Times, the China Economic Herald and the Asia Brand Association. In March 2014, as the only candidate in death care industry, we, together with the Radio and Television Shanghai ( NwmdS), Shanghai Media Group ( NwmqgePZW gPlQS) and other enterprises, were awarded Ten Best Corporate Cultural Innovative Brands in Shanghai for 2012-2013 (2012-2013 
NwmOmieSuReASsOTLr) by Shanghai Enterprise Culture Promotion Association ( 
the same month, we became a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Composite Index.
Prior to Listing, the Group has sustainably explored and practiced in corporate governance. The Group not only engaged external independent third-party as our internal control adviser, but also improved our internal structure through a quadruple supervision structure consisting of function centre, internal control centre, internal control adviser and professional committees. In respect of Fu Shou Yuan Group after Listing, the objective of corporate governance is not only a simply stress and repeat, but target to a new height, which positioned our corporate governance to be a world-class enterprise, and strive to transform from a passed corporate governance to a first- class corporate governance; strive to transform from system-based corporate governance to awareness and action-based corporate governance; strive to extend the governance efficiency to development of organization and personnel; and supervised by our Shareholders and stakeholders through an open, transparent and market-oriented 
2014 is the twentieth anniversary of the establishment of Fu Shou Yuan and the first year after Listing. On behalf of all the fellows of Fu Shou Yuan, I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to all circles of society which recognize and support us during the course of Listing and after Listing. Fu Shou Yuan will always show gratitude and reward all investors with the best results, and we will not disappoint your believe and encouragement.
The fellows of the Group will make persistent efforts and turn on our engine to speed up our development in this new Horse Year, in order to achieve the long-term development of Fu Shou Yuan and drive the progress of the PRC death care business with persisting effort! By order of the Board Fu Shou Yuan International Group Limited 
Hong Kong, March 26, 2014 