Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
We are very honored to present to the shareholders the annual
results for the year ended 31 December 2016 (the “Year”), the third
annual results of Q Technology (Group) Company Limited since its
listing on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (“Stock Exchange”).
BUSINESS REVIEW
During the Year, although the global and the PRC economies
encountered more fluctuations due to influences from various
aspects and many sectors faced considerable difficulties and
challenges, however, the global mobile phones market still
maintained a stable growth. China’s smartphone brands received
higher recognition from customers on product design reputation
and cost/price performance through continuous product innovation
and effective marketing measures, hence, the market share of
various leading brands increased significantly, and the market
share of China’s smartphone brands increased steadily and the
supply chain of China’s smartphone brands also achieved a stable
development. Through relentless efforts, the Group established
cooperative relationships with China’s major smartphone brands
which had greatly improved our customer base and rapidly
enhanced our product portfolio, and the Group was able to
maintain its strong competitiveness in the intense competitive
market. During the Year, the Group’s business achieved a rapid
growth.
Looking back to the year of 2016, with the trust and support of
our core customers and the relentless efforts of all our employees,
both the sales volume and revenue of the Group increased rapidly,
among which, the sales volume of camera modules reached
approximately 177.40 million units, representing an increase
of approximately 80.3% as compared with that of 2015, while
the sales volume of fingerprint recognition modules reached
approximately 20.94 million units, representing an increase of over
2,000 times than that of 2015. The revenue recorded by the Group
amounted to approximately RMB4,991,158,000, representing an
increase of approximately 126.6% as compared with that of 2015.
The year-on-year growth in revenue was faster than that of the
sales volume, mainly due to the surge of average selling price of
camera modules as a result of the significant enhancement of the
product pixel mix of camera modules, and the average selling price
of fingerprint recognition modules which recorded a rapid growth
in 2016 is higher than the overall product average selling price of
2015. Thus, the overall product average selling price increased by
approximately RMB2.78 (or approximately 12.4%) as compared
with that of 2015 to approximately RMB25.16. The average
selling price of camera modules increased by approximately
RMB1.71 (or approximately 7.7%) as compared with that of
2015 to approximately RMB24.09, mainly due to the significant
enhancement of product pixel mix of camera modules and the
commencement of mass production of dual camera modules.
During the Year, the gross profit margin of the Group was
approximately 8.5%, representing a decrease of approximately
2.4 percentage points as compared with approximately 10.9% of
2015. The decrease in gross profit margin was mainly attributable
to: the drop-off range of the average selling price of same product
resulting from the intensified market competition exceeded the
drop-off range of the average purchase price of the raw materials
of the product. Further, various production raw materials of
the Group were purchased from overseas and settled in US
dollars (“USD”). Due to the depreciation of the exchange rate of
RMB against USD by approximately 6.8% during the Year, the
purchasing costs of raw materials was further pushed up and,
hence, increased the proportion of the composite costs of raw
materials in the total revenue of the Group.
During the year under review, the Group has proactively responded
to the market demand for high pixel products and developed
the mid-to-high end camera modules with resolution of 8 mega
pixels and above. The total sales volume of camera modules with
resolution of 8 mega pixels and above significantly increased
by approximately 78.27 million units to approximately 117.16
million units as compared with that of 2015, which accounted
for approximately 66.0% of the Group’s total sales volume of
camera modules for the Year (2015: approximately 39.5%), and
approximately 81.2% of the Group’s total revenue of camera
modules for the Year (2015: approximately 55.2%). The sales
volume of high-end camera modules with resolution of 13 mega
pixels and above has significantly increased by approximately
35.82 million units to approximately 41.48 million units as
compared with that of 2015, which accounted for approximately
23.4% of the Group’s total sales volume of camera modules for
the Year (2015: approximately 5.8%), and approximately 39.8% of
the Group’s total revenue of camera modules for the Year (2015:
approximately 13.4%). The rapid increase in the sales volume and
proportion of mid-to-high end camera modules has demonstrated
the increasing market recognition of the Group’s high-end
products, which made the Group to be more competitive in the
high pixels products segment and laid a solid foundation for further
increasing the sales volume of products with resolution of 13 mega
pixels and above as well as the dual camera modules in future.
Meanwhi le, the sales volume of fingerprint recognition
modules amounted to approximately 20.94 million units (2015:
approximately 7,000 units), which accounted for approximately
10.6% of the Group’s total sales volume for the Year, and
approximately 14.4% of the Group’s total revenue for the Year,
among which, the fingerprint recognition modules that adopted
cover plate technique accounted for approximately 35.3% of the
total sales volume of fingerprint recognition modules. The rapid
increase in the sales volume of fingerprint recognition modules
was, on one hand, benefited from the rapid growth in demand
from smartphone brands for fingerprint recognition modules,
and, on the other hand, it also demonstrated the high market
recognition of the Group’s comprehensive ability, which laid a solid
foundation for further increasing the market share of the Group in
fingerprint recognition modules in future.
During the Year, the Group continues to place great emphasis
on maintaining and expanding its domestic and overseas quality
customer base. On one hand, the Group maintained close
cooperative relationship with its core customers, and no core
customers was lost. On the other hand, subsequent to the
establishment of cooperative relationships with several customers
such as Xiaomi, Asus and Chino in 2015, the Group also
developed various customers such as Huawei and Motorola during
the Year, and established supply cooperative relationships with
these renowned enterprises for camera modules and/or fingerprint
recognition modules products, which demonstrated the Group’s
good customer relationship management and sales capabilities.
The optimization of customer base laid a good foundation for the
subsequent strengthening of business development of fingerprint
recognition modules, camera modules with resolution of 13 mega
pixels and above and dual camera modules.
During the Year, the Group continuously reviewed and improved
its production know-how and was dedicated in developing more
advanced functionalities and products. On one hand, the Group
established cooperative relationships with several companies such
as MTK and Qualcomm on dual camera modules algorithm to
further enhance the Group’s capability of developing dual camera
modules products, which enables the Group to become one of the
few earliest companies in the mass production and sales of dual
camera modules in Mainland China, and one of the few companies
able to mass produce dual camera modules with various
solutions such as RGB+RGB, RGB+MONO and WIDE+TELE
in Mainland China. On the other hand, the Group constantly
enhanced its research and development (“R&D”) efforts in the
leading technologies such as gesture recognition, light sensing
recognition, iris recognition and super-large aperture, which
enables the Group to become one of the few camera modules
manufacturers in the industry with leading technologies such as
dual camera, PDAF, gesture recognition, iris recognition, high-end
modules with resolution of 16 mega pixels and above, and F1.7
large aperture. The shipments of dual camera modules, high-end
modules with resolution of 16 mega pixels and above, fingerprint
recognition modules and outdoor sports camera modules have
already achieved bulk deliveries.
AWARDS AND HONORS
During the Year, we continued to adhere to our customer-oriented
service strategies, always considered the provision of good
personal experience for customers as our operation direction
and devoted our best efforts to satisfy customers’ needs in
product R&D, sales delivery, after-sales service, product quality
and technology innovation, and earned positive recognition
of the Group’s products and services from the industry, local
governments and our customers.
In April 2016, the trademark “Q Tech and Q Image” used by
Kunshan Q Technology Limited (“Kunshan QT China”), a whollyowned
subsidiary of the Group, received the 2015 “Jiangsu
Renowned Trademark” honorary title granted by Jiangsu
Administration for Industry and Commerce. The honorary title is
valid for three years and is effective from 28 December 2015.
In April 2016, the “Q Tech camera modules” manufactured and
sold by Kunshan QT China won the 2015 “Jiangsu Famous-brand
Product” honorary title granted by Jiangsu Strategic Top Brand
Promotion Committee. The honorary title is valid for three years
and is effective from December 2015 to December 2018.
In December 2016, Kunshan QT China won the “2016 ZTE Global
Best Partner Award” granted by ZTE Corporation. This is the fifth
consecutive year that Kunshan QT China has won the said award.
In January 2017, Kunshan QT China won the “Quality Advance
Award” granted by Huaqin Telecom Technology Co., Ltd..
In January 2017, Kunshan QT China won the “Qual ity
Management Standard Award” granted by Huawei Device
Company Limited.
The aforementioned awards and honors had reflected the high
recognition by local governments and our core customers, which
has further enhanced our confidence in driving the product
mix optimization strategies and providing customers with good
personal experience, and also further strengthened our confidence
in maintaining a sound operation.
PROSPECTS
Although the operating results of the Group in 2016 recorded
a significant growth as compared with that of 2015, and the
customer base and product mix were significantly optimized,
however, the Directors are also well aware that 2017 will still
be full of challenges. On one hand, the global macro political
and economic situation remains unpredictable and fraught with
uncertainties, the growth in overseas and China’s consumer
demand are still difficult to ascertain, uncertainties in the prospect
of the intelligent mobile communication terminal industry also
remains high under the macro-economic environment, and
the growth rate of mobile phones and tablet PC industry may
be lower. On the other hand, major customers of the Group
are brand smartphone manufacturers in Mainland China, while
overseas mobile phone brands are actively scrambling for market
share, the impact of new products that will be launched by those
overseas brands on China’s brand smartphone manufacturers
is unpredictable and our existing customers may be unable to
continue to record its growth rate as in the past, thereby affecting
our shipments. Moreover, affected by multiple factors such as
politics, economy, and supply and demand, the trend of RMB
against USD may still be fluctuating. As it is difficult to reverse in
the short run the Group’s business pattern that comprises of sales
revenue settled in RMB but overseas purchases of various core
components settled in USD, accordingly, the task on management
of exchange risks remains heavy. However, the Directors remain
cautiously optimistic about the ongoing demand for camera
modules and fingerprint recognition modules, and believe that:
(i) Camera modules will remain one of the end-consumers’
most concerned smartphone configuration, and consumer
demands for camera modules with enhanced functionality
will continue to remain high, which will lead to continuous
improvement in product specifications. The Group has
obtained the qualification for supplying high pixel products to
the major customers in camera module products, which will
help the Company to further uplift the shipment proportion of
single camera modules with resolution of 13 mega pixels and
above.
(ii) Camera modules are the most important human-machinery
information interactive interface during the Internet of Things
era, which enable the continuous expansion of camera
modules’ application fields. The demand for camera modules
by products such as AR, VR, MR and motor vehicles may
give a new growth potential for the volume expansion of
camera modules.
(iii) With the increasingly improved dual camera modules
solutions, a number of global and China’s renowned brands
have already adopted the dual camera modules solutions in
their products and positive feedback from end-consumers
have been received. This may lead to a remarkable
improvement in penetration rate of dual camera modules in
the future and hence will bring new and increased demand for
camera modules.
(iv) While personal data privacy protection and mobile payment
become an increasingly important demand for endconsumers,
intelligent mobile communication terminals such
as mobile phones are becoming important personal data
storage and mobile payment instruments for end-consumers.
As such, with the end-consumer’s increasing demand for
higher security for mobile phones, fingerprint recognition
modules are gradually becoming the standard equipment
for smartphones and therefore stimulate the rapid growth
of fingerprint recognition modules business. The Group
has established the supply cooperation with various wellknown
brand smartphone manufacturers in China regarding
fingerprint recognition modules, which will contribute to our
continuous efforts in striving for rapid development of the
fingerprint recognition modules business.
(v) In addition to optical design and precision manufacturing,
the sound functionalities of dual/multiple camera modules
have more vital demand for image algorithm. Our related
company established in Chengdu possessed good technical
preparation in image algorithm and with certain customer
resources, and the technical cooperation and customers’
collaborative marketing between the Group and the related
company in precision manufacturing and image algorithm
is likely to favour our expansion in the dual/multiple camera
modules business.
Hence, the Directors believe, as opportunities coexist with
challenges, the Group will adhere to the mission of “providing
comprehensive machinery vision and human vision product
solutions for intelligent mobile terminals” to strengthen the
capacity deployment in three aspects, namely optical design,
computing vision and deep learning, continue to enhance the
R&D of new products and new processes, continue to improve
precision manufacturing capability, proactively carry out customer
relationship marketing, aggressively expand overseas renowned
smartphone branded customers and continuously enhance the
core competitiveness of the Group. We will focus on developing
high-end camera modules with resolution of 16 mega pixels and
above and dual camera modules, with an effort to strengthen the
technical cooperation and resource integration in image algorithm
of dual/multiple camera modules, at the same time striving to
achieve a breakthrough in the application of camera modules in
non-mobile-phone sector. The Directors are confident to lead the
Group to embrace the challenges, and make further efforts to
achieve good development and strive to create greater value for
the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”).
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
The Group sincerely thank the directors, the management and the
entire staff for their dedication and loyal services to the Group,
without which we would not have witnessed increasing sales
growth. I would personally like to take this opportunity to give
thanks on behalf of the board of directors to the shareholders,
clients, partners, suppliers and banks for their trust and support
accorded.
He Ningning
Chairman
Hong Kong
16 March 2017