Chairman s Statement 
We are very honored to present to the shareholders the annual results for the year ended 31 December 2015 (the Year ), the second annual results of Q Technology (Group) Company Limited since its listing on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( Stock Exchange ).

Looking back to the year of 2015, the path to global economic recovery was still fraught with difficulties and challenges, while the economic growth rate of the PRC continued to slow down.
At the same time, the median price of RMB versus US Dollar ( USD ) decreased by over 6% during the Year, far exceeded that in the year of 2014. Despite the lowering of the reserve ratio and benchmark interest rates by PRC s central bank for five times during the Year to increase money supply, however, the GDP growth rate of the PRC for the Year still dropped below 7% for the first time in the past three decades. The securities market also experienced a roller-coaster type fluctuation. In view of the aforesaid situations, the structural adjustment of the PRC economy still encountered multiple pressures. Despite the complicated domestic and global economic environments and the very unpromising situations in certain industries, the mobile telecommunication industry still maintained its vigour. According to the research data released by a leading market research, analysis and advisory corporation specialising in information technology, telecommunications and consumer technology, the shipment volume of global mobile phones and smartphones still maintained a growth during the Year, and the PRC branded smartphones, in fact, had further improved their influence and market share 
During the Year, as one of the main suppliers of camera modules for mid-to-high end smartphone brands in the PRC, the Group continued to adhere to the mission of providing satisfactory experiences to customers and firmly implemented the corporate strategy of dual adjustment in customer structure and product mix. We successfully realized a continuous growth in sales capacity, among which, the shipment volume of camera modules reached approximately 98,390,000 units, representing an increase of approximately 18.9% as compared with that of year 2014. Revenue for the Year amounted to approximately RMB2,202,395,000, representing an increase of approximately 1.9% as compared with that of year 2014. However, due to competition in the industry and certain adverse conditions for operation, including decrease in average selling price, increase in manufacturing costs and increase in foreign exchange costs, the gross profit of the Group dropped and led to a decrease in profit after taxation of the Group during the Year. Profit after taxation for the Year amounted to approximately RMB101,999,000, representing a decrease of approximately 47.8% as compared with that of year 2014. Basic and diluted earnings per share for the Year were approximately RMB0.101 and RMB0.098, respectively.
During the Year, we consistently focused on the core corporate strategy of dual adjustment in customer structure and product mix. On the basis of continuously maintaining close and favourable cooperation relationship with our core customers, on one hand, we vigorously expanded overseas quality mobile telecommunication terminal branded customers, achieving a breakthrough in marketing several leading overseas smartphone branded customers, and, on the other hand, we fully explored the PRC branded smartphone manufacturers by taking the open channels as main marketing channels, and had successfully explored several well-known brand enterprises, including a leading renowned brand in the PRC, and achieved our target in customer structure adjustment. Furthermore, we constantly enhanced our research and development ( R&D ) efforts and technical innovation, continuously implemented improvements to 
our production technologies in order to upgrade the quality of our products. During the Year, we carried out product mix adjustment progressively. On one hand, we successfully established a gradual in-depth cooperative relationship with mainstream fingerprint recognition chips suppliers such as Fingerprint Cards AB ( FPC ) and Goodix, laying a solid foundation for entering the fingerprint recognition module business, and, on the other hand, we achieved a significant breakthrough in dualmultiple camera, phase detection auto-focus ( PDAF ), optical image stabilization ( OIS ), iris recognition, high-end products with over 20 mega pixels and outdoor sports camera modules. Such adjustment in product mix has shown initial results.
For traditional product pixel mix, our product mix also improved to a certain extent during the Year. The shipment volume of products with resolution of 5 mega pixels and higher accounted for approximately 90.5% (2014: 84.0%) of the total shipment volume and its revenue accounted for approximately 94.7% (2014: 92.5%) of the total revenue. The shipment volume of products with resolution of 8 mega pixels and higher accounted for approximately 39.5% (2014: 19.7%) of the total shipment volume and its revenue accounted for approximately 55.2% (2014: 34.5%) of the total revenue. The shipment volume of products with resolution of 13 mega pixels and higher accounted for approximately 5.8% (2014: 2.6%) of the total shipment volume and its revenue accounted for approximately 13.4% (2014: 6.6%) of the total revenue. The above sales analysis of product pixel mix demonstrated that there is increasing demand for our high-end products which have gained recognition of the market and customers. Although the increases in the shipment volume and revenue of the products with 13 mega pixels and higher were relatively moderate and the sales and promotion of newly developed dualmultiple camera, PDAF, OIS products were still in its initialization stage, we had successfully obtained the qualification of high-end pixel products of all major customers during the Year, which established a solid foundation for further optimizing the Group s product pixel mix.

With the correct customer structure and product mix adjustment strategy adopted by the management along with dedication of all staff, we managed to maintain a stable growth in business capacity and achieved our anticipated goals of adjusting customer structure smoothly under a difficult, complicated and competitive market environment, laying a good foundation for the subsequent continuous optimization of product mix. Meanwhile, the Company continued to maintain its healthy corporate culture and management structure and devotes unremitting efforts in the R&D of high-end products and automated production, earned good market reputation and received positive recognition from the industry and clients. These efforts had established a solid foundation for the Group for forging a better brand image.
After taking into consideration of our operation strategies and in order to maintain sufficient working capital, the Board does not recommend the payment of any final dividend for the Year.
AWARDS AND HONORS In 2015, we continued to adhere to the customer-oriented service strategies and devoted our best efforts to satisfy customers needs in product R&D, delivery, quality and technology innovation, which helped us to earn positive recognition of our products and services from the industry, the local government and our customers.

In August 2015, Kunshan Q Technology Limited ( Kunshan QT China ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, won the Best Cooperation Award presented by Shanghai HUAQIN Telecom Technology Co. Ltd. ( Shanghai Huaqin ) at the 10th anniversary of Shanghai Huaqin, and became the only module manufacturer to receive such award.
In November 2015, Kunshan QT China won the 2015 Global Partner Excellence Award given by ZTE Corporation. This is the fourth consecutive year that Kunshan QT China has won the said 
In November 2015, Kunshan QT China won the 2015 Core Supplier of the Year Award and High Quality Supplier Award awarded by Yulong Computer Telecommunication Scientific (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.. This is also the second time that Kunshan QT China has won the said awards.
In February 2016, Kunshan QT China was awarded the 2015 Top Ten Brand-building Enterprise in Kunshan, Jiangsu Province, the PRC. This is the first time that Kunshan QT China has won this award. Kunshan QT China will also be awarded a bonus amounting to RMB1,000,000 by the Kunshan Municipal People s 
The aforementioned awards and honors had reflected the high recognition of us by the local government and our core customers, which has enhanced our confidence in driving the product mix optimization strategies and maintaining sound operation.

As far as we are aware and concerned, 2016 will still be full of challenges. On one hand, the global and domestic economic environments are still fraught with uncertainties, the adjustment to the PRC economic structure still requires time and the growth in overseas demand still has uncertainties. Moreover, the uncertainties in the prospect of the mobile telecommunication industry also remain high under the macro economic environment.
On the other hand, affected by multiple factors such as politics, economy, and supply and demand, the trend of RMB against USD is still subject to great uncertainties and the control task of our exchange risks remains heavy. However, we believe that the smart mobile telecommunication terminals industry in 2016 will still be prosperous, and the demand for innovative products will bring more opportunities for the Group. On one hand, our adjustment in customer structure has demonstrated its initial results. This helps the Group to establish cooperation relationship in full pixel with certain leading mobile phone brands in the PRC and a number of top brands from overseas and also achieve a substantive breakthrough in the R&D and production of new products including PDAF, dualmultiple camera module and face recognition, thereby building a good foundation for striving to realize the continuous growth in our sales capacity and the significant improvement in product pixel mix. On the other hand, as disclosed in an announcement of the Company dated 29 January 2016, the Group has commenced mass production and sales of fingerprint recognition modules ( Fingerprint Recognition Business ), and has established cooperation relationship with two leading smartphone brands manufacturers in China, which is expected to lay a solid foundation for the Group for achieving business growth highlights in the forthcoming financial years along with the development of the new products sector. Therefore, we shall maintain a service strategy that focuses on customer experience, further improve the development of new products and new technology, elevate our automated production standards, actively enhance the percentage of sales of products with 13 mega pixels and higher and aggressively drive the exploration of Fingerprint Recognition Business. Also, we shall continue our efforts in expanding the business cooperation with target customers, further optimizing our customer structure and product mix and improving our influence in and contribution to the industry.

Recalling the past, looking at today and prospecting the future, we are confident in leading our staff to tackle challenges, seize opportunities and maximize returns for our shareholders. At the same time, we are also fully aware that, under the ever changing macro environment, our business is facing various challenges.
As the ever-intense industry competition might lead to even more intense price competition, the task of developing target customers might not be accomplished as expected, and we might not achieve our goals of product mix optimization on schedule. Given that the Group might continue to focus on sales in the domestic market and a considerable number of core components rely on import purchases, and that the currency rates of RMB against USD might be subject to even higher uncertainty, the Group is still confronted with foreign exchange risks. Therefore, we would require more persistent efforts than just confidence alone to achieve better results.

We sincerely thank the directors, the management and the entire staff for their dedication and loyal services to the Group, without which we would not have witnessed increasing sales growth.
I would personally like to take this opportunity to give thanks on behalf of the board of directors to the shareholders, clients, partners, suppliers and banks for their trust and support accorded.

24 March 2016 