Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Group, I would like to present to you the first annual results report of the Company after its listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.
2014 was a historic and memorable year in the development of the Company. On 2 December 2014, the successful listing of the shares of the Company on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (the Listing ) marked a new stage in the development of the Group. In addition to boosting the recognition of the Company and strengthening the corporate governance and management standard of the Group, the Listing has also laid a platform for its global business development.

Looking back on year 2014, the path to world economic recovery was still fraught with difficulties and challenges, while the economic growth rate of China has continued to slow down. Faced with complicated economic environments both domestically and globally, each industry faced arduous tests ahead due to the numerous difficulties and challenges at hand. The total number of smart phones worldwide has grown steadily, with overseas demands outstripping that of China, and with certain quarters experiencing negative growth. As one of the main suppliers of camera modules for mid-to-high end smart phones in China, the Company has nevertheless managed to overcome the challenge of decelerating growth which is prevalent in the industry, and eventually achieved fast growth in sales.

In 2014, benefitting from accurate product positioning and market analysis by the management, the Group achieved excellent sales growth with revenue amounting up to RMB2,161,084,000, a 53.2% increase over the previous year. Annual profit after tax for the year ended 31 December 2014 reached RMB195,506,000, a 19.8% increase, and basic earnings per share was RMB31.8 cents, surpassing the goal set forth at the beginning of the year. During the current financial year, we consistently focused on the mid-to- high end camera module market and placed great emphasis in sustaining the relationship with our core domestic and international clients. Therefore, for the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group continued to maintain close and favourable cooperation relationship with its core customers, and has established its business relationship with two new well-known branded smart phone manufacturers in the PRC, demonstrating good account management and sales capabilities. Furthermore, we have constantly enhanced our R&D efforts and technical innovation, continuously implementing improvements to our production craftsmanship in order to upgrade the quality of our products. We have also provided excellent customer service by focusing on the user experience, while actively pursuing the R&D and production of higher pixel module as well as other applications. The aforementioned strengthened the core competitiveness of the Group and delivered increasingly prominent economic benefits. Pertaining to dualmultiple camera computation, optical stabilizer technology, optical zoom, iris identification and DPA fast focus, we have commenced R&D last year and will launch relevant products on the market as soon as possible, thereby reinforcing the core competitiveness of the Company.
After taking due consideration of the Company s operation strategy, the Board has recommended the distribution of annual dividends at approximately RMB0.0406 (equivalent to approximately HK$0.052).
During the current financial year, camera modules with resolution of 5 mega pixels and higher accounted for approximately 92.5% (2013: 88.6%) of total turnover, whilst camera modules with resolution of 8 mega pixels and higher accounted for approximately 34.5% (2013: 21.0%) of total turnover, demonstrating the market recognition received by the Group on its mid-to-high-end products.
This allowed the Group s products to maintain a relatively stronger competitiveness in the high pixels products aspect. At the same time, the Group launched the camera modules with resolution of 16 mega pixels and 20 mega pixels to the market during the year, representing the technology standard of the Group moving up to a new level.

Correct product positioning and customer strategy adopted by the management along with dedication from all staff have allowed us to perform well in a difficult, complicated and competitive market environment. It has also helped us to maintain a steady sales growth, thereby achieving our anticipated goals. Meanwhile, excellent corporate culture and management structure have also given us a good market reputation, earning positive recognition from fellow companies and clients. This had helped the Group to build a solid foundation for forging a better brand image.
Awards and Honors In 2014, we consistently invested efforts in R&D, technical innovation, continuous quality control, and placed a strong emphasis on our clients. We devoted our best efforts to satisfy clients needs, which helped us to earn positive recognition on our products and services from fellow companies, the government and our clients.
On 27 March 2015, Kunshan Q Technology Limited ( Kunshan QT China ) won the Best Quality Award (2014) for suppliers by TCL Communication Technology Holdings Limited.
On 5 February 2015, Kunshan QT China won the Best Quality Award (2014) for suppliers by Shanghai Huaqin Telecom Technology Limited Company.
On 14 January 2015, at the award ceremony for annual suppliers held by ZTE Corporation, Kunshan QT China was once again awarded for its quality. It won two prizes, namely the Quality Award Program Planning 2014 and the Excellent Quality Award 2014 . Kunshan QT China is the only winning camera module manufacturer at this award ceremony.
On 29 December 2014, upon stringent inspection by the relevant government department on a series of metrics such as on business software products, intellectual property rights, staff dedication and R&D, Chengdu Q Technology Limited ( Chengdu QT ), a subsidiary of the Company, won the Certificate of Verification for Software Enterprises by the Sichuan Provincial Economic and Information 
In mid-December of 2014, one of the top ten smart phone manufacturers in China, Yulong Computer Telecommunication Scientific (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. ( Yulong Coolpad ), awarded Kunshan QT China with the 2014 annual Yulong Coolpad core supplier award. This is the fourth consecutive year that Kunshan QT China has won the Yulong Coolpad supplier award. It is now the camera module company with the highest number of 
On 24 November 2014, at the annual suppliers conference held by ZTE Corporation, Kunshan QT China was awarded the 2014 annual Best Global Partner honor by ZTE Corporation. This is the highest annual honor awarded to suppliers by ZTE Corporation; Kunshan QT China is the only camera module supplier to have won this award.
In the month of February, 2014, Kunshan QT China won the honorary title of Jiangsu foreign-funded research institution .
The aforementioned awards and honors reflect our technical innovation ability and the recognition by clients on our products, delivery punctuality and services. This has enhanced our confidence in driving further product structural upgrades.

We believe that 2015 will be a year of both challenges and opportunities for the Group. On one hand, the global and domestic economic environments are still fraught with uncertainties; on the other hand, demands in relevant fields and the application of innovative products will generate steady and rapid sales growth for the Company. Therefore, we will maintain a sales strategy that focuses on customer experience, further improve the development of new products and new technology, expand the applied fields of our products, elevate our automated production standards, actively seek new clientele and new markets, continuously improve the management structure of the company, further enhance a positive brand image, and increase the core competitiveness of the Company. We will further enrich our product functions and devote our efforts into developing leading products such as depth dual camera, optical zoom dual camera, slim low-light dual camera and fingerprint touch. Besides, we will continue our endeavours in the expansion of business cooperation with certain leading customers in the mobile phone industry, and actively establish its business relationship with new customers and explore new markets.

Looking ahead, we are confident in leading our staff to seize opportunities, tackle challenges, continuously improve operational efficiency, increase sales growth, and to maximize returns for our shareholders. At the same time, we are also deeply aware of the relatively competitive market we are in, and the ever changing macro environment, which means that we would require more than just confidence alone to achieve better sales.

We sincerely thank the directors, the management and the entire staff for their dedication and loyal services to the Group, without which we would not have witnessed increasing sales growth.
I would personally like to take this opportunity to give thanks on behalf of the board of directors to the shareholders, clients, suppliers and banks for their trust and support accorded.

27 March 2015 