Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders:
The year of 2016 embraced the fi rst anniversary of Red Star Macalline Group Corporation Ltd.’s
listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. During the year, the management of the Company has
led all the Red Star Macalline staff by virtue of unity, progressiveness and innovative spirit and have
achieved brilliant results.
In 2016, the Group’s revenue amounted to RMB9,282 million; profi t attributable to owners of the Company amounted to
RMB4,036 million; and core net profi t attributable to owners of the Company amounted to RMB2,555 million. We are willing to
share our development outcomes with shareholders while enjoying satisfactory fi nancial results. It was pleased to announce
at the 2016 Board meeting that the 2016 cash dividend per share was RMB0.42 (tax inclusive), representing a 60% dividend
payout ratio of core net profi t attributable to owners of the Company.
In recent years, with the continuous increase of China’s national income, and people’s higher requirement in quality life,
the home improvement and furnishings industry has entered into a 10-year golden period. We should capitalize on the
development opportunities arising from the home improvement and furnishings industry, continue to enhance our leading
position in the home improvement and furnishings industry, grow into a new benchmark retailer in the home improvement and
furnishings industry to lead the industry in its evolvement.
CAPITALIZING ON THE DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITIES
ARISING FROM THE HOME IMPROVEMENT AND FURNISHINGS
INDUSTRY
• Home furnishing is closely related with people’s daily life and standard of living. Along with the growth in disposable
income, people’s enhanced standard of living and higher requirement in quality life, the home furnishing market in China
has experienced a rapid development in the past five years.
According to the independent authoritative market research institutions, in 2016, the total retail sales of China’s home
improvement and furnishings industry reached a high level of nearly RMB4 trillion; however, when it comes to per capita
consumption, there is still an obvious gap between China and developed countries, such as the United States and the
United Kingdom. Along with the continued steady growth in China’s macro economy and people’s constantly enhanced
taste and requirement in living, the home improvement and furnishings industry has entered into a 10-year golden
period, and will grow rapidly at a pace faster than that of GDP growth in the coming five years.
CONSOLIDATING OUR LEADING POSITION IN THE HOME
IMPROVEMENT AND FURNISHINGS INDUSTRY
• According to the independent authoritative market research institutions, we are a nationwide home improvement and
furnishings shopping mall operator in China which ranks fi rst in terms of area of operational premises, the number of
malls, the geographic coverage, and with the most relevant market share in China’s rapidly growing home improvement
and furnishings retail industry. As at the end of the Reporting Period, we have operated 200 shopping malls in mainland
China with a total operating area of more than 12.7 million sq.m.. However, compared with the home furnishing markets
in United States and other developed countries, the market concentration of home furnishings industry in mainland
China is signifi cantly lower. As one of the most infl uential home furnishings enterprises in mainland China, we not only
have absolute market superiority, but also have great room for growth and integration potential.
BUILDING A NEW BENCHMARK RETAILER IN THE HOME
IMPROVEMENT AND FURNISHINGS INDUSTRY
• In order to build the Group into a new benchmark retailer in the home improvement and furnishings industry, we will
continue to expand our business scale through applying the two-pronged development model of Portfolio Shopping
Malls and Managed Shopping Malls, and place emphasis on enhancing our enterprise brand, connotation and value.
A new retailing model, in my opinion, is supposed to provide consumers with better and more intensive experience,
more professional and comprehensive value-added services and more convenient and user-friendly modes of service,
as compared with the traditional one. Goods circulated in the home improvement and furnishings industry are usually
non-standard (customized) goods with high unit price and high degree of specialization, and thus higher requirements
in shopping guide service, the quality and eco-friendly attributes of products, the distribution, installation and after-sale
services are imposed by consumers. As one of the most infl uential home furnishings enterprises in mainland China, we
have always been committed, with a view to truly understanding and serving the demands from consumers, to providing
consumers with a reliable circulation platform which may integrate suffi cient home improvement and furnishings industry
brands, providing professional shopping guide service and in-depth experience service, assuring the quality and ecofriendly
attributes of products circulated on the platform, and offering reliable distribution, installation and after-sale
services. Meanwhile, we gradually expanded the application of the internet-related products and services in home
improvement and furnishings business on the basis of our physical shopping malls network, including introducing
online shopping malls, online home decoration, consumer fi nancing and other expanding businesses, so as to address
diversifi ed demands of consumers in an integrated and close-loop manner and enhance the integrated O2O experience
of consumers. All these measures are adopted to make our omni-channel circulation platform the most valuable one in
the home improvement and furnishings industry.
PROMOTING A WELL-GROUNDED AND FORWARD-LOOKING
DEVELOPMENT TO LEAD THE INDUSTRY IN ITS EVOLVEMENT
• Nowadays, the world has entered into a digital era, and the level of digitalization determines the long-term
competitiveness of an enterprise or institution, home improvement and furnishings industry is of no exception. The
Group is implementing a “1001” strategy, which is designed to enhance the Group’s long-term competitiveness
and embrace new development opportunities by virtue of internet, big data, cloud computing and other information
technologies. Household intelligentization is another signifi cant development trend of the home improvement and
furnishings industry. At the same time, the Group is also seeking opportunities to tap into the smart household fi eld, as
a breakthrough point to embrace future in a proactive manner. In addition, we will also actively explore new business
models, attempt asset securitization in respect of properties of Portfolio Shopping Malls and deeply integrate upstream
and downstream resources via investments and mergers and acquisitions, in an effort to expand the business scale,
reinforce the strength of the Group, and to lead the industry in its evolvement.
The achievements made by the Company were refl ective of the efforts of all individuals of Red Star Macalline. I would
like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude, on behalf of the Board, to all staff for their hard work and all
shareholders and stakeholders for giving us trust and confi dence. In the coming year, we will consistently adhere to the “spirit
of craftsman” to improve ourselves as well as promote our national living quality and spread culture of furnishings through
diligence and care in the home improvement and furnishings industry, and to gain more returns to our shareholders.
CHE Jianxing
Chairman
20 March 2017