Chairman s Statement 
In March, Red Star Macalline Group Corporation Ltd. welcomed its first annual report upon its listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In the 30 years since our establishment, the vigorous support from our shareholders, employees, customers, business partners and the broader society is essential for our rapid development from a regional private enterprise to an industry- leading listed company under standardized corporate governance and with business scope spread nationwide. I would like to take this opportunity to thank, on behalf of all my colleagues, you for your long-term care and support.
AT PRESENT: 2015 IS DESTINED TO BE AN EXTRAORDINARY YEAR IN OUR HISTORY OF DEVELOPMENT SUCCESS IN ENTERING INTO THE INTERNATIONAL CAPITAL MARKET. Our listing plan was highly recognized in the international capital market, and certain famous international and domestic investors and business partners turned to be our H shareholders. The Company issued 543.6 million shares at the price of HKD13.28 per share through global offering, and was successfully listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 26 June 2015. Net proceeds from the global offering amounted to RMB5,573.3 million, which laid a solid foundation for the Company to further expand and strengthen the business of Portfolio Shopping Malls, enhance the business application of information technologies, and effectively reduce financial costs.
CONTINUOUS GROWTH IN FINANCIAL RESULTS AND RETURN TO SHAREHOLDERS A HIGH DIVIDEND PAYOUT RATIO. The rapid growth trend for the past few years is maintained in financial results in 2015. The Company s revenue amounted to RMB8,756 million in 2015, representing an increase of 10.3% from RMB7,935 million in 2014; profit attributable to owners of the Company amounted to RMB4,098 million in 2015, representing an increase of 12.8% from RMB3,633 million in 2014; core net profit attributable to owners of the Company amounted to RMB2,553 million in 2015, representing an increase of 20.1% from RMB2,125 million in 2014; core net profit margin attributable to owners of the Company was 29.2% in 2015, representing an increase of 2.4 percentage points over 2014. We never forget to share our development outcomes with shareholders while enjoying the rapid growth in financial results. It was pleased to announce at the 2015 Board meeting that the 2015 cash dividend per share was RMB0.47 (tax inclusive), representing a 66.7% dividend payout ratio of core net profit attributable to owners of the Company.
STABLE DEVELOPMENT OF OUR NETWORK OF SHOPPING MALLS AND ESTABLISHMENT OF ABSOLUTE MARKET LEADERSHIP. As of the end of the Reporting Period, we operated 177 shopping malls (including 55 Portfolio Shopping Malls and 122 Managed Shopping Malls) with a total operating area of 11.66 million sq.m. in 126 cities in 28 provinces, municipalities, and autonomous regions in China. The Portfolio Shopping Malls and Managed Shopping Malls have an occupancy rate of 94.1% and 92.7% respectively, and the same mall growth of mature Portfolio Shopping Malls was 6%.
We have adopted the two-pronged business model of Portfolio Shopping Malls and Managed Shopping Malls to strategically locate our portfolio properties in prime locations in Tier I and Tier II Cities, especially in municipalities. At the same time, we have accumulated extensive experience in operating shopping malls, constantly strengthened the brand value, and set a relatively high barrier of entry for other companies. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the managed revenue share of the Company amounted to 36%, representing an increase of 0.8 percentage points over 2014. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the number of shopping malls under our operation exceeded the sum of Easy Home and Yuexing Home ranking second and third respectively in the industry. The Company continued to establish its absolute market leadership in the home improvement and furnishings industry.

IN THE PAST: IN THE 30 YEARS SINCE ITS ESTABLISHMENT, SPIRIT OF CRAFTSMAN AND STRONG SENSE OF SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY ALWAYS URGE US TO MOVE FORWARD SPIRIT OF CRAFTSMAN IS ALWAYS THE SOUL OF OUR DEVELOPMENT. We firmly believe that it is our previous efforts and existing achievements that lay a foundation for our future development. In 1986, I set foot on the journey of entrepreneurship and became attached to home furnishings industry since then. In 1992, we opened our first home improvement and furnishings shopping mall in Changzhou, Jiangsu Province. In 2000, we opened Shanghai Zhenbei Mall under our Red Star Macalline brand, which was our first home improvement and furnishings shopping mall. In 2007, the Company was established as a limited liability company in Shanghai, PRC under the name of Red Star Macalline, and we entered into the first shopping mall management agreement with our business partners. In 2008 and 2009, we accepted the capital contribution in U.S. dollars equivalent to RMB995 million made by Warburg Pincus, which provided financial support to our rapid development. In 2011, we converted into a sino-foreign joint stock limited company and was renamed as Red Star Macalline Group Corporation Ltd. (}fQ[EWN gPlQS). In 2012, we became the first company to operate 100 home improvement and furnishings shopping malls in the home improvement and furnishings industry. In 2013, we started to expand into new businesses, including home design, and prepaid cards. In 2015, we listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. We worked steadily through the whole journey in the home improvement and furnishings industry with care and diligence, and developed rapidly from a regional private enterprise to an industry-leading listed company under standardized corporate governance and with business operations across the nation. All of those are inseparable from the spirit of craftsman we always adhere to in the entrepreneurship process. Since our participation in the home improvement and furnishings industry, we constantly consider market demands and improve our management standards. We consistently adhere to professional and dedicated entrepreneurial spirit to focus on details, keep improving and encourage innovation, in order to create the first-class enterprise brand. Spirit of craftsman is always the soul of our development.
STRONG SENSE OF SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY FACILITATES OUR HEALTHY GROWTH. We have been devoted to fulfilling our value to become a responsible company, taking delight in sharing with our shareholders, employees, customers and business partners, and giving back to society and general public. As the ancient saying a just cause enjoys abundant support goes, it may also be one of the important reasons why we developed healthily into a listed company through the waves and winds in the 30 years since our establishment. We always attach great importance to employee benefits and provide our staff with highly competitive compensation and social benefits in the industry according to the market-oriented principle. We see integrity as the soul of the enterprise, do business in good faith, practice to a profound extent and play a leading role in the industry. We create and implement the race for green campaigns, and become the only representative good-faith enterprise in implementing the core values of Chinese socialism elected by the Ministry of Commerce. We advocate the philosophy of energy conservation and environment protection , and make utilization of modern energy-saving technologies to improve our administration system of energy conservation and build new green shopping malls. In addition, we lead to organize a series of ecological and public welfare activities such as Mother River Protection Action (Owkl LR). In 2015, we were selected as one of the Most Respected Enterprises in China (-N WgS leOmi) by the Economic Observer, and become the only enterprise operating in the home improvement and furnishings industry in the list.

LOOKING FORWARD TO THE FUTURE: WE WILL GRASP THE TIME-HONORED OPPORTUNIES TO ACHIEVE GREATER PROSPERITY IN THE COMING DECADE SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES OF THE ERA. At present, the market scale of home furnishings amounting to RMB3,700 billion in mainland China, which is expected to maintain room for growth of 10% per year in the following three years, especially in the mid-to-upper market represented by large-scale home furnishings shopping malls. In terms of market shares, taking U.S.
home furnishings industry for example, the market shares of HOME DEPOT and LOWE S ranking first and second respectively aggregates to 43% in the whole industry; however, market concentration of home furnishings industry in mainland China is significantly lower, and the chain home improvement and furnishings shopping malls only take up 23% of the total market shares. As one of the home furnishings enterprises with largest brand influence in mainland China, we have not only absolute market superiority, but also great room for growth and integration potential.
UNIQUE INDUSTRY CHARACTERISTICS AND COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES HAVE MODELED OUR WIDE MOAT .
Compared with general commercial circulation industry, home improvement and furnishings industry has certain unique industry characteristics. The goods circulated in the home improvement and furnishings industry are usually non-standard goods with high unit price and involvement of customers, because the customers are required to have an-depth experience and feeling for the color, texture, size, material and other properties of home furnishings in person; however, consumers usually visit the home furnishings shopping malls once every three to five years, and such low-frequency consumption leads to extremely high learning cost and less professional knowledge in the process of selecting home furnishings or purchasing home decoration services. In this context, consumers need a reliable circulation platform which may integrate enough home improvement and furnishings industry brands to provide selecting and screening services, and safeguard the whole sales process. In addition, the non-standardization and regional differentiation of goods in home improvement and furnishings industry also make its logistics transportation and distributor system different from general goods. Due to the reasons above, compared with the pure e-commerce models in the home improvement and furnishings industry, the physical shopping malls combined with online and offline operation in a good condition will maintain its significant competitive advantages for quite a long period of time in the future. In addition, it is difficult for competitors to imitate and copy our two-pronged development model of Portfolio Shopping Malls and Managed Shopping Malls which has good stability and growth, and enabled us to further strengthen the first-mover advantage and network scale advantage, establish a reputable brand in the domestic home improvement and furnishings industry, and become the most valuable third-party platform in the home improvement and furnishings ecosystem; it is even more commendable that we have powerful innovation genes and a management team with extensive experience in the industry, which has enabled us to iterate and develop in the fierce market competition, and to grow continuously and steadily. All of those have made the wide moat for the Company in the competition of the home improvement and furnishings industry.

FACING CHALLENGES AND CREATING GREATER PROSPERITY. Even in an era full of opportunities and with strong competitive advantages, we consistently adhere to the spirit of craftsman to constantly challenge and improve ourselves through diligence and care in the home improvement and furnishings industry. We persistently adhere to our mission of building a warm and harmonious home, enhancing consumption and living taste , and strengthen the Red Star Macalline brand as the expert of home living in the minds of consumers. As such, the Company aims at being China s most professional and advanced omni-channel platform provider in home improvement and furnishings industry in the long term. In the future, we will continue to implement the two-pronged business model of Portfolio Shopping Malls and Managed Shopping Malls, vigorously develop our asset-light business model, enhance our market share through strategic expansion of shopping mall network and brand portfolio, increase our market shares, and thereby persistently strengthen our market leadership in China s home improvement and furnishings industry. As a platform operator, we get hold of the two important ends of shopping mall operation: aiming at consumer end, we will focus on constructing O2O platform and continue to develop our membership program, to provide customers with superior and omni-channel consumption experience; aiming at supplier and distributor end, we will continue to closely cooperate with home improvement and furnishings brands and establish a green alliance, in order to carry out joint marketing activities and enhance the cross-industry cooperation. Meanwhile, we will gradually expand the application of the Internet-related products and services in home improvement and furnishings business based on our shopping malls network, and introduce the O2O platform, online home decoration, consumer financing and other expanding businesses, so as to enhance the O2O experience of consumers. We will also vigorously explore the supply chain-related products and services: with respect to logistics and distribution services, we plan to provide standardized and professional logistics and distribution services for merchants in home furnishings shopping malls to reduce their operating costs, and establish a closer cooperation relationship for a win-win situation; with respect to bulk procurement, we will develop a centralized procurement platform. We will also actively seek suitable investment and acquisition targets and deeply integrate upstream and downstream resources of the home improvement and furnishings industry, thus to enlarge our scale of operation and enhance our strength. In addition, we attached great importance to the basic management works, and support the efficient business growth by actively carrying out information technology construction and promoting human resources 
THE NEXT DECADE WILL ALSO BE A GOLDEN TIME FOR THE HOME IMPROVEMENT AND FURNISHINGS INDUSTRY. As one of the enterprises with the largest appeal and influence in the home improvement and furnishings industry in mainland China, we have full confidence and capability to grasp the time-honored opportunities, face the challenges and achieve a greater prosperity to gain more returns to our shareholders.
THE ACHIEVEMENTS MADE BY THE COMPANY WERE REFLECTIVE OF THE EFFORTS OF ALL OUR MANAGEMENT AND SUBORDINATED TEAMS. I would like to take this opportunity to thank, on behalf of the Board, all staff for their hard work such that shareholders of the Company, consumers and business partners can together share the fruits of the Company s development.

21 March 2016 