Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors ( Director ) of the Company ( Board ), I am pleased to present the annual results of the Company for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2015.
2015 was an important and exciting year for the Company as we made meaningful progress across all aspects of our business. We have grown the Company to be the leading biological company in China with a strong commercial position, innovative R&D capability and a comprehensive manufacturing platform.
The growth trend on our three core biological products remains strong. Despite the market challenges, we believe our products are still early in their life cycle given the low market penetration. We continue to place a strong emphasis on academic promotion, while at the same time expanding our network of third-party promoters focused on high growth and lower tier cities.
In addition to our strong performance and our confi dence in our existing seven biological products, we are very excited about the Company s platform, which continues to make good clinical progress. After the acquisition of Guojian, we now have 38 pipeline candidates, including 20 which are being developed as National Class I drugs. With the acquisition of Guojian, the Group added a strong pipeline of 8 monoclonal antibody product candidates which have signifi cant market potential.
Overall, we have made substantial progress in our manufacturing, commercial and R&D platforms. We continue to look at how we can build the best-in-class antibody manufacturing platform for China, while also implementing a successful global sales & marketing strategy. We continue to be optimistic about the outlook for China s healthcare reforms as well as the bio-pharmaceutical sector, and I am confi dent that we have the foundation in place to support the Group s long-term development as a world-class, fully-integrated, biotechnology company.
Finally, on behalf of 3SBio Inc., I give my sincerest thanks to our shareholders for your signifi cant contributions to the 
Mr. LOU Jing Chairman & Chief Executive Offi cer 31 March 2016 