Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders:
On behalf of the board of directors (“Directors”) of the Company (“Board”), I am pleased to present the annual results of the
Company for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2016.
2016 was an important and exciting year for the Company as we made meaningful progress across all aspects of our
business. The Company has developed to become the leading biological company in China with a strong commercial
position, innovative R&D capability and a comprehensive manufacturing platform.
In October 2016, 3SBio entered into an exclusive license agreement with AstraZeneca to commercialize Byetta, a GLP1
agonist which is already approved, and Bydureon, a long-active version which is pending China Food and Drug
Administration’s (“CFDA”) manufacturing approval with the application submitted in May 2016 in China. Byetta’s sales team of
approximately 150 personnel have already been integrated into the Group’s commercialization platform and will form the core
of its new metabolic disease business unit. This marks the beginning of 3SBio’s commercial partnership with a multinational
company to grow an innovative product, which entrenches the leading market position of our commercial platform. We will
continue to look for opportunities to add new products to satisfy treatment needs in China.
In February 2017, three of the Group’s products, Yisaipu, TPIAO and Qiming Keli (芪明顆粒), are included in the “National
Drug List for Basic Medical Reimbursement, Work-Related Injury Reimbursement and Maternity Reimbursement (2017
Version)” (the “2017 National Reimbursement Drug List”). This is a very positive development which will further increase our
penetration into more hospitals and increase patient access to 3SBio’s products.
Overall, 3SBio is well aligned with key government development strategies. The fi rst is innovation driven, the second is
biologics and the third is chronic disease management. Our product portfolio and research pipeline fi t these three major
trends. The government’s policy reforms emphasize clinically-needed medicines, high quality manufacturing, and proven
effi cacy and safety.
3SBio is positioned to thrive in today’s competitive environment and contribute to improved healthcare both in China and
internationally. For example, in terms of quality, 3SBio’s EPIAO follows the European Union standard. Our production platform
has one of the longest track records in China — 18 years with recombinant proteins and over 10 years with monoclonal
antibodies. We have a national sales team of approximately 2,000 people focused on academic promotion. Our R&D team is
strong and focused on innovation.
On the international front, we are continuing with preparing the supplementary data after fi ling Investigation New Drug (“IND”)
applications for TPIAO in the United States. The Shenyang facility passed the Brazil Good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”)
inspection, further supporting our growing business in South America. The international biosimilar clinical trials for EPIAO in
Thailand and Russia are progressing well with patients recruitment for the maintenance period to be completed by December
2017 and the trials expected to be completed by the end of 2018. We are also reviewing options to expand SSS07, our
Phase I anti-TNF for which we have global rights, to international markets.
Finally, on behalf of 3SBio, I give my sincerest thanks to our shareholders for your signifi cant contributions to the Company.
Mr. LOU Jing
Chairman & Chief Executive Offi cer
17 March 2017