CHAIRWOMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board, I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2016.
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The Group’s audited prot attributable to equity holders of the parent for the year ended 31 December 2016
was RMB302.3 million, representing an increase of 175.6% compared with the results for the previous year.
Basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2016 were RMB0.10.
The Board has resolved to recommend the payment of nal dividend of HK$0.07 per share for the year ended
31 December 2016.
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
Through over 16 years of operating private schools in Chengdu, the Group has established a strong reputation
and believes that the schools are highly recognizable in Chengdu and other parts of Sichuan Province and
are often viewed by students and their parents as a pathway to rst-tier universities in China and reputable
colleges and universities abroad. As at 31 December 2016, the total student enrollment including K-12
students and the university students increased to approximately 34,477, with an increase of 5.4% in the total
student enrollment compared with that of previous year.
The Group strives to provide continuous high-quality education services to students and cultivate wellrounded
students who possess global perspective and practical knowledge. For college entrance examination
administered in 2016, approximately 87.0% of the Group’s graduating high school students who participated in
such examinations achieved scores that allowed them to apply to and be accepted by rst-tier universities in
China, including Peking University, Tsinghua University, Fudan University, Zhejiang University and Shanghai
Jiaotong University, among others. In addition, two students from Chengdu Experimental Foreign Languages
School (Western Campus) received the top college entrance examination in Chengdu for college entrance
examination administered in 2016. Moreover, certain of the Group’s high school graduating students were
accepted by colleges and universities overseas, including Harvard University, University of California-Berkeley,
University of California-Los Angeles, New York University and Northwestern University.
In order to meet the increasing demand for competent teachers and further enhance the quality of the Group’s
educational services, in November 2016, the Group acquired certain properties and plans to transform the
properties to a dedicated teacher and staff training and professional development center, which is expected to
offer mandatory and continuing training courses and seminars to the Group’s teachers and other staff and to
offer mandatory professional teaching technique training courses for newly hired teachers. The Group believes
the quality of education provided is strongly tied to the quality of the Group’s teachers.
PROSPECTS
As a pioneer in the private education industry in Sichuan Province, the Group has accumulated abundant
experience in operating private schools, which positions us well to capitalise on the growing opportunities in
the PRC private education sector.
The Group intends to leverage its reputation to expand its school network in Southwest China. In order
to solidify and strengthen its market-leading position in the region, the Group plans to expand its existing
business by collaborating with third-party business partners and establish new schools. During the year ended
31 December 2016, the Group entered into agreements with celebrated local enterprise, local government, and
several listed real estate companies, such as Vanke, Fantasia and Longfor, to jointly establish new schools in
Sichuan Province. In particular, the Group will open 5 new school campuses, with a total of 9 new schools, in 3
cities in China, namely Chengdu, Panzhihua and Zigong, and these schools are expected to commence their
rst school year on 1 September 2017. The Group expects to open one new school in Chengdu in 2020. The
Group believes that the establishment of the new schools would further strengthen its position as the largest
and high-quality provider of K-12 private education services in Southwest China.
APPRECIATION
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank all our Shareholders and stakeholders for their continued trust and
condence. I would also like to extend our sincere gratitude to the management and the staff to carry out the
Group’s strategies with outstanding professionalism, integrity and dedication. The Group will strive to continue
to expedite the development of our business and focus on maximizing returns to Shareholders.
Wang Xiaoying
Chairwoman
Sichuan, the PRC, 24 March 2017