CHAIRWOMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board, I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2015.

The Group s audited profit attributable to equity holders of the parent for the year ended 31 December 2015 was RMB109.7 million, representing an increase of 38.6% compared with the results for the previous year. Basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2015 were RMB0.0487.
The Group s adjusted net profit for the year ended 31 December 2015 was RMB151.4 million, representing an increase of 32.5% compared with the results for the previous year.

Through over 15 years of operating private schools in Chengdu, the Group has established a strong reputation and believes that the schools are highly recognizable in Chengdu and other parts of Sichuan Province and are often viewed by students and their parents as a pathway to first-tier universities in China and reputable colleges and universities abroad. As at 31 December 2015, the total student enrollment including K-12 students and the university students increased to approximately 32,706, with an increase of 2.7% in the total student enrollment compared with that of previous year.

The Group strives to provide continuous high-quality education services to students and cultivate well- rounded students who possess global perspective and practical knowledge. For Gaokao administered in 2015, approximately 77.4% of the Group s graduating high school students who participated in such examinations achieved scores that allowed them to apply to and be accepted by first-tier universities in China, including Peking University, Tsinghua University, Fudan University, Zhejiang University and Shanghai Jiaotong University, among others. In addition, a student from Chengdu Foreign Languages School received the top scores in Gaokao in Sichuan Province and Chengdu for Gaokao administered in 2015. Moreover, certain of the Group s high school graduating students were accepted by colleges and universities overseas, including Harvard University, University of California-Berkeley, University of California-Los Angeles, New York University and Northwestern University.
As the Group has established a strong reputation for providing quality education to the students, the Group believes it is in a position to optimize the pricing without compromising the reputation and the ability to attract and retain students as compared to the competitors with a view to enhancing the Group s profitability. For the 20152016 school year, the Group increased tuition fees in all of the schools (except the university) by up to 20% over the tuition fee levels for the previous school year. As a result of the increase in student enrollment and standard of tuition fees, the revenue from tuition fees increased by RMB80.4 million, or 13.7%, from RMB588.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2014 to RMB668.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2015.

As a pioneer in the private education industry in Sichuan Province, the Group has accumulated abundant experience in operating private schools, which positions us well to capitalise on the growing opportunities in the PRC private education sector. The Group intends to maintain and strengthen the position as the largest and high- quality provider of K-12 private education services in Southwest China. To achieve this goal, the Group plans to pursue the following business strategies: 
Continue to enhance the reputation as a provider of high-quality education The Group plans to continue to provide high standard of educational services to students across the entire range of grades and levels, which the Group believes is a foundation to the future success and growth. To achieve this goal, the Group plans to continue to pay close attention to students academic performance, maintain and refine the differentiated English courses taught at the Group s middle and high schools to newly admitted students with varying levels of English language skills. The Group believes that it has the potential to further enhance the existing strong reputation of the schools, not only in Sichuan Province and Southwest China, but also in China more 
Expand the school network and increase the market penetration The Group intends to leverage its reputation to expand its school network in Chengdu, other areas in Sichuan Province and elsewhere in Southwest China. In order to solidify and strengthen its market-leading position in the region, the Group plans to expand its existing business by collaborating with third-party business partners, establish new schools and acquire existing schools. The Group intends to achieve future growth by means of multiple expansion strategies which include asset light expansions, acquisitions and increase in the capacity of certain existing schools.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank all our Shareholders and stakeholders for their continued trust and confidence. I would also like to extend our sincere gratitude to the management and the staff to carry out the Group s strategies with outstanding professionalism, integrity and dedication. The Group will strive to continue to expedite the development of our business and focus on maximizing returns to Shareholders.

Sichuan, the PRC, 24 March 2016 
