Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of Yuzhou Properties Company Limited ( Yuzhou Properties or the Company ), I am pleased to present the annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 
During the year under review, turnover of the Group was RMB7,470.61 million, representing a significant increase of 91.86% as compared to RMB3,893.84 million of the corresponding period of 2012, reaching a historic high. The average selling price of our properties sold was RMB9,247 per sq.m., representing a year- on-year increase of 21.78%. Gross profit was RMB2,319.08 million, representing a significant increase of 50.29% as compared to RMB1,543.07 million of the corresponding period of 2012, and gross profit margin was approximately 31.04%.
Profit attributable to shareholders was RMB1,471.22 million, representing a significant increase of 102.59% as compared to RMB726.21 million of the corresponding period of 2012. Basic earnings per share were RMB43 cents, representing a year-on- year increase of 104.76%. Excluding the changes in the valuation of investment properties, core profit attributable to shareholders was RMB1,089.92, representing a significant increase of 34.49% as compared to RMB810.43 million of the corresponding period of 2012, reaching a historic high too. Basic core earnings per share was RMB32 cents, representing a year-on-year increase of 39.13%. Net assets per share were HK$2.16. The full year dividend was HK15 cents per share (2012: HK12 cents), an increase of 25% compared with last year, representing a payout ratio of approximately 37.14% of core net profit for year 2013.

Looking back into the market performance in 2013, the overall property sector saw active transactions with increases in both the transaction volume and prices in the land market. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, in 2013, total investment in property development in China was RMB8,601.3 billion, representing a nominal increase of 19.8% with a 3.6 percentage points in growth as compared to that of 2012. The floor area of property construction of real estate developers was 6,656 million sq.m., representing an increase of 16.1% as compared to that of last year; the floor area of new housing construction was 2,012 million sq.m., representing an increase of 13.5% with a 2 percentage points in growth; the floor area of housings completed was 1,014.35 million sq.m., representing an increase of 2.0%.
The floor area of commercial housing was 1,305.51 million sq.m., representing an increase of 17.3% with a 15.5 percentage points in growth as compared to that of 2012. The sales of commodity housing was RMB8,142.8 billion, representing an increase of 26.3% with a 16.3 percentage points in growth as compared to that of 2012. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, in 2013, the property prices in 70 middle and big cities recorded on-going year-on-year increases, but the month-on- month increase was trimmed down slightly.

In 2013, the State Council Standing Committee meeting issued the State Council s Five New Measures e WNh for regulating and controlling the property market and thereafter Shenzhen s Eight Measures mkQh , Beijing s Seven Measures NN h , Shanghai s Seven Measures nNh , Guangzhou s Six Measures WzmQh were issued in Shenzhen, Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou one after another to suppress speculative investment demand, indicating that the government s regulating and controlling measures on the property industry are becoming normalized. After the convening of the Third Plenary Session of the Eighteenth Central Committee, the new government emphasized that the reform direction of transforming government functions will be from short-term policy intervention to real estate long-term mechanism, thereby weakens the administrative means and tackle the real estate problems with a more market-oriented approach.
During the two sessions, the real estate market regulating measures in 2014 that are of great concern to the real estate industry were crystallized. In light of the obvious trend of property pricing differentiation in the first and second tier cities and the third and fourth tier cities, the real estate market regulating measures in 2014 tend to adopt a two-way regulating and controlling instead of the unified real estate regulating measures across the country. The Report on the Work of the Government points out that, in future, the regulating measures would be exerted under different circumstances in different cities, including continuous increase in supply, suppression of investment and speculative demand, continuous implementation of restrictions on purchases and loans and increase the supply of small and medium-sized commodity housing and common ownership housing for cities with high demand, and control the scale of residential land and supply structure for cities of high inventory.

On the other hand, as stated in Report on the Work of the Government , promoting urbanization was the focus in 2014.
The report reiterated the concept of Three Tasks For 100 Million People and emphasized to implement the household registration policy with different eligibility requirements, accelerate the urbanization in the central and western regions and expand and speed up the rebuilding of rundown urban areas. In terms of urbanization development progress, the urbanization in China is currently at its interim accelerating stage. In light of the staged pattern of urbanization development, in the next 15 to 20 years, the urbanization in China will maintain a relatively high growth rate, thereby providing favourable development opportunities and huge development room for the long-term sustainable development of the property sector. The rapid development of new urbanization will bring a huge rural population whose rigid demand for housings will continue to support the steady development of the property market. The central government will improve the quality of urbanization by promoting reforms on household registration, land, fiscal, taxation and financial systems, social security, etc.
As for the regional macro-economy, the GDP of Fujian Province (one of the key regions where the Group s business is located) in 2013 was RMB2,175.964 billion, representing a nominal increase of 11%, among which, the GDP of Quanzhou was RMB521.8 billion, representing a nominal increase of 11.5%; the GDP of Fuzhou was RMB467.85 billion, representing a nominal increase of 11.5%; the GDP of Xiamen was RMB301.816 billion, representing a nominal increase of 9.4%. The floor area of commodity housing in Fujian Province was 46.762 million sq.m., representing an increase of 43.5% as compared to that of last year; the floor area of housings completed was 33.698 million sq.m., representing an increase of 50.9%; sales of commodity housing was RMB423.208 billion, representing an increase of 50.2%.
During the year, in facing both challenges and opportunities and by leveraging on its own competitive advantages, accurate market positioning and development strategies, the Group actively coped with market changes and recorded remarkable results by broadening sources of income and reducing expenditure.

For sales performance, the sales performance of the Group in 2013 was impressive, and for the first time, its contracted sales had surpassed RMB10.0 billion, with an accumulated contracted sales of RMB10.959 billion, representing a significant increase of 68% as compared with RMB6.529 billion for the same period of last year, and was 122% of its annual sales target of RMB9.0 billion. The contracted saleable area was 1,043,850 sq.m., representing a significant year-on-year increase of 43%. The contracted sales amount and saleable area of the Group both achieved their historic high in 2013. The contracted ASP was approximately RMB10,499 per sq.m., representing a year-on-year increase of 17.3%. In addition, approximately RMB1,848 million was subscribed in the process of signing contracts.
For project development volume, in 2013, total GFA under development of the Group was nearly 2.65 million sq.m. at the beginning of the year. During the year, total area of new starts properties was 1.77 million sq.m. and the completed area was 0.97 million sq.m. At the same time, our land reserve also achieved a historic high of 8.53 million sq.m., about 52% of which was in the West Strait Economic Zone, about 43% in the Yangtze River Delta Region and about 5% in the Bohai Rim Region; and newly acquired land reserve was approximately 2.66 million. We are speeding up the sizable expansion in the West Strait Economic Zone, Yangtze River Delta Region and Bohai Rim Region, and thus it laid a solid foundation for the sustainable and rapid development of the Group. According to the Ranking of Property Development Prospects for Cities in China ( 
i 0) issued by CRIC on 17 July 2013, in terms of investment prospects, substantially most of the core cities covered by the Group were among the top 50 cities, including Shanghai, Tianjin, Xiamen, Hefei and Fuzhou. Of which, our sales performance in Xiamen was outstanding with contracted sales reaching RMB7.685 billion. Both the saleable area and contracted sales amount ranked top for consecutive eight years in Xiamen, attaining a market share of 10%, with one set of residential house sold out of every ten sets in Xiamen is from Yuzhou. With contracted sales reaching RMB1.449 billion, the sales performance of Hefei was blockbusting after years of relentless consolidation by the Group, which ranked among the top 5 developers in Hefei with very encouraging results.
The sell-through rate of the Group in 2013 was 72%, which was higher than the target set in the beginning of the year. The Group has a total of 40 major projects for sale in 2013 located at seven important hub cities of different levels, including Xiamen, Fuzhou, Quanzhou, Shanghai, Longyan, Hefei and Tianjin.

ADOPTING INNOVATIVE MARKETING APPROACH FOR RESIDENTIAL DEVELOPMENT TO ACTIVELY COPE WITH MARKET CHANGES During the year, like in the past, Yuzhou Properties actively followed the state policies and adjusted its development and sales plans timely to cope with market changes, and launched residential properties with high cost performance to meet the self-use market 
To support the regional expansion of the Company, we initiated the special works for product standardization, comprehensive budget and target cost control in 2013 to further strengthen the its high turnover, perfect the construction of the Company s system and process, and enhance brand building. In facing the changing market conditions, the Group continued to implement innovative marketing strategies and enhanced brand impact to effectively promote the growth in sales. Of which, for sales of 
wm_X , the Group ventured to try a new media marketing model and approach, for instance, through eight groups of WeChat with pictures and descriptions, the professional and complicated construction principles with thoughts and ideas in the construction process were fully demonstrated. Furthermore, while conducting an in-depth cooperation with traditional media, Yuzhou shot a micro film of Love in the air a(Wz for Cloud Top International W project, for which we applied the 3D simulation technique to display the life scene of male and female leading actors the future constructions and hanging gardens in Yuzhou Cloud Top International W are unveiled before putting up for sale, and are recognised as the most beautiful building by netizens in Xiamen. In addition, Yuzhou has become the first real estate proprietary electronic business operator in the West Strait Economic Zone where it has opened an online sales office, allowing property buyers to auction residential housing on internet, and thus achieved a seamless interconnection between developers and property buyers via internet, and by providing a full range of services from front end to end, it enables consumers to obtain the best and most efficient house purchasing experience, creating a new model in marketing and service upgrading of real 
Yuzhou has effectively promoted its sales growth with high quality products, innovative marketing approach and perfect property service. Of which, Yuzhou Central Coast Phase II, a new project of the Group in Xiamen, Fujian Province, was released for sale on 15 June 2013 with overwhelming response. 172 residential units were sold in first four days after the opening with a sales amount of approximately RMB280 million recorded. During the year, Phase I and II of the Central Coast project recorded a total contracted sales amount of approximately RMB2.76 billion. In addition, Yuzhou Shoreline also recorded a contracted sales amount of RMB1.57 billion. In Hefei, another key city where the Group is operating, Phase III of Yuzhou Skyline achieved a total sales amount of RMB671 million with sales area of 122,324 sq.m., being listed as the top 10 properties projects for the first half of 2013 in Hefei as published by China Index Academy. Regarding the transactions of villas in the five districts in Fuzhou, sales of Gushan No. One accounted for approximately 15% of the market share.
Oriental Venice accounted for approximately 9%, representing approximately 24% of the total transaction amounts of the city and the top in Fuzhou.
By riding on the flexible strategies in project development and sales with good product quality and perfect project environment and facilities, the Yuzhou projects had successfully attained increases in both price and volume. For instance, the average selling price of Yuzhou Shoreline increased to RMB17,240 per sq.m. in 2013 from RMB12,354 per sq.m. in 2012; the average selling price of Yuzhou Central Coast increased to RMB13,337 per sq.m. in 2013 from RMB9,301 per sq.m. in 2012; the selling average price of Yuzhou Skyline Phase II increased to RMB12,774 per sq.m. in 2013 from RMB5,454 per sq.m. in 2012, satisfying both the profit margin and sell-through rate requirements simultaneously. In light of the rigid demand for first-time property purchasing and first-time property upgrading, the Group readjusted its product structure and continued to launch the middle and small housing types. The transactions of housing types below 100 sq.m. had accounted for over 34% of the total transactions.

THE DESIGN PROCESS AND PRODUCT 
The Group issued a management and operation guidance for planning and design, which includes the configuration standard for residential products, the management standard for planning and design fees, the technical measure standard for construction drawing, the design and management standard for interior decoration, the management and operation guidance for planning and design, and the review and operation guidance for various professional construction drawings etc., technical support documents such as preparing key points for reviewing construction drawings and key points in collection of preliminary information for project, and formulate standardization and other systems for architectural design type contract. Through the design process and product standardization, it has greatly improved our product quality and enhanced operation efficiency.

BENEFITING FROM DIVERSIFIED BUSINESSES, SUCCESSFULLY DIVERGING RISKS The Group believes that a diversified commercial property portfolio, including hotel, shopping mall and office buildings, may diverge operational risks and create stable income. At the same time, by benefiting from the synergistic effect generated from hotel and commercial property development of our projects, the value of property projects themselves also improved.
Yuzhou Properties is actively exploring the commercial and asset management model of investment properties to provide support for the more diversified land development of the Group in future.
The investment properties of the Group are classified into two main categories, namely shopping malls and office buildings. The office building projects of Shanghai Yuzhou Plaza 
4X and Xiamen Yuzhou Plazay2m4X are currently at their preparation stage, and is expected to be completed in June and October 2014 respectively. The shopping malls are classified into two main categories, namely regional shopping centers and community commercial centers. The former is represented by Yuzhou World Trade Center and the latter is represented by Yuzhou World Trade Plaza. It also includes the sold out investment 
properties of Yuzhou Jinqiao International Phase I to III, Yuzhou Land Dream which is under sale, and the imminent Yuzhou City Plaza and Yuzhou Commercial Plaza. All the properties under the investment property portfolio had recorded satisfactory performance, revenue from investment properties reached RMB59.05 million and rental income increased by 2% in 2013.
Among which, Yuzhou World Trade Center Phase I and Phase II with a gross floor area of over 100,000 sq.m., the first shopping mall project in Xiamen adjacent to Xiamen Train Station, is the most sophisticated large scale modernized shopping mall in Xiamen and has become the local landmark. It has contributed to the Group an annual rental revenue of RMB41.90 million with an average overall occupancy rate of over 94.5%, of which the highest rental of Area A amounting to RMB600 per sq.m. per month. In 2013, the Group conducted the renovation and decoration works on Yuzhou World Trade Center and thus greatly improved the value of shopping mall properties. Currently, such renovation work is about to complete.
The average overall occupancy rate of Xiamen Yuzhou World Trade Plaza Phase I and Phase II, as one of symbolic living centers in Hai Cang District, Xiamen was also over 98%. The incremental rate of the new contracts in overall rental level was over 10% with the number of average daily customers of over 20,000. There are the anchor stores having a foothold in Yuzhou World Trade Center, Yuzhou Shanghai Commercial Plaza and Quanzhou City Plaza.
The Shanghai Yuzhou Plaza Nwmy2m4X is located within the radiating range of Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone, clustering in the vicinity some top 500 enterprises like General Motors, Johnson & Johnson, Bell (Shanghai), and is another landmark 5A class office building project developed by Yuzhou Group with relentless efforts. During the year, the Group introduced DTZ, one of the world s top property consultants, to provide leasing agent services to Shanghai Yuzhou Plaza Nwmy2m4X Project, laying a solid foundation for the success of leasing and soliciting customers for our first self-possessed commercial project in Shanghai. Shanghai 
Nwmy2m4X was also awarded the Pudong New Region Quality Structure Prizefmqge@S*QP}iNs . In addition, the Group integrated and established merchant database system to support the preliminary positioning and subsequent operation of various property projects of the Company through the complete customer database system and customer relationship 
In future, the Group will continue to cultivate commercial real estate talents, prudently and steadily conduct the businesses in this aspect and gradually increase its investment property portfolio in next few years, and the commercial properties located at core locations in the first, second-tier cities will become self-owned.
It is expected that the proportion of net profit from investment properties will gradually increase to 10% of the core profit of the 
While continuing to expand its property development and sales, the Group s hotel business also contributed to the recurring revenue sources of non-residential projects, thus enables the property revenue portfolio to be more diversified. According to the Group s development strategies and the future development trend of the hotel business, we will position our hotel business to 1) focus on the development of service apartments as well as medium to high-end business hotels to establish premium hotel brands; 2) properly develop resort hotels to improve the existing hotel and strengthen the core competitiveness of the brands. The Yuzhou Camelon Hotel Apartment has its grand opening in the fourth quarter of 2013. The project is located in the central area of Huli District, Xiamen, adjacent to the government of Huli District and Huli Economic Hi-tech Zone and is in the proximity to Xiamen Gaoqi International Airport, and easily accessible to various scenic spots in Xiamen and its surrounding tourist cities.
However, currently, the hotel business is only developed as ancillary facilities for our property development; and is not the key development segment of the Group.

PERFECT CUSTOMER SERVICE AND IMPROVE 
The Group adhered to the Customer-oriented service philosophy and strived to provide safe and comfortable living conditions or highly efficient business environment to all residents and commercial tenants. Following the ceremonious initiation of the Group s customer satisfaction survey in early 2013, a total of 7,056 valid questionnaires were collected after nationwide distribution with the annual proprietor satisfaction rate achieving 98%, and the Group was highly recognized by most of the proprietors. In June 2013, the Group initiated comprehensively the standardization and process-oriented customer complain system to further realize the highly efficient and quality customer complain administration through smooth and convenient complain and suggestion channels and optimization of internal process. The customer complain process system will record, in detail, and track every segment, treatment personnel, treatment efficiency and quality of customer complain treatment, thereby realizing the overall monitoring and appraisal of complain treatment process. Establishing the customer complain system is the key segment in building up the brand new customer service system by Yuzhou Properties. Not only has this provided convenience for proprietors to quickly solve the popping up problems, it also provides strong data support for Yuzhou Properties in terms of selection of future products components suppliers and demand for its quality and provides better and higher quality products and service for customers.

The Group extended its quality services to the post unit delivery to owners, covering the comprehensive after-sale services. The property management subsidiaries under the Group continued to innovate new services to provide quality customer services and enhance service standard. The Group formulated the standard and stringent property management training system radiating every branch nationwide and appraised over 1,000 employees.
In 2013, the Group was awarded as primary property service enterprise qualification by the Ministry of Housing and Urban- Rural Development of China, Yuzhou Castle Above City project was awarded as property management demonstration project in Xiamen, and Haicang Huaqiao City project passed the annual review of property management demonstration project in Xiamen and the ISO90001 quality system certification annual review.
The Group strengthened its communication with residents and provided quality property services and intimate living care to residents through the setting up of a comprehensive experiencing platform, the Yuzhou Cluby2mg . Since its establishment in September 2006 to date, Yuzhou Cluby2mg has nearly 30,000 members in Xiamen, Fuzhou, Quanzhou, Shanghai, Hefei, Tianjin, Beijing, Hong Kong and Singapore. Every year, Yuzhou Cluby2mg organizes a variety of activities as interactive communication links among its members to establish a harmonious and fraternity neighborhood platform for members to construct their own homes together with love. On 12 January 2013, over 10,000 property owners under Yuzhou Properties gathered together at the Fantasy Beach in Guanyin Mountain to enjoy the 10,000 people carnival feast. On 5 September 2013, Yuzhou Wanboyue,ZS was held and became the cake lucky drawZS activity with the participating property among property brands in Xiamen with most participants, largest scale and longest duration. All these activities helped to establish the strong brand of the Group and had created more value in developing our properties.

PROPER ACQUISITION OF NEW LAND LOTS TO CATER FOR FUTURE DEVELOPMENT The Group adhered consistently to its strategic guideline of Based in West Strait and Expand Nationwide Coverage in Chinaz wm 9j-N W in replenishing strategically its land reserves by taking into account comprehensively the various factors like land market environment, property market development trend and its own financial conditions. In 2013, the Group added 2.66 million sq.m. to its land reserves in Bengbu, Hefei, Zhangzhou, Shanghai and Xiamen at an average land premium price of RMB2,595 per sq.m., accumulating resources for its future performance. Of which, through equity acquisition, the Group acquired the land parcels in Bengbu and Zhangzhou in January and April 2013 at the average gross floor prices of RMB660 and RMB2,400 per sq.m.
respectively. The average land cost was significantly lower than market standard and the total salable area were approximately 668,000 sq.m. and 255,000 sq.m. respectively. Bengbu is an important comprehensive industrial base in Anhui Province and even in Eastern China. It is one of the three biggest center cities and also the economic artery and key developed regional large center city in Anhui Province. Our projects are in the vicinity of Bengbu Municipal Government and Bengbu South Train Station.
By benefiting from the solid brand effect of Yuzhou Properties in Hefei and the proximity of Bengbu to Hefei, we firmly believe that we could replicate our success in Hefei to Bengbu and the profit expected to be generated from this acquisition will be very substantial. Zhangzhou has a prime geographical advantage with its east facing Taiwan Strait where Taiwan Province is just across the sea, and is linked to Quanzhou and Xiamen in the northeast, forming the South Fujian Golden Triangle . Our projects are adjacent to Zhangzhou Municipal Government and are expected to generate substantial income.

Moreover, in January and December 2013, the Group secured the Hefei project at an average gross floor price of RMB1,421 and RMB2,825 respectively with a total salable area of 919,000 sq.m.
and 470,000 sq.m.. With seven years of real estate development history in Hefei, a sophisticated and highly efficient team was already in place. Such investment can further consolidate Yuzhou Properties leading position in Hefei. In July 2013, through open listing, the Group acquired a plot of quality residential land in Shanghai at an average gross floor price of RMB10,405 with a total salable area of 127,000 sq.m. The acquisition of Shanghai land lot was an important initiative for the Group to develop Shanghai residential market after entering into Shanghai in 2004, and also was the new breakthrough achieved by Yuzhou Properties in Shanghai property market following Pudong New Area and Jinshan District. The acquisition and subsequent development of this land lot enabled the Group to expand its land reserve in first-tier cities and increased its market share in Shanghai residential market.
Furthermore, in December 2013, through open tender, auction and listing, the Group secured a plot of quality residential land and a plot of officecommercial land in Xiamen at the average gross floor prices of RMB12,059 and RMB3,013 respectively with a total salable area of 136,000 sq.m. and 89,000 sq.m. Thus, Yuzhou had development projects in the six districts of Xiamen (Siming District, Huli District, Haicang District, Jimei District, Tong an District and Xiang an District) and had further consolidated its leading position 
At present, the Group has in total nearly 40 projects at different development stages in Xiamen, Fuzhou, Quanzhou, Longyan, Shanghai, Hefei, Bengbu, Tianjin and Zhangzhou. The quality land resources and relatively low land costs will continue to support Yuzhou Properties performance in the nation s main markets in next few years. During the process of replenishing the land reserves, we adhere to embark on such aspects like high cost performance, sustainable development and reasonable layout .
The Group pays special attention to the indicators like execution, sell-through rate and profit margin of the investment projects and formulates the stringent risk management and control mechanism to achieve the purpose of sustainable development. The increase in land reserves will further consolidate the strategic position of the Group in the key regions such as the West Strait Economic Zone, Yangtze River Delta Region and Bohai Rim Region. Currently, the Group s overall land reserve capacity is able to satisfy the development needs for the next 3 to 5 years. The Group will still increase its land reserves appropriately and decently under low costs according to its strategic guideline.

STABLE OPERATION WITH SUSTAINABLE 
While Yuzhou Properties was adhering to its stable operating strategy, it adopted optimized capital structure to reduce funding costs with its overall finance costs decreased to 8.69% by the end of 2013 from 9.72% in the end of 2012.
To achieve sustainable development, the Group actively organizes various financing channels to further optimize its financial structure to maintain a steady and sufficient cash flow. Whilst improving our own financial position continuously, we always maintain our awareness and sensitivity on overseas capital market and firmly capture the best financing channel. In April 2013, Yuzhou Properties entered into a dual-currency convertible term loan facility of US$101.8 million with six international and local banks for a term of three years at an interest rate of HIBOR plus 5.75%. It is mainly used as refinancing and general working capital purposes. Such bond financing had successfully expanded the financing channels and effectively reduced the Group s overall average financing costs, optimized the term portfolio of its borrowings and debt structure upon maturity, and significantly enhanced the financial flexibility of the Company. In July 2013, the Group and China Life Trustees Limited entered into an agreement relating to the issuing bonds with an aggregate principal value of HK$1.5 billion for a term of six years, bearing an interest rate of 10% per annum. This has optimized the Group s debt structure, extended the term of bonds and further consolidated the Group s capital strength. In September 2013, the Group issued US$300 million senior notes successfully for a term of five years with coupon interest rate decreasing to 8.75% from 13.5% when it was issued in 2010. The proceeds were used for refinancing and redeeming the US$200 million 13.5% senior notes due 2015. The successful finalization of the financing work in 2013 has, on one hand, improved the Company s debt structure and achieved the target of the Company that its cash balance is sufficient to cover its debts which are due within one year. On the other hand, the lower coupon interest rate will reduce the future finance expenses and is beneficial to control finance costs, striving for better profitability for the Company.

For domestic financing, the Group maintained good cooperative relationships with various commercial banks and is the VIP prime customer of the four largest state-owned banks such as Bank of China, China Construction Bank and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China. As at 31 December 2013, the total onshore and offshore credit facilities granted by domestic and foreign commercial banks reached RMB10.65 billion, with undrawn credit facilities of approximately RMB5.37 billion.
The Group also had sufficient cash and as at 31 December 2013, cash on hand was approximately RMB3.88 billion. The sound financial position and development prospect of the Group are widely recognized by the rating agencies. Both Moody and Standard & Poor have maintained the Company s issuer credit rating of B1 and B+ and debt rating of B2 and B respectively, with a Stable outlook.

MANAGEMENT REFORM AND TEAM 
During the year, the Group established and improved a series of operation and management systems, laying the foundation for achieving good results. The Group continued to optimize its organizational structure and management process in line with its strategies. In 2013, a total of 17 management regulations were amended and newly issued to improve the standardization of the human resources management system. The Group achieved 
sound cross-regional resources integration, carried out full budget and target cost control, improved the result-oriented performance system, supervised closely various established indicators for performance assessment in project operation, and established a professional talent echelon with key personnel for appropriative positions and improved substantially the performance result of projects and their quality. In 2013, the Group established the selection standard based on Yuzhou capability quality model, re-trimmed the corporate organizational structure and staff demand through coupling with the external market situation and the organizational development need, and established the complementary recruitment system between the Group and city company. To complement the need of corporate development and integrate with the talent echelon construction plan, the Group continued its talents Seeding Scheme in 2013 and on this basis, optimized, improved and completed the Yuzhou Young Talents Activity in 2014. This school recruitment included eight renowned colleges in China like Xiamen University and Fuzhou University, and completed the Selection of Yuzhou Young Talents through well-knitted processes such as preaching, written test, group discussion, preliminary testing by human resources department, final testing by recruiting department, etc. To support the corporate business exploration, the Group established the Yuzhou Talents Society targeting at middle-to-high end and professional category with an aim to reserve key talents for its future development. In addition, the Group implemented the incentive system such as granting of options and provided diversified incentive mechanism with the purpose of enabling our staff to share the success in the corporate development of the Group.

BUILDING EFFICIENT INVESTOR 
The Group endeavours to maintain a high level of transparency and corporate governance. Through the establishment of an efficient communication system with investors, it facilitates a win-win relationship with investors to enable the stakeholders, including investors, analysts, credit rating agencies and media, the accessibility of the Company s business philosophy, business strategies and growth potentials, and thus gain more recognition from capital markets, which is favourable for the Company to expand its financing channels and reduce its financing costs.
To ensure operation transparency, the Company distributes regularly to its shareholders and other stakeholders relevant corporate information. Furthermore, during 2013, we facilitated communications with investors and analysts of over 1,000 man- time, in which it included different types of communications like conducting 10 large road shows, covering Britain, Austria, Denmark, Sweden, France, Switzerland, Singapore, Kuala Lumpur, Hong Kong, Beijing, Shanghai and Macau, participated in 19 domestic and overseas investors summits or symposiums held by prominent investment banks or securities dealers, 116 meetings and telephone conferences with investors and 96 site visits, for the purpose of introducing actively the performance and development of the Company to increase the continuous attention of capital markets on the Company. The various renowned international investment banks also incorporate the Group into their research coverage, in which many investment banks and securities dealers such as Citi, Macquarie, DBS Vickers, BOC International, ICBC International, Haitong International, First Shanghai Securities, Guosen Securities, CSC Securities, Guoyuan Securities, Yue Xiu Securities, CPY and Everbright issued and continuously updated their research report on the Group one after another.

COMPLYING WITH A HIGH STANDARD OF 
The Group is always committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance. Under the full support of our outstanding management team, an efficient board of directors has been established with an internal control system soundly implemented.
The board of directors has all along directed and monitored effectively the business strategies operated by the Group.
The board of directors has established the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee in assisting the performance of its duties. The Group also established a sound and effective internal control system to safeguard the assets of the Group and shareholders interests. Under the assistance of the Audit Committee, the management team and internal and external auditors, the Company reviews regularly the internal control system of the Group.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES By pursuing its corporate mission of Serve the community and requite the community gR>yg, V1X>yg , the Group has been actively committed to its social responsibility to the society.
Alongside the Company s development, we always keep this in our mind. During the year, the Group actively participated in public activities and was involved in education, environmental protection, culture and other charity activities.
PROACTIVELY PARTICIPATING IN SOCIAL AND 
In the past 20 years, the Group raised donations amounting to RMB70 million through charitable activities. After the earthquake in Yaan in 2013, the Group immediately organized donation activities among its branches across the country. All money raised was donated to the earthquake disastrous areas. In October 2013 when Jimei University celebrated its centenary anniversary, Yuzhou once again donated RMB300,000 to each of the school board and the alumni association of Jimei University.

REALIZATION OF STAFF S OCCUPATIONAL VALUE ENHANCEMENT THROUGH ESTABLISHMENT OF A DEVELOPMENT PLATFORM FOR STAFF As of 31 December 2013, the Group had a total of 2,006 employees. The Group firmly believes that staffs are the most valuable assets of the Company, and is committed to building a platform for their growth. During the year, the Group organized a total of 55 internal trainings with 3,000 staff participated for a total of 7,270 man-hours. These include middle to senior management team building meetings, trainings on staff s expertise and skills, trainings to new employees, trainings to fresh graduates, staff motivation meetings, etc. The Group also provides the opportunities to hold concurrent post and rotation deployment, allowing staff to obtain learning and practising opportunities through more diverse working contents to realize occupational value enhancement. During the year, the Group continued to improve and implement a series of human resources system constructions such as welfare system management regulations, remuneration management regulations and new staff entry training management regulations to realize the enterprise s sustainable development. Every year, the Group conducts fruitful and fascinating staff activities in different ways, namely a variety of large-scale activities such as regular monthly Staff Birthday Parties , year-end parties, and mid-autumn pizza festival; all 
kinds of recreational activities such as setting up badminton club and basketball club, organizing unscheduled hiking, Chinese chess, singing contests, and family members gatherings; and has organized to participate the Xiamen International Marathon for many years. By creating such warm working environment, we have maintained our relationships with our staff and the society through love and converge the will of staff to realize the vision we and our 
OPTIMIZING WELFARE STRUCTURE TO RETAIN KEY TALENT In 2013, the Group promulgated the new version of Welfare 
0y)R{t z 0), with an aim to optimize the welfare structure for employees. To focus on the welfare of employees risk protection from accidental injuries, the Group also expanded the coverage of commercial insurance to families of employees.

VIGOROUSLY PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AND ENCOURAGING STAFF TO LIVE A LOW-CARBON LIFE The Group considers the environmental protection as a key factor in its corporate sustainable development. Therefore, it vigorously promotes environmental protection and encourages its staff to live a low-carbon life. The fully-equipped and greenish facilities of the Group constitute an ecological residential community with landscape gardens, enabling proprietors to experience Yuzhou Properties efforts in environmental protection. In terms of green building, Xiamen Yuzhou Plaza project is applying for U.S.
LEED CS Precertification. LEED CS is a set of green building rating standards launched by the United States and is the most authoritative green building certification worldwide. For sewage treatment, the Group invested over RMB1 million in Phase I of Yuzhou Golf and Yuzhou University City. In 2012, the Group donated RMB200,000 to Huli District, Xiamen for the treatment of sewage in rivers. For the design of the comprehensive treatment project for Fuzhou Venice landscape lake and the project for maintaining the water quality of the landscape lake of Quanzhou Yuzhou City Plaza, the Group has fully analyzed and evaluated the characteristics as well as the water sources, water quality, and water replenishing requirements of these two projects, and finally adopted the most advanced patented water treatment technology currently available in China. The final design has not only satisfied the sensory requirement of the water quality of the landscape lake, but can also serve the purpose of watering the green lands, thereby saving energy while reducing emissions. In the Group s daily operation, we have also actively participated in the environmental protection and public activities and attached 
importance to the awareness of environment protection of its staff.
On the March 12 Arbor Day of each year, the Group organizes various environmental protection activities, such as tree planting, and encourages the participation of staff family members and 
FOCUSING ON CONSTRUCTION SAFETY AND IMPLEMENTING VARIOUS SAFETY MEASURES The Group has always attached great importance to construction safety. We have implemented a variety of safety measures for construction sites based on relevant normative documents of the state, and have raised the practical implementation standards in accordance with the actual situation of each project. During the year, none of the Group s in-progress projects had any material safety accidents. In addition, projects of the Group have won a variety of awards and honors relating to construction safety: including Tianjin Yuzhou Palace Country was rated the model demonstration site for construction engineering quality, safety, and civilized construction management by Tianjin Municipal Government; Phase I project of Xiamen Yuzhou Central Coast A3 land parcel was rated the Provincial Demonstration Site by Fujian Provincial Government and the annual Municipal Civilized Construction Site by Xiamen Municipal Government; Xiamen Yuzhou Plaza project was rated the annual Municipal Civilized Construction Site by Xiamen Municipal Government; Xiamen Yuzhou Cloud Top International project was praised on newspaper by Xiamen Urban Appearance Management and Evaluation Office*[{tU ; Phase III project of Hefei Yuzhou Overseas Chinese City D land parcel section 2 was rated the Provincial Demonstration Site for Safety and Quality Standardization of Architectural Construction by Anhui Municipal Government, while its section 1 was rated the Municipal Demonstration Site for Safety and Quality Standardization of Architectural Construction by Hefei Municipal Government; Quanzhou Yuzhou City Plaza 2#A land parcel section 1 and 2 were rated the Provincial Demonstration Site for Safety and Civil Construction Standardization of Architectural Construction by Fujian Provincial Government; Shanghai Yuzhou Commercial Plaza was publicly praised by Shanghai Municipal Government as the annual district-level civilized construction site of Pudong New Area.

With our active practicing of social responsibilities as a corporate citizen, the Group won a great number of rewards. In 2013, Yuzhou Properties was named Anhui Credited Real Estate Enterprise 2012 (2012t[_O0W"uOmi jointly by Anhui Credit Guarantee Association, Hefei Consumer Association, and Anhui Star Market News. On 13 November, attributable to its outstanding performances in corporate governance, financial performance, social responsibilities, environmental responsibilities, and investor relations, Yuzhou Properties won the Best Corporate Governance and Investor Relations 2013 (2013gsOOmi{lS bO gold award. On 21 December, Yuzhou Properties was rated China s Top 50 Responsible Real Estate Enterprises -N WN0W"uTOP50) in an activity co-sponsored by the Policy Research Center of the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development of the PRC, and China Construction News.

INTERNAL RISK CONTROL The Group has established a clear organizational structure, and the headquarter has also formulated operation and management reporting standards which have been fully implemented in business units. Each business unit has also tailor-made their own operating policies and procedures based on their respective unique operating environment. Moreover, each business unit must prepare the planning of the coming year as the basis for annual budget and plans, subject to the approval of our Executive Directors. The actual results will be compared with budgets and reported at meetings of the Group and business meeting of each business unit in each quarter, with actions to be taken as and when appropriate.
The Group s Internal Audit Department reports directly to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and provides independent opinions on the monitoring system. The Internal Audit Department uses risk assessment methods to estimate risks and then solicit opinions from the management to develop an audit plan from an impartial point of view. Special focus should be placed on business activities with foreseeable high risks. For areas with special concern from the Group s management perspective, the Internal Audit Department will carry out special reviews to follow them up.
BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL RISKS The Group has initiated product standardization, comprehensive budget, target cost control and other special activities to perfect its institutional systems and process construction, improve operational efficiency, and safeguard against operational risks.
TALENT CHURN RISKS The Group is led by an experienced and professional management team. Since its inception in 1994, the Board of Directors has been leading the Group in its rapid development and expansion, and the composition of the key members of the Board has remained stable over years. Most executive officers of the Group have a working experience of over 10 years in the industry on average. We are confident in the capacities of the Group s human resources, especially executive officers and professional teams, which are of critical importance to the maintenance of the Group s strong competitiveness. To retain talents, the Company has adopted a share option scheme designed to grant share options to qualified employees rewarding and remunerating them for making contributions to the business success of the Group. The scheme has helped the Company to better address the talent churn risk.

In 2013, the Group reaped many awards due to its outstanding overall strength. It ranked 44th among China s Top 50 Real Estate Developers 2013 ( 02013-N W?b0W"u|vOmi507_ 0) issued by China Real Estate Research Association, China Real Estate Association, and China Real Estate Appraisal Center, and 42nd among China s Top 100 Real Estate Enterprises 2013 ( 02013 -N W?b0W"uv7_Omi 0) released by the Enterprise Research Institute under the Development Research Center of the State Council, Institute of Real Estate Studies of Tsinghua University, and China Index Academy. It was also enlisted among China s Top 100 Real Estate Enterprise for Eight Consecutive Years 2006- 2013 ( 02006-2013#kQt-N W?b0W"uv7_Omi 0). In addition, the Group was also rated the Top 10 Chinese Real Estate Enterprises Listed in Hong Kong with Investment Values 2013 
N?b0W"ulQSbP<PTOP10 0) and the Top 10 Chinese Real Estate Enterprises Listed Hong Kong with Financial Robustness 2013 ( 02013-N W(Wn 
RizeP'TOP10 0) issued by the Enterprise Research Institute under the Development Research Center of the State Council, Institute of Real Estate Studies of Tsinghua University, and China Index Academy. It was also awarded the Top 10 Hefei Real Estate Enterprises Regarding Residential Sales in 2013 H1 ( 02013t 
JStT?bOOO[.U107_ 0) by China Index Academy and the China s Outstanding Real Estate Developers 2013 ( 02013-N W PQ?b0W"uFU 0) by Hong Kong s authoritative financial magazine Economic Digest . All these demonstrate that Yuzhou Properties is recognized by all walks of life.

DEVELOPMENT STRATEGIES AND 
The global economic situation remains complex and varies from country to country. In the United States, the employment market, household spending, and housing conditions have picked up, while the Federal Reserve Board would gradually reduce the third round of quantitative easing (QE3) scale. Governments in the Eurozone boosted market s confidence in financial systems by policy and fiscal stimulus, so the overall situation in these countries has stabilized. As to China, the Report on the Work of the Government 2014 points out that the main targets that China has set for economic and social development in 2014 are: increase GDP by about 7.5%, keep the rise in the CPI at around 3.5%, ensure the economy to perform within a proper range, ensure a stable economic growth, employment does not fall below the prescribed minimum level and that inflation does not rise above the cap, and continuously advance industrialization and urbanization.
In view of the market conditions, Yuzhou Properties adopted the following development strategies: FOCUSING ON WEST STRAIT ECONOMIC ZONE 
The Group will continue to implement its unswervingly grand strategy of Based in West Strait and Expand Nationwide Coverage in Chinazwm 9j-N W . Based in West Strait is implying that we need to cultivate and root in the West Strait Economic Zone market. We must enter into all cities under the prudent consideration of sell-through rate, profit margin and execution , and form the synergy effect through radiating among city agglomeration. Expand Nationwide Coverage in China means the need to realize our middle to long term strategic layout.
The Group will maintain moderate scale expansion, consolidate current nationwide regional layout, and form the synergetic development layout of focusing on the West Strait Economic Zone, and taking the first and second tier cities with great development potentials as regional centers.

EXPLORING FINANCING CHANNELS Another important objective of the Group is to strengthen our cash flow management and healthy financial policy. The Group maintains well-established regional cooperative relationship with the four largest state-owned banks. As compared with other developers with similar size, the Group s average financing costs for onshore and offshore funding is in a lower level at only 8.69%. The Group will also actively maintain an efficient two-way communication with various institutes in international capital market to establish long-term and stable relationships. This will facilitate the Group in expanding its financing channels as well as reducing financing 
SEEKING TRUTH FROM FACTS AND TAKING ACTIONS TO SUIT LOCAL CONDITIONS The Group will seek truth from facts, take actions to suit local conditions, and promote products that are in line with market needs according to the economic standards of different cities.
The Group will improve the saleable ratio of products with good design to make products more humanized while launching the products that have a rigid inelastic demand. The Group intends to launch various brand new projects nationwide in 2014. The area of projects under construction reaches 3.45 million sq.m., the planned area of the new starts projects reaches 2.00 million sq.m.
and the planned completed area reaches 1.20 million sq.m. These brand new projects include Yuzhou Cloud Top International project in Xiamen, Yuzhou Castle Above City project in Longyan, Yuzhou Commercial Plaza project in Shanghai, Yuzhou Jade Lakeshire project in Hefei and Yuzhou Prince Lakeshirey2m" P[Vn project in Bengbu. In addition, there are approximately 40 projects under sale, covering cities like Xiamen, Quanzhou, Fuzhou, Longyan, Shanghai, Hefei, and Tianjin. These projects will further expand Yuzhou s brand influence in the West Strait Economic Zone, Yangtze River Delta Region and Bohai Rim Region. As at 31 December 2013, sales revenue of the Group not yet recognised in the income statement was approximately RMB10.4 billion, most of which will be gradually recognised within the next two years.
Therefore, we feel optimistic about our profit potential and are confident of making further progress in contracted sales in 2014.

ENHANCING THE PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL 
The Group has incorporated financial indicators, such as sales income and proceeds from sales and selling expenses, into the integrated performance ranking appraisal system and each city will need to enhance and increase its efforts in sales and cash collection to fulfill these indicators as they have direct impact on individual performance appraisal and bonus scale. Moreover, the Group convenes monthly coordination meetings with every city and holds quarterly large scale working conferences to solve municipal- related problems and improve working efficiency. We implement city ranking, quarterly appraisal, year-end summary with such appraisal stringently linked up with bonuses.
The appraisal and management of the performance ranking was carried out within the Group with satisfactory results. For instance, contracted sales in 2013 reached RMB10.959 billion which was 122% of sales target. Selling expenses were controlled within 1.66% of contracted sales and administrative expenses were controlled within 1.96% of contracted sales.
PRUDENTLY AND PROPERLY EXPANDING 
As the current land reserve will be able to meet the needs for the next three to five years, the Group will face the situation unexceptionally and will not acquire any land without any purpose.
Apart from acquiring land parcel through public bidding, auction and listing, we will also increase our land reserve through primary and secondary collaboration development and acquisitions of companies. We will strictly observe the investment disciplines and pay greater attention on execution, sell-through rate and profit margin of project investments. It is envisaged that the West Strait Economic Zone with Xiamen as its centre will remain as the key region for our future development with the proportion in land reserves of no less than 50%. For areas outside the West Strait Economic Zone that we have already had a foothold, we will also allocate resources appropriately to increase local land reserve at reasonable prices, continue to raise the level of our land reserve in Shanghai, Hefei and Tianjin and put our existing brand advantages into full play, with an aim to solidify our presence in the region.

With an increasing inelastic demand and home improvement demand in the property market, the Group is prudently optimistic about the prospects of the property market in 2014. With the development of the property market driven continuously by the urbanization in China, we believe that the property market in Mainland China will enjoy a promising prospect.
At the same time, we also realize that in the future, the core of real estate competition is services. As a result, while offering high-quality living space, we should provide more thoughtful and more attentive services and better our services along with project development. We will strive to become a first-class urban quality life service provider in China and create the new future of urban values jointly with customers. On the other hand, we will continue to innovate and actively explore different types of products, such as endowment real estate and commercial complexes, to build diversified industry-leading products. Moreover, we will consider the overall regional layout of projects in the future: further exploring cites where we have already kept a strong foothold, and continuing to tap our brand and service advantages and cement our existing customers to consolidate our leading position in these markets; for newly developed cities, intensifying research on local market capacity, industry distribution and population structure. We will appropriately reduce land parcels acquired through public bidding, auction and listing, which have become increasingly competitive, but rely more on merger and acquisition of companies as well as primary and secondary collaboration development, to acquire quality projects within a reasonable range of price. In addition, we will always abide by the strict financial systems and guidelines, control the Group s debt ratio and maintain cash flow at a 
The Group will continue to adhere the strategy of Making Steady and Rapid Progresses and complement the state development strategies, select and develop properties projects strategically in the macroeconomic environment, and with the rapid development and excellent projects execution to strive towards its vision of centennial prospects. Making steady progress requires that in the development we shall never advance rashly but in a prudent way that Yuzhou sets for us, and that we should follow the trend of the times and bravely face difficulties and challenges; while making rapid progress signifies that we should also lead the industry even we have reached each financial standard and satisfied the requirement of sustainable development of a listed company at a 
development rate that Yuzhou requires and is within the scope of its capacity. Our centennial corporate prospects are not confined only in constructing buildings, but also become the best real estate developer in China. In the medium-term, we are determined to become the top 30 property developers in China within five years.

In 2013, the Group had achieved its performance target of over RMB10 billion, which was really founded on the tremendous support from all circles and the diligent fulfillment, hard work, loyal services and unselfish contributions of all staff. 2014 marks the 20th anniversary since the establishment and the fifth anniversary since the listing of the Group. During the past two decades, the Group had experienced challenges and opportunities and developed in a steady and rapid manner along the path of regional scale development and, with the support of all circles and every staff, the Group had achieved its current success and goals. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our heartfelt thanks to all shareholders, investors, partners and customers for their trust and support. For Yuzhou, the year 2014 is the end of the first two decades, yet it also means the starting point of the next two decades. We will continue to draw on better corporate governance and management structure as well as the prudent financial strategies and adhere to our spirit of Building Cities with Heart, Building Homes with Love and dedicate to maximize the value for our shareholders and investors in creating the best returns.
Lam Lung On 
Hong Kong, 26 March 2014 