On behalf of the board of directors (the ]oard )of Yuzhou Properties Company Limited ( Yuzhou Properties or the Company ) I am pleased to present the annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the financial year ended 31 December 2012.
Year 2012 was just the third anniversary year of the listing of Yuzhou Properties and was also a fruitful year for Yuzhou Properties.
For the year ended 31 December 2012, turnover of the Group was RMB3,893.84 million and gross profit was RMB1,543.07 million. The average selling price of our properties sold was RMB7,593 per sq.m. and gross profit margin was approximately 40%. Profit attributable to shareholders was RMB726.21 million. Basic earnings per share was RMB25 cents. Core profit attributable to shareholders surged from RMB582.99 million in 2011 to RMB810.43 million in 2012 reaching a historic high. Core profit margin soared by 6 percentage points to 21%. Core earnings per share was RMB28 cent. The full year dividend was HK12 cents per share (2011: HK4 cents).

In 2012 the PRC property market rebounded with increases in both selling prices and volume. With strong inelastic demand and on-going loosening of the credit policies in Mainland China customers purchasing sentiments were improving. Therefore the Group's contracted sales also increased significantly to a historic high of RMB6.5 billion and had significantly improved the financial conditions of the Group.
In 2012, the Group adopted flexible strategies in project development and marketing and had successfully attained increases in both prices and volume. For instance, the selling prices of Yuzhou Shoreline and Yuzhou Central Coast increased from RMB11,000 and RMB8,000 at the beginning of 2012 to RMB16,000 and RMB13,000 respectively by the end of 2012, satisfying both the profit margin and sell-through rate requirements simultaneously. Contracted sales reached RMB6.5 billion, a significant increase of 52% as compared with 2011. Of which, sales performance in Xiamen was outstanding with contracted sales reaching RMB4.8 billion. Both the saleable area and contracted sales amount ranked top in Xiamen, attaining a market share of 9.3%. Furthermore, with contracted sales reaching RMB900 million, the sales performance of Hefei was blockbusting after years of relentless consolidation by the Group, which ranked among the top in Hefei with very encouraging results.

With sufficient cash and relatively low net gearing ratio, the Group leveraged on the opportunity of industry adjustments to supplement its land reserves, and had focused on the execution, sell-through rate and profit margin of its investment projects especially to achieve its continuous development.
For the development of the West Strait Economic Zone, the Group acquired one land parcel in Quanzhou in April 2012 in which the average land cost was significantly below market norm. The average floor price was RMB343 per sq.m. with total saleable GFA of approximately 820,000 sq.m.. In 2012, Quanzhou was permitted to become the third National Financial Comprehensive Reform Pilot Region W[}}T9eifW@S to form a diversified and dynamic financial system. We are fully confident about the development of Quanzhou. With over 1.30 million sq.m. land reserve in Quanzhou, it is expected that Quanzhou will become an important growth driver of the Group in the future. In August 2012, the Group had again successfully obtained the Longyan Project at an average floor price of RMB1,921 per sq.m. with total saleable GFA of approximately 310,000 sq.m.. It signified the formal establishment of the Group's foothold in western Fujian and had laid a solid foundation of Yuzhou Properties' expansion strategy in the West Strait Economic Zone. Longyan is an important mining and tourist region in Fujian Province. With the improving infrastructure in Longyan City, its real estate development is growing rapidly. By complementing with the brand effect of Yuzhou Properties in West Strait, it is expected that this investment will generate satisfactory returns to the Group in the future.
For the development of the Yangtze River Delta Region, the Group acquired land parcels in Hefei in July 2012 and January 2013 with an average floor price of RMB1,755 per sq.m. and RMB1,421 per sq.m. respectively, and respective total saleable GFA were approximately 290,000 sq.m. and 920,000 sq.m.. With 7 years of real estate development history in Hefei, a sophisticated and highly efficient team was already in place. Such investment can further consolidate Yuzhou Properties' leading position in Hefei. In January 2013, through equity acquisition, the Group acquired a land parcel in Bengbu City at RMB440 million with total GFA of approximately 670,000 sq. m. at an average cost of approximately RMB660 per sq. m.. Located in northern Anhui Province, the midstream of Huai River, and the intersection between Jinghu Railway and Huainan Railway, Bengbu City is the traffic hub of Anhui Province. The land parcel acquired is in the vicinity of Bengbu City Government with lake landscape nearby, which is about 5 minutes' drive to Bengbu High-speed Railway Station. By benefiting from the solid brand effect of Yuzhou Properties in Hefei and the proximity of Bengbu to Hefei, we firmly believe that we could replicate our success in Hefei to Bengbu and the profit that is expected to generate from this acquisition will be very substantial.

To achieve sustainable development, the Group actively organizes various financing channels to further optimize its financial structure to maintain a steady and sufficient cash flow. The sound financial position and development prospect of the Group are widely recognized by the rating agencies. Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and Standard and Poor's Ratings Services maintain the Group's credit rating of B1 and B+ respectively with a Stable outlook. In 2012, the Company issued US$250 million senior notes which are due in 2017 were over 35 times oversubscribed and bears a coupon interest rate of 11.75%. The senior notes were subscribed emphatically in international capital market, proving the market's confidence towards the Group's outlook.

The Group endeavours to maintain a high level of transparency and corporate governance. Through the establishment of an efficient communication system with investors, it facilitates a win-win investor relationship to enable all parties the accessibility of Yuzhou Properties' business development strategies and growth potentials. During 2012, the Group facilitated communications with investors and analysts of over 450 man-time, in which it included such different types of communications as conducting 7 road shows domestically and abroad, participating in 20 domestic and overseas investors summits or symposiums held by prominent investment banks or securities dealers, 111 meetings and telephone conferences with investors and 77 site visits.

The Group is committed to improving the development and management capabilities of its investment properties. During the year, the Group's total annual rental income before taxation reached RMB 57.03 million, of which the overall occupancy rate of Xiamen Yuzhou World Trade Center Phase I and Phase II, with Xiamen train station nearby, was over 95%; while the average occupancy rate of the Yuzhou World Trade Plaza Phase I and Phase II in Hai Cang District, Xiamen was also above 98%. With the addition of Xiamen Yuzhou Center y2m-N_ ,Shanghai Yuzhou Center Nwm y2m-N_ and Yuzhou International Hotel of the Group that will be completed in the forthcoming years one after another, the rental and hotel revenues of the Group are expected to witness an explosive growth. The Group's business will become more diversified and it will generate more stable revenues with dispersed operational risks.

The Group received a number of widely recognized honours and awards with its excellent comprehensive strengths. For instance, the Group was awarded The 2012 China Mainland Real Estate Company TOP 10 Listed in Hong Kong in terms of Investment Value Ranking from China Real Estate TOP 10 Research Team, consisting of Enterprise Research Institute of Development Research Center of the State Council, Institute of Real Estate studies of Tsinghua University and China Index Academy. The Group was also awarded the 2012 Top 50 China Real Estate Listed Companies with Strongest Comprehensive Strengths from China Real Estate Research Association, China Real Estate Association and China Real Estate Appraisal, and also the Hong Kong Outstanding Enterprises 2012 from Economic Digest, an authoritative financial magazine in Hong Kong, illustrating that Yuzhou Properties is widely receptive by people from different communities.

By pursuing its corporate mission of Serve the community and requite the community gR>yg0V1X>yg the Group has been actively committed to its social responsibility since its incorporation. Alongside the Company's development, we always keep this in our mind. Yuzhou Properties has placed as much emphasis upon fulfilling its social responsibilities of being a good corporate citizen. It strives to establish a harmonious relationship between enterprises and the society and actively participates in various public welfare businesses and activities. It cares about children education in poverty regions, concerns about home rebuilding for residents in disastrous areas as well as advocates energy saving, environmental protection and sustainable development. For instance, the Group organized a grand public welfare evening event in December 2012 in which all donations raised from different parties were bestowed to Xiamen Charity Federation.
DEVELOPMENT STRATEGIES AND 
With US Federal Reserve Board committed to maintain a low interest rate policy until the end of 2014 and the massive low-interest loans made by European Central Bank to banks in Europe, the financial market is becoming more and more stable. The National Academy of Economic Strategy, CASS has estimated that China's GDP growth in 2013 will be about 8.5% and China's economic performance in 2013 will excel that in 2012. The global economy will be more promising if the US and European economies are also recovering.
In view of this situation, Yuzhou Properties has planned to adopt the following development strategies.
FOCUSING ON WEST STRAIT ECONOMIC ZONE DEVELOPMENT Firstly, the Group shall continue to adhere to its development strategy of becoming the leader in the West Strait Economic Zone. As a hub between China and Taiwan, the geographic location of West Strait Economic Zone is of strategic significance where it is adjacent to Taiwan and is linked to the Pearl River Delta Region and the Yangtze River Delta Region. With the backdrop of increasing economic integration between China and Taiwan, the West Strait Economic Zone has all along been one of the faster development regions in China. Most of our projects that are under construction or have already been launched are located in this area where we have attained competitive advantages in both land reserve and market share. The Group is also placed prominently in the leading position of property sales in the area. Moreover, with our extensive social network in Fujian and the surrounding regions, the Group has many collaborative projects with the local government, like the Quanzhou project pending for development that was acquired in April 2012. Under the current massive real estate market integration process, the market share in West Strait Economic Zone is of great significance to Yuzhou Properties. By learning from the past experience of abrupt market changes, the launching of new projects of the Group will be flexible and more orderly in 2013 and will continue to target its sales focus in Xiamen with solid inelastic demand from end users. Selling apartments will continue to be the key focus in our product portfolio and the proportion of villas and quality houses will also increase under gradual market recovery. It is expected that the West Strait Economic Zone market will remain a key drive of Yuzhou Properties' rapid growth in 2013.

EXPLORING FINANCING CHANNELS 
Furthermore, another important objective of the Group is to strengthen our cash flow management and healthy financial policy. Given the unused credit facilities of RMB3.8 billion as at the end of 2012 and compare with other developers of similar size, the lower loan interest through our well-established regional relationship with the four largest state-owned banks (weighted average interest rate of onshore and offshore funding is as low as 9.7%), we believe that the Group has sufficient capital for future development. The Group will also actively participate in international capital market, maintain an efficient two-way communication with various institutes in establishing long-term and stable relationships, in which it will facilitate the Group in expanding sources of financing as well as reducing financing costs.

SEEKING TRUTH FROM FACTS AND TAKING ACTIONS TO SUIT LOCAL CONDITIONS 
The Group will seek truth from facts, taking actions to suit local conditions, and promote products that are in line with market needs according to the economic standards of different cities, such as improving the saleable ratio of products with good design to make products more humanized while launching the products that have a rigid inelastic demand. The Group intends to launch various brand new projects nationwide in 2013 with current projects to be launched one after another under new portfolio. It is expected that about 13 major projects in 7 cities will be sold in 2013, namely Yuzhou Shoreline, Yuzhou Central Coast, Yuzhou Golf, Yuzhou Riverside City Town and Yuzhou Cloud Top International in Xiamen, Yuzhou Oriental Venice and Yuzhou Gushan No. One in Fuzhou, Yuzhou City Plaza in Quanzhou, Yuzhou Castle above City in Longyan, Yuzhou Skyline and Yuzhou Jade Lakeshire in Hefei, Yuzhou Land Dream in Shanghai and Yuzhou Palace Country in Tianjin. These projects will further expand Yuzhou's brand influence in the West Strait Economic Zone, Yangtze River Delta Region and Bohai Rim Region. We are confident of making further progress in contracted sales in 2013.
ENHANCING THE PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL SYSTEM 
The Group has incorporated financial indicators, such as sales income and proceeds from sales and selling expenses, into the integrated performance ranking appraisal system and each city will need to enhance and increase its efforts in sales and cash collection to fulfill these indicators as they have direct impact on individual performance appraisal and bonus scale. Moreover, the Group convenes monthly coordination meetings with every city and holds quarterly large scale working conferences to solve municipal-related problems and improve working efficiency. We implement city ranking, quarterly appraisal, year-end summary with such appraisal stringently linked up with bonuses. The appraisal and management of the performance ranking was carried out within the Group with satisfactory results. For instance, contracted sales in 2012 reached up to RMB6.5 billion which was 130% of sales target, proceeds from sales in 2012 exceeded RMB6 billion with contracted sales collection rate exceeded 90%, and selling expenses controlled within 2% of contracted sales.

OBSERVING STRINGENTLY THE 
With credit lending easing up and sales rebound, the land markets of various cities in China have recorded new historical high recently. As the current land reserve will be able to meet the needs for the next five years, the Group will face the situation unexceptionally and will not acquire any land without any purpose. Apart from acquiring land parcel through public bidding, auction and listing, we will also increase our land reserve through first and second-tier collaborative development and corporate shareholding acquisition. We will strictly observe the investment disciplines and pay greater attention on execution, sell-through rate and profit margin of project investments. It is envisaged that the West Strait Economic Zone will remain as the key region for our future development with the proportion in land reserves at or above 50%. For areas outside the West Strait Economic Zone that we have already had a foothold, we will also allocate resources appropriately to increase local land reserves at reasonable prices and put our existing brand advantages into full play, with an ultimate aim to solidify our presence in the region.

PURSUING A STABLE DEVELOPMENT AND TAKING ACTIONS TO SUIT SEASONAL CONDITIONS 
According to current cash flow situation, the Group will take actions to suit seasonal conditions and existing commitments to maintain a stable financial position for the Company. The gearing ratio at the end of the year was only 62% with cash on hand reaching a new historic high of RMB3.7 billion. For the medium-to-long term, by upholding our philosophy of Building Cities with Heart, Building Homes with Love NW Na{ [ we will continue to conduct our business with integrity and utilize our brand equity and resources. In particular, efforts will be made to strengthen our dominance in the West Strait Economic Zone, progressively expand our presence in the economic zone of Yangtze River Delta Region and further intensify our penetration in Bohai Rim Region, thereby to achieve the strategic objective of business development nationwide.

With urbanization pushing the property market forward continuously, we believe that the property market outlook in the PRC will continue to flourish. The past regulatory policy annexed by the government was aimed at cooling down the overheated property market, which in turn was conducive to the healthy development of the entire property market. We believe that with the execution of effective strategies, Yuzhou Properties can achieve better performance in the future.

The excellent performance of the Group in 2012 was really founded on the tremendous support from all circles and the diligent fulfillment of all staff. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our heartfelt thanks to all shareholders, investors, partners and customers for their trust and support. We will adhere to our spirit of Building Cities with Heart, Building Homes with Love and dedicate to maximize the value for our shareholders and investors in creating the best returns.
Lam Lung On 
