Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the annual results of Yuzhou Properties Company Limited ( Yuzhou Properties or the Company ) and its subsidiaries ( the Group ) on behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of the Company for the financial year ended 31 
Year 2011 was a year of transition for the PRC s property market that brought both challenges and opportunities to Yuzhou 
For the year ended 31 December 2011, turnover and gross profit of the Group amounted to approximately RMB3,839.08 million and RMB1,884.46 million, respectively, representing a decrease of 10.0% and an increase of 6.0%, respectively, as compared with last year. Gross profit margin was 49.1%, representing an increase of 7.4 percentage points, as compared with last year. Profit for the year was approximately RMB941.63 million and the net profit margin was approximately 24.5%, representing a decrease of approximately 2.3% and an increase of approximately 1.9 percentage points, respectively, as compared with last year. The basic earnings per share were RMB39 cents, representing a decrease of 2.5%, as compared with last year.
Core profit attributable to shareholders was approximately RMB582.99 million. Core Profit attributable to shareholders for second half year was approximately RMB574.52 million, representing an increase of 6,883.0% and 91.2%, respectively, as compared with the first half year of 2011 and the corresponding period of 2010.

The Board has proposed to declare a final dividend of HK4 cents per share and a bonus issue of 2 bonus shares for every 10 existing shares held.

In 2011, the most concerned topic of the PRC property market was the macro control implemented by the central government.
In order to deflate the property bubble, the government imposed credit tightening measures and purchase restrictions on property markets in major cities to rationalize property prices, thus ensuring a sustainable market and growth. This was a turning point for the property market: since September 2011, property markets in the first tier cities started to see the stubborn volume and price finally falling at the same time. And by November in the same year, this falling trend spread to second and third tier cities, as once inelastic nature of property demand has succumbed to the persistent suppressing measures. In addition, according to the 12th five-year plan, the scale of social security housing has been further expanded with the construction of over 4 million units of social security housing which will naturally consume a considerable portion of purchasing power for property. Under such circumstances, property developers took more conservative approaches with prudent cash flow management. And those developers with weak financial resources started to fall over, and that only fuelled the market consolidation further. Against such a backdrop, Yuzhou Properties still recorded contracted sales of RMB4,296 million in 2011.
Yuzhou Properties has adopted a prudent approach in this tough market, concentrating its business strategically in the West Strait Economic Zone while at the same time cautiously expanding nationwide. In 2011, Yuzhou Properties achieved a total contracted sales of RMB4,296 million, with an average selling price of RMB8,926 per sq.m., from its 14 projects located in Xiamen, Fuzhou, Shanghai, and Hefei. It launched 11 projects in its core market of the West Strait Economic Zone. This area 
accounted for 64% of total contracted sales, of which 8 projects or 43% were from Xiamen and 3 projects or 21% were from Fuzhou. The Group sold a total GFA of 481,258 sq.m., where Xiamen and Fuzhou accounted for 43% and 10%, respectively.
Three major projects, namely Phase II of Yuzhou University City, Phase II of Yuzhou Oriental Venice and Phase II of Yuzhou Skyline contributed 16%, 13% and 18%, respectively to the total contracted sales in 2011.

As of 31 December 2011, the aggregate saleable GFA of the Group s land reserves was 5.29 million sq.m. They are mainly located in the West Strait Economic Zone, Yangtze River Delta Region and Bohai Rim Region, with a proportion of 58%, 33% and 9% of the total saleable GFA, respectively. Two land parcels were acquired in 2011 with a total GFA of 700,000 sq.m. In March 2011, the Group acquired a land in Shanghai at an average land cost of RMB1,324 per sq.m. The GFA was 211,418 sq.m. and the land can be developed into a SOHO-style office tower. In May 2011, the Group acquired its first land parcel in Quanzhou. The GFA was 491,800 sq.m. with an average land cost of RMB338. This project was collaborated with the local government and has further reinforced the Group s leading position in the West Strait Economic Zone. The land in Quanzhou can be developed into residential, office and commercial 
In the second half of 2011, the Group timely slowed down its land acquisition cautiously, with an aim to enhance its cash flow. Rental income for 2011 amounted to RMB59.54 million, reaching a record high since the establishment of the Group.
Our investment properties have maintained a relatively high occupancy rate; of which, Xiamen World Trade Center Phase I and II achieved over 90% of occupancy rate on average and received Xiamen Business Landmark Top 10 Urban Trendy Prize from Xiamen Municipal Bureau of Commerce. The stable rental income has backed the Group with a higher capacity for steady cash inflow and becomes more important for the growth of the Group.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES Pursuing its corporate mission of Serve the community and requite the community gR>yg0V1X>yg , the Group has been actively committed to its social responsibility since its incorporation. Alongside the Company s development, we always keep this in our mind. Yuzhou Properties has placed as much emphasis upon fulfilling its social responsibilities of being a good corporate citizen. During the year, the Group continued to make contributions in various charity areas, including education, art, poverty relief and national constructions. Total donations amounted to over RMB3 million.

2011 was a year of structural reform for the PRC property market. The macro control implemented by the central government put an end to the golden decade of rapid growth in the property market as well as significantly slowed down the market activities. Since the beginning of 2011, the government deployed monetary tightening measures against the property market, followed by restrictions on house purchasing and the enlarged scale of social security housing, which led to a turnaround point in the property market that resulted in a significant drop in sales volume and price in late 2011. Most of the developers have been influenced heavily by the macro adjustments and some major concerns have popped up: (1) cash flow management and financing; and (2) property sales.

In view of this situation, Yuzhou Properties has planned a series of strategies to tackle the difficulties. Yuzhou Properties determines to be the leader in the West Strait Economic Zone.
Most of our projects are located in this area where we have attained competitive advantages in land reserve and market share. The Group has also stayed prominently in the top three positions of property sales in the area. With our extensive social network in Fujian and the surrounding regions, the Group will continue to seize opportunities to collaborate with the local government, and seek to replicate the successful track record of the Quanzhou project acquired in May 2011. Learning from the lesson in 2011, the Group s project launch schedule will be more evenly spread throughout the year to allow greater flexibility. Targeting the solid demand from end users in Xiamen, apartments will be our key focus in our product portfolio whereas villas will be the minority. The stable sales in the West Strait Economic Zone will be the key to drive Yuzhou Properties growth during this challenging time in the property market.
Another priority for Yuzhou Properties in 2012 is to strengthen our cash flow management and financial control. The financial burden from land acquisition is relatively small, except a payment of RMB110 million for land premium is expected to be due within the year. Given the unused credit facilities of RMB3 billion as at the end of 2011 and the lower loan interest through our well-established regional relationship with the four largest state- owned banks (weighted average interest rate of onshore and offshore funding is as low as 9.1%), we believe that the Group has sufficient capital for future development. Moreover, Yuzhou Properties will also accelerate the inventory turnover to fortify 
2012 is expected to be another difficult year for the property sector with intensified competition and consolidation. Yuzhou Properties will face all upcoming challenges with a continual effort to adhere to our faith and our mission in building towns with heart and building homes with love NW Na{ [ , and with an unswerving dedication to deliver profitability and 
The central government is determined to maintain curbs over the PRC s property market, aiming at bringing property prices down to a reasonable level. The biggest challenge for developers will be the sluggish sales volume in the market. As the consolidation becomes more severe, weaker players lacking competitive edges and financing resources will continue to be pushed out creating new business opportunities for developers who have sufficient funding and stable sales to further their pursuits. Under this backdrop, Yuzhou Properties will move forward with its healthy financial strength, flexible pricing strategy, and competitive advantages in the West Strait Economic Zone, thereby delivering satisfactory results to our shareholders.
Lam Lung On 
Hong Kong, 22 March 2012 