Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the annual results of Yuzhou Properties Company Limited ( Yuzhou Properties or the Company ) and its subsidiaries ( the Group ) on behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2010. Year 2010 was a year of speedy development for Yuzhou Properties since its listing and also a year when the Company actively planned and soundly expanded its business in Yangtze River Delta Region (w N0W@S) and Bohai Rim Region (t$nwm0W@S).
As of 31 December 2010, turnover and gross profit of the Group amounted to approximately RMB4,265.56 million and RMB1,777.38 million, respectively, representing an increase of 114.2% and 79.9% respectively, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Core profit attributable to shareholders was approximately RMB756.59 million and the basic core earnings per share were RMB32 cents, representing an increase of 88.5% and 52.4%, respectively, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.

To reciprocate the continuous support and trust of its shareholders, and taking into account the needs for the Group s future development, the Board has proposed to declare a final dividend of HK11 cents per share, representing an increase of 46.7% as compared with 2009 and a payout ratio of 29.7% of core profit for the year of 2010, which is consistent with the Group s dividend payout policy that the payout ratio is approximately 30% since its listing.

The year 2010 was the Group s first completed financial year since its listing on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( the Hong Kong Stock Exchange ). During the period, contracted sales, turnover and core profit all reached new records since the Group was established in 1994. The Group will continue to consolidate its advantageous position in the West Strait Economic Zone by sourcing land with high quality so as to strengthen its leadership in this zone and steadily enter Yangtze River Delta Region and strategically position itself in Bohai Rim Region.

In 2010, the central government introduced a series of control measures for the property market, which resulted in prolonged adjustment of the market. These measures were designed to control and curtail property transactions for investment and speculation purposes, though they also resulted in restraining part of the demand for self-occupation purposes. Consequently, there was a significant drop in transaction volume of the property market, particularly in first and second tier cities, during the second half of the year. In the backdrop of prudent monetary policy measures launched by the government, the property market cannot rule out further pressure from some more new control measures in 2011. In light of the prevailing macro-economic environment and changes of the market, the Group has timely adjusted its business strategies and recorded a remarkable sales performance.
During the period, the Group reached its adjusted annual sales target as its projects recorded good sales. As of 31 December 2010, the Group completed a total GFA of 496,998 sq.m. and commenced construction of a total GFA of 1,930,744 sq.m.. The major on-going sale projects included Yuzhou World Trade Center, Phase I of Yuzhou Skyline (previously known as Yuzhou Huaqiao City), Yuzhou Golden Seacoast, Phase I of Yuzhou University City and Yuzhou Galaxy Garden; the newly-launched projects included Phase II of Yuzhou University City, Yuzhou Castle above City, Yuzhou Gushan No. One, Phase II of Yuzhou Oriental Venice and Yuzhou Land Dream. In 2011, it is expected that the Group will have an aggregate GFA under construction of 2,600,000 sq.m. and a saleable GFA of 1,012,113 sq.m.. Four projects are planned to be launched, namely Yuzhou Golf, Phase II of Yuzhou Skyline, Yuzhou Shoreline and Yuzhou Sunshine Garden.

During the period, the Group actively seized the opportunity for acquisition and strategically increased quality land reserves of approximately 5.44 million sq.m. with low land cost, of which the GFA of approximately 4.18 million sq.m. are with primary land development qualification. These lands are mainly located in the West Strait Economic Zone, Yangtze River Delta Region and Bohai Rim Region, accounting for 52%, 4% and 44% respectively.
In June 2010, Yuzhou Properties won the bid for a parcel of land with GFA of approximately 60,000 sq.m. near Tongan Industrial Estate, Xiamen at a consideration of RMB94 million. The project is planned for residential purpose temporarily named as Sunshine Garden. The Company also obtained the primary development qualification for a site of the complex project in Quanzhou at low cost. The land has an aggregate planned GFA of approximately 2.24 million sq.m.. Upon completion, the project will become the largest complex project in the West Strait Economic 
Zone. The Group is expected to acquire the land at a land cost of approximately RMB300 per sq.m.. In addition, Yuzhou Properties successfully won the bid for two parcels of land near Xia Men Tong an Movie & TV City through public land auction at total considerations of RMB506 million and RMB364 million, respectively in October 2010. In 2010, numerous project acquisition in Xiamen and Quanzhou further strengthened the development of the Group in the West Strait Economic Zone.
During the period, Yuzhou Properties acquired the entire interest in Shanghai Xiersi General Merchandise Co., Ltd.
for RMB261.5 million in June 2010, thereby acquiring a land plot with an aggregate planned GFA of approximately 110,000 sq.m. for commercial use in Huinan Town, Pudong New Area in Shanghai owned by Xiersi at an average land cost of RMB2,367 per sq.m.. The commercial land will be developed into a large-scale shopping center.
In September 2010, Yuzhou Properties gained its foothold in Bohai Rim Region by successfully winning the bid for three parcels of land with an aggregate GFA of over 300,000 sq.m. in Tianjin through public land auction at a total consideration of approximately RMB369.56 million. In October 2010, Yuzhou Properties successfully won the bid for a parcel of land located in Tianjin through public land auction at a total consideration of approximately RMB137.82 million, which further strengthened its position in Bohai Rim Region. On 20 December 2010, Yuzhou Properties further obtained the primary land development qualification of a parcel of land with a site area of approximately 2 million sq.m. in Pinggu District, Beijing and held a signing ceremony with the local government, which laid a solid foundation for the Company to tap into Beijing and consolidate its development in the center of Bohai Rim Region.
Acquisition of new sites continually at low costs during the year has resulted in average land cost at a low level of approximately RMB1,620 per sq.m., which is far below the average current market price. In addition, we have participated in two large projects under primary development. These projects are expected to contribute significantly to the future earnings of the Group.
As of 31 December 2010, the aggregate saleable GFA of the Group s land reserves was over 4.91 million sq.m., of which saleable GFA of completed and unsold properties amounted to approximately 150,000 sq.m., saleable GFA of projects under development amounting to approximately 1.95 million sq.m. and the GFA of projects held for future development amounting to approximately 2.81 million sq.m.. In addition, we have two projects granted primary development qualification with expected aggregate GFA no less than 4 million sq.m..
Appointment of New Chief Executive Officer Mr. Huang Zhibin joined the Company and was appointed as the chief executive officer and executive director in January 2011. We are honored to have him with us. He has been engaged in real estate planning, development and management for more than 17 years. He has a profound understanding of the real estate market in the West Strait Economic Zone, and acquired expertise in law-related issues. Undoubtedly, his joining in the Company has enhanced the strength of the management team of Yuzhou Properties, enabling the Company to develop into a quality listed company with professionalism and standardization.

Corporate Social Responsibilities Pursuing its corporate mission of Serve the community and requite the community ( gR>yg V1X>yg), the Group has been actively committed to its social responsibilities since its incorporation. Alongside the Company s development, we always keep this in our mind. Yuzhou Properties has placed as much emphasis upon fulfilling its social responsibilities of being a good corporate citizen. We have actively participated in various charity programs, such as Project Hope and other charitable activities like those concerning cultural education, relief activities, environmental protection, medical healthcare and urban transportation. We have actively participated in and organized relief activities to aid the earthquake-stricken people in Yushu, Qinghai. The Group donated RMB2 million to disaster-hit Nanping at a special evening party titled Standing Together for Relief of Min (Fujian province) in Hard Times ( TfkQ ) for aiding the flood-stricken Fujian Province, which was jointly organized by United Front Work Department of Fujian Provincial Party Committee (ywYq}0b), Propaganda Department of Fujian Provincial Party Committee (wY[P), International Federation of Red Cross Society of China, Fujian Branch (w}ASW[ g), Fujian Provincial Charity Federation (wHaU=g) and Fujian Federation of Industry and Commerce (w]FUo) in June 2010. This manifested the commitment to corporate social responsibilities and mission by offering a bit of help for the flood victims to rebuild their homes.

Property management and after-sale services have always been the focus of the Group s business and services as the basis of our after-sale services and branch enhancement Huaqiao City Property Management Co., Ltd. (PW irmi{tlQS), a subsidiary of the Company, is committed to providing residents with safe, comfortable, convenient and high quality property management services, and will continue to improve the standard of services on such basis and constantly strive to provide property management services up to the international and professional standard, in accordance with our customers demands. This helps us provide necessary supporting services for the project development activities and sustain a comprehensive development of the Group in the future.

The Group has always placed emphasis on the interaction and communication with shareholders and investors.
During the period, Morgan Stanley, the sole sponsor for the listing of the Company, organized a roadshow by the senior management of the Group in April 2010. BOC International, Nomura International and Royal Bank of Scotland, joint lead managers for the issue of senior notes by the Group, further organized an international roadshow by the senior management of the Group in November 2010, and made visits to and engagement with domestic and overseas investors. In addition, the management periodically attended various domestic and overseas investor seminars and investor meetings for multilateral andor one-to-one communication with the investors. The management also actively organized and hosted numerous visits for domestic and overseas investors and analysts for our projects, thereby ensuring a timely and visual understanding of the latest development and future strategic planning of the Group by its investors.

The Group has formulated mid-term and long-term development strategies based on its judgment on the outlook of property market. Pursing our philosophy of To build a town with faithfulness, to offer a home with love (N W Na{[), we conduct our business, in a manner to earn the confidence of our stakeholders and enhance our resources and competitive edge of our brands. The Group puts efforts to consolidate its dominant position in the West Strait Region, and further strengthen its position in the West Strait Economic Zone. Meanwhile, we also aim at gradual expansion in the economic zone of Yangtze River Delta Region, further building our presence in the Bohai Rim Region, so as to achieve the strategic objective of a nation-wide development of our operations. Based on the overall development needs, we continue to identify suitable projects with good prospects. On the other hand, we shall continue to seize market opportunities to replenish our high-quality land reserves timely to promote our sustainable development.
With the continued expansion of our business, our targeted saleable GFA started in 2011 are approximately 1.01 million sq.m.. We expect that our targeted GFA sold and the corresponding sales amount in 2011 will witness an increase as compared with 2010.
The Group entered into an agreement with China Life Trustees Limited, a company of the China Life Insurance (Overseas) Company Limited, in July 2010, for the issue of bonds in the aggregate principal amount of HK$1,000 million to specific subscribers. The bonds will mature in three years and bear an interest rate of 10% per annum.
The Group successfully issued US$200 million (equivalent to approximately HK$1.56 billion) senior notes, with a maturity of five years and bearing a coupon interest rate of 13.5% in December 2010. These two successful financing activities further enhanced the liquidity of the Group, providing advantageous funding support for land acquisitions, and also laid a solid foundation for launching the product diversification strategy and long-term strategic development of the Group.

As China s economy continues to grow, regional economies will become more balanced, and the level of urbanization is continuously increasing. The Group will continue to pursue our prudent development strategies in accordance with the macroeconomy, ensuring the shareholders and investors of the Company to be rewarded as the Company s business continues to grow in the future with diversified product portfolios, high-quality land reserves at low lost, healthy financial position and sound and long-term development. The Company will continue to provide our customers with properties of even higher performance-to-price ratio so as to make greater contributions to the 
The efforts and contributions made by the Group s entire staff are essential for the Yuzhou Properties development.
I would like to express our sincere gratitude for the continuous support and trust from our shareholders, investors, business partners and customers on behalf of the Board. The entire staff of Yuzhou Properties is determined to forge ahead in unity and make steady progress to bring greater return for the shareholders.
Lam Lung On 
Hong Kong, 30 March 2011 