Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of Yuzhou Properties Company Limited ( Yuzhou Properties or the Company ), I am pleased to present the annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2014.

During the period under review, turnover of the Group was RMB7,836.63 million, representing a significant increase of 4.9% as compared to RMB7,470.61 million of the corresponding period of 2013, reaching a historic high. Gross profit was RMB2,844.77 million, representing an increase of 22.7% as compared to RMB2,319.08 million of the corresponding period of 2013, and gross profit margin was approximately 36.3%, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.26 percentage points. Profit attributable to owners of parent was RMB1,254.38 
million, representing a decrease of 14.7% as compared to RMB1,471.22 million of the corresponding period of 2013. Basic earnings per share were RMB36 cents, representing a year-on-year decrease of 16.3%.
Excluding the changes in the valuation of investment properties, core profit attributable to owners of parent was RMB1,025.34 million, representing an decrease of 5.9% as compared to RMB1,089.92 million of the corresponding period of 2013. Basic core earnings per share was RMB30 cents, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.3%. The full year dividend was HK16 cents per share (2013: HK15 cents), an increase of 6.7% compared with last year, representing a payout ratio of approximately 43.2% of core net profit for year 2014.

During the period, the world economy saw profound adjustments and the geopolitical situation remained complicated and volatile while the growth of China s macro economy slowed down. In 2014, China s GDP growth rate was 7.4%, with the growth rate of property investment as low as 10%, which means that both China s overall economy and the property market entered a period of adjustment, which is the New Normal .
When China s low labour cost and demographic dividend vanishes, China will have to face the challenges brought about by the middle income trap . To get out of the trap , the national economy shall be upgraded and transformed into an innovation-driven and technology- driven economy. Such a tough process of transformation is exactly the New Normal that we have to face.
The first quarter of 2014 witnessed a overall downturn in the property market and obvious discrepancy between the property markets of different cities due to the impact of macro economy as well as the influence of insufficient demand, high inventory level, credit crunch and the prevailing wait-and-see attitude in the market. Since the beginning of the second quarter of 2014, the central government has launched a range of mini-stimulus measures to stabilise growth and facilitate reform. Many cities of mainland China have taken various measures, to relax property market regulations, such as lowering the reserve requirement ratio in a targeted and comprehensive way, relaxing the inspection on the qualification of residents with household register of other cities, increasing the maximum amount of the provident fund loans available, offering tax deduction and exemption and loosening the housing mortgage loan and lowering the interest rate. The ministry-level joint conference led by the Ministry of Land and Resources of the People s Republic of China issued the Timetable for the Completion of Real Estate Registration NR"u{v[bBfh . Also, the central government facilitated the urban revitalisation and advanced the launch of pilots for shared ownership housing. All these measures indicated that the central government is attempting to solve the problems arised from the downturn in the property market through a 
market-oriented way, and to let local governments have more discretion in making regulatory policies, in an effort to release the rigid demand and guide the market to move towards a reasonable balance. As various stimulus measures were adopted and implemented, from the third quarter of 2014, the property market has been stabilising and the rigid demand was released in an orderly manner.
Therefore, the sentiments in the property market began to improve, and the pace of purchasing power recovery also accelerated with the decrease in the interest rate of housing mortgage loan and the market gradually recovered from the bottom.
The Report on the Work of the Government 2015 does not contain stricter property control measures, but points out that market-oriented measures should be taken to adjust the property market and more efforts should be made to explore and establish a long-term mechanism for property market adjustment. The market expected that after the long-term mechanism is established, the central government will reduce its administrative intervention measures, which will benefit the long-term and healthy development of the property market. Under the measures targeted at different tiers cities, the property market in China is no longer a unitary one. Rather, mixed developments will be found among different cities. As the household registration system is gradually abandoned, the family planning policy is relaxed, and more people flow into tier 1 and 2 cities with rich urban public resources such as infrastructures, job opportunities, medical facilities and education, which will help boost the competitiveness of major cities. Meanwhile, due to the outflow of human and other resources, supply will exceed demand in tier 3 and 4 cities, further intensifying the polarization between cities and cause Matthew Effect. For instance, Xiamen (a coastal city which is the economic center of Fujian and the Group s headquarter), Hefei (the capital of Anhui province that serves as a political and economic center 
and the second most important city to the Group) and Nanjing (the capital of Jiangsu province and the strategic city that the Group entered in 2014) are best performing cities in the property market in 2014. These cities enjoyed relatively high GDP growth rate, relatively high disposable income and stable increase in average property price as well as low inventory, surplus net population inflow which caused supply and demand balance even short supply in the property markets. As mentioned in the Report on the Work of the Government 2015 , China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone was expanded and similar zones were newly established in Guangdong, Tianjin and Fujian.
Progress was made in developing infrastructure and promoting coordinated development among regions.
Significant progress was also made in coordinated development in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and in building the Yangtze Economic Belt. Considering the approval of China (Fujian) Pilot Free Trade Zone and China (Tianjin) Pilot Free Trade Zone, as well as the expansion of China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone, the integration of the building of One Belt and One Road N6N and the synergetic development in the Beijing-Tianjin- Hebei region, and the State Council s plan to develop the Yangtze Economic Belt into an economic belt with global influence in 2014, the Group will be well positioned to capture the opportunities for further development in the key cities in these regions such as Xiamen, Hefei, Nanjing, Fuzhou, Shanghai and Tianjin.

In the long run, the urbanization in mainland China will continue. In March 2014, the state issued the China Urbanization Plan for 2014-2020 
R(2014-2020) 0), in which it raised a goal of increasing the urbanization rate of permanent population to 60.0% from the current rate of 53.7%, which will give a boost to industrialisation, encourage non-agricultural industries and rural population to gather towards cities and towns, and facilitate the overall economic development of the nation. Premier Li Keqiang also pointed out in the Report on the Work of the Government 2015 that urbanization is the fundamental solution to narrow the rural-urban disparity and the largest source of domestic demand.
The state will make efforts to promote urbanization and urban revitalisation, implement reforms to the household registration system and relax controls over the transfer of household registration, give targeted guidance, implement policies based on local conditions, give support to first- time homebuyers and upgraders. It is expected that the goal of enabling 100 million people to gain urban residency will be realized prior to 2020. To improve the planning and construction of cities and towns, the state need to formulate and implement plans for building city clusters, and work systematically to develop integrated infrastructure and basic public services within clusters.
Efforts should be made to bring population growth in megacities under control and develop smart cities. The progress of urbanization plus the continuous growth of income will eventually drive the long-term demand in the property market and the property development industry now enters a silver age. Demand from upgraders will also be huge in core cities in the future.
Against the periodic fluctuation of the property market, year-on-year decrease in the turnover and floor areas sold in the property market, and intensified concentration of the market share of real estate enterprises in 2014, the Group adhered to the development principle of quality growth according to the market demand, keep enhancing its management, enhancing its brand influence, increasing its land reserves appropriately and reinforcing its financial structure while maintaining rapid and sound development. Therefore, the Group had been listed as one of the Top 100 Real Estate Enterprises for 9 
consecutive years and firmly maintained its position as the market leader with the largest market share in Xiamen and as one of Hefei s top five real estate developers in 2014.
The Group has maintained a relatively high gross profit margin of 36.3%, five to ten percentage points higher than the average level of the industry. Such achievements are 
During the period, the Group, actively coping with market changes, has carried out a series of development strategies as follows: SEEKING FOR HIGH-QUALITY GROWTH OF PROPERTY PROJECTS ON THE BASIS OF HIGH TURNOVER The Group have been focusing on profitability strategies, but not aggressive expansion, which is the key to the Group s success. Although the period of high growth has gone in the industry, we kept striving for more and continued to maintain the Group s competitiveness.
Steady development, instead of rapid expansion, is what Yuzhou emphasizes. Benefiting from the development of Fujian Free Trade Zone and policies thereof, Yuzhou is predicted to benefit from land appreciated in value and enjoy the opportunities brought by better cooperation with Taiwan in such sectors as goods shipping, financial service, trading service and cultural industry in the future.
The Group held quality lands with a total area of 4.25 
million sq.m. land reserve in Fujian Province and sales in Xiamen accounted for 51.5% of that of the Group in 2014. Moreover, Hefei, the second most important city with regard to development of the Group, has realized rapid development and is predicted to benefit from development of Yangtze Economic Zone. The central government plans to promote the development of Yangtze Economic Belt and lay a new foundation for China s economic development, exploiting the great potential for domestic demand in the vast hinterland in up-and- midstream of the river and thus expanding the area of economic growth into inland area along the river. The Group held quality land reserves with a total area of 2.60 million sq.m. in Hefei. The contribution of sales in Hefei in 2014 to the whole Group has climbed to 29.3%. Entering cities with healthy demand such as Xiamen, Hefei, Nanjing and Shanghai helps manage and control financial and operational risk, maximise profit and achieve the goals of reducing risks and lowering financing cost. On the other hand, the key to profit maximization of Yuzhou lied in lowering land cost and reducing financial expenses.
With regard to lowering land cost, the Group acquired quality lands at low prices at public auctions and acquired lands by buying out small developers during land market depression or credit crunch. With regard to reducing financial expenses, the Group successfully captured the opportunities to carry out financing activities such as bond issue, which lower the total financing cost. Consequently, during the period the Group managed to maintain a gross profit margin of 36.3% that s rather high in the industry while keeping a healthy net gearing ratio of 60.0%.

CONTINUING INVENTORY REDUCTION As homogenization of real estate products intensifies, the property development industry has entered an era of excessive inventory and tier 3 and 4 cities encountered net outflow of population and capital; and previous large-scale property development has led to high inventory, resulting in increasingly severe competition for inventory reduction in the market in recent years. Fortunately, the Group has focused on tier 1 and 2 cities with healthier inventory level. Still, destocking remains to be key strategic direction of the Group and regarded as the most significant issue to enhance sales, accelerate development turnover and promote inventory sales. In terms of product positioning, the Company has conducted market research on features of different cities, regions and zones, and has performed analysis of target customer groups and existing elaborate product system of the Company, to ensure that new products would better meet consumption demand of local markets. In addition, the Company introduced newly-developed products to regions experiencing serious homogenization, realising differentiated operation and emphasising its advantages in product innovation. During the period, the Group has utilized information technology covering all management procedures of material supply departments including planning, purchasing, stocking and consuming. The Group 
will be supported by remote management, and then achieve standardization project development, effectively reduce the inventory to build the security service platform from strategy to control, then to execution. Core competitiveness of the Company was thus enhanced.
In 2014, the Group s projects under development covered an area of nearly 4.22 million sq.m. increased by 22.3%, compared to 3.45 million sq.m. in 2013; while total area of completed projects reached 5.15 million sq.m., a year on year increase of 29.8%. The average sale through rate of contracted sales reached at 63% in 2014. Continuing inventory reduction will remain the strategic focus in 2015.
IMPROVING CUSTOMER SERVICE AND 
The Group adhered to the Customer-Oriented ( 0N[p 
0) service philosophy and strived to provide safe and comfortable living conditions or highly efficient business environment to all residents and commercial tenants. The Group extended its quality service to the post-delivery period, covering comprehensive after-sales service.
Property management company of the Group continued to innovate to provide quality customer service and improve service standard. In 2014, property management company has recorded management fees up to RMB88.25 million, a year on year increase of 23.9%. By the end of 2014, total floor area of properties managed by Yuzhou has reached 4.02 million sq.m., and it has provided thoughtful service for 
DIVERSIFIED BUSINESSES DIVERGE 
Listed on the Stock Exchange 5 years ago, the proportion of the Group s self-owned properties such as commercial properties, hotels and office buildings has continued to rise. The Group believes that a diversified commercial property portfolio, including hotels, shopping malls and office buildings, may diverge operational risks and ensure stable. At the same time, benefited from the synergy effect from hotel and commercial property development of our projects, the values of property projects themselves also improved. During the period, JLL, a world-renowned assessment institution, has conducted valuation of the investment properties self-owned by the Group and concluded that the fair value of the properties reached RMB5,960.49 million, among which the valuation of the completed properties was RMB4,958.70 million while that of the properties under development was RMB1,001.79 million. The gross rental income reached RMB51.54 million, representing a year on year increase of 4.84%.
In the future, the Group will continue to nurture commercial real estate talents, prudently and steadily conduct the businesses in this aspect and gradually increase its investment property portfolio in next few years. The Group targets to hold self-owned commercial properties located at core locations in tier 1 and 2 cities. It is expected that the net profit from investment properties will gradually increase to 10% of the core profit of the 
PROPER ACQUISITION OF NEW LAND LOTS TO CATER FOR FUTURE 
The Group adhered to its strategic guideline of Based in West Strait and Expand Nationwide Coverage in China 0zwm 9j-N W 0 in replenishing strategically its land reserves by taking into account comprehensively various factors i.e. land market environment, property market development trend and its own financial conditions. Adhering to the principle of Cultivate Every City We Enter , we focused on the West Strait Economic Zone, the Yangtze River Delta Region and the Bohai Rim Region, in particular, the core cities. Meanwhile, we will exploit in peripheral cities with economic potential and net inflows of population, so that a regional strong scale can be formed, our executive competence strengthened and development risks reduced within the peripheral area. Our selection of projects is based on three assessment indicators: profit margin, sell-through rate and execution. Profit margin guarantees corporate sustainable development; sell-through rate guarantees corporate safe cash flow and development speed; execution guarantees corporate governance level and stable operation. In addition, we also focused on 5 dimensions including maintaining low land cost, emphasizing strategic positioning, keeping the most appropriate scale, determining the best opportunity and ensuring rapid asset 
During the period, the Group added about 1 million sq.m.
in total to its land reserves in Quanzhou, Fuzhou, Hefei, Hong Kong and Nanjing at an average land premium price of RMB2,232sq.m., accumulating resources for its future development. At present, the Group has in total 48 projects in different development phases in Xiamen, Hefei, Shanghai, Fuzhou, Nanjing, Quanzhou, Longyan, Bengbu, Tianjin, Zhangzhou and Hong Kong, with land reserve of 8.70 million sq.m. The quality land resources and relatively low land costs will continue to support Yuzhou Properties performance in the nation s major markets in the next few years. Currently, the Group s landbank is able to satisfy the development needs for the next 3 to 5 years. The Group will still increase its land reserves appropriately at low costs according to its 
STRENGTHENING COOPERATION WITH INVESTMENT FUNDS AND REAL ESTATE 
In recent years, Yuzhou Properties has created a land purchase model by collaborating with investment funds and real estate enterprises. For example, the project of Xiamen Haicang Dream Town with Vanke contributed the contracted sales amount of RMB1.42 billion in 2014.
While in cooperation with investment funds enterprises, we have project equity interests cooperation with PING AN and CITIC-CP Asset Management Company. The model of equity interests cooperation, bonds cooperation or incorporation not only enhanced the financial flexibility 
of land acquisition and reduced the investment risks at the preliminary stage of development, but also substantially shortened the input-output cycle, relieved the capital liquidity stress on the premise of keeping the reasonable expansion speed, and accelerated the realization of size 
STABLE OPERATION WITH SUSTAINABLE 
While Yuzhou Properties was adhering to its stable operating strategy, it optimized capital structure to reduce funding costs with its overall finance costs decreased to 8.49% by the end of 2014 from 8.69% in the end of 2013. The Company now pursues quality development instead of scale expansion without any purpose, controlling its debt ratio at a reasonable level. The net gearing ratio decreased by 18.1 percentage points to 59.9% at the end of 2014 from 78.0% at the end of 2013.
To achieve sustainable development, the Group actively engage in various financing channels to further optimize its financial structure to maintain a steady and sufficient cash flow. Whilst improving our own financial position continuously, we always maintain our awareness and sensitivity on overseas capital market and firmly capture the best financing channel. Our bonds are popular among 
The successful implementation of financing in 2014, that is on one hand, improved the Company s debt structure.
The Company s cash balance of RMB9,784.74 million is sufficient to cover its debts which are due within one year of RMB3,805.45 million. As at the end of 2014, the Group s short-term debts is accounted for 24.7% of total interest bearing debt. The rate of short-term debt coverage by cash reached 2.57 times. Domestic RMB debts accounted for 40.6% of total interest bearing debt and the rest were overseas US$ debts and HK$ debts.
On the other hand, the lower coupon interest rate will reduce the future finance expenses and is beneficial to control finance costs, striving for better profitability for the Group. The Group has stuck to its financial principles and prudent expansion strategy as it has not borrowed any trust loans since 2013.
COMPLYING WITH A HIGH STANDARD OF 
The Group is always committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance. Under the full support of our outstanding management team, an efficient board of directors has been established with an internal control system soundly implemented. The board of directors has all along directed and monitored effectively the business strategies operated by the Group. The board of directors has established the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee in assisting the performance of its duties. The Group s internal control system is sound and effective to safeguard the 
assets of the Group and protect shareholders interests.
Under the assistance of the Audit Committee, the management team, internal and external auditors, the Company reviews regularly the internal control system of the Group. The Group will continue to maintain a high level of transparency and via different channels including press releases, website of the Group, financial reports, site visits, roadshows and investor conferences, press briefings, official WeChat and official microblog, to release the latest updates and information of the Group.
ACTIVELY COMMITTED TO SOCIAL 
By pursuing its mission of Serve the community and reward the community gR>yg, V1X>yg , the Group has been actively committed to its social responsibility.
Alongside the Company s development, we always keep this in our mind and the Group actively participated in public welfare activities and was involved in education, environmental protection, culture and other charity 
In the past 20 years, the Group raised donations amounting to RMB100 million, and has been honoured with The Great Wall of China Advertising Awards 2009 The Best Charity ( 02009-N WJT;NwWNs gq_lQ vNs 0), The Social Value Model of China s Real Estate Listed Companies in 2011 ( 02011-N W?b0W"u 
>ygP<PxQ{ 0), 2012 China Charity Group Award ( 02012-N WlQvNs Ns 0), 2013 China s Top 50 Responsible Real Estate Enterprises ( 02013-N WN0W "uTOP50 0) successively.

PROTECTION AND ENCOURAGING STAFF TO LIVE A LOW CARBON LIFE Environmental protection is a key factor in the Group s corporate sustainable development. Therefore, it promotes environmental protection and encourages its staff to live a low-carbon life. The residential projects of Yuzhou have rich greenish facilities and landscape gardens which constitute an ecological residential community, enabling proprietors to experience Yuzhou Properties efforts in environmental protection. Making much efforts in the past few years, we have made inspiring achievement in sustainable development.
We aware that the philosophy of sustainable development should go beyond our own projects and reach out to the general public. Therefore, we took the initiative to share our experience with the industry and the general public and sponsored a variety of activities and campaigns for environmental protection, aiming to increase environmental awareness among the public and drive 
FUTURE DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPECT The Report on the Work of the Government 2015 points out that the main targets that China has set out for economic development in 2015 are: to maintain the GDP growth at around 7%, keep the CPI at around 3%, create over ten million jobs in urban areas, ensure that the registered urban unemployment rate 4.5%, and ensure that personal incomes in pace with economic 
development. The central government will improve urban planning, formulate and implement plans for building city clusters, and develop integrated infrastructure and basic public services within clusters gradually. The central government will also make efforts to urban revitalisation and renovate dilapidated urban and rural housing, give targeted guidance, implement policies according to local conditions, support people s demand for housing for personal use and second homes, and promote the stable and sound development of the property market.
In addition, the central government will integrate the development of the Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road with the development and opening up of related regions, promote development of the new Eurasian Continental Bridge as well as major coastal and border ports which serve as hubs for the Belt and the Road. The central government will step up coordinated development for the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and ensure that the region has breakthroughs in areas such as integrated transportation, ecological conservation, environmental protection, and industry upgrading and relocation. The central government will facilitate the development of the Yangtze Economic Belt, working step by step to launch major projects including upgrading the area s major waterways and building docks and quays along the Yangtze River to create an integrated, multidimensional transport corridor. Industrial relocation demonstration zones will be built along the belt to guide the orderly relocation of industries from the east to the west. We believe that these policies and measures will sustain the development of the property market in the 
long run. Based in cities along the Yangtze Economic Belt and within the Fujian Free Trade Zone, we believe there are more development opportunities unfold.
In the future, consolidation of the property market will continue and push industrial integration to a higher level and a wider divergence of development among different regions. Therefore, real estate companies adopt a diversified development approach and seek strategic transformation by adopting the Internet Thinking .
By combining the macro-economic and market outlook in 2015, with the analysis conducted by the Group s management of the trend of the property industry, the Group will continue to implement its unswervingly grand strategy of Based in West Strait and Expand Nationwide Coverage in China zwm 9j-N W in the upcoming 5 to 10 years. Based in West Strait implies that we need to cultivate and root in the West Strait Economic Zone market. All cities that we entered should take into account the sell-through rate, profit margin and execution , and form the synergy effect through radiating among city agglomeration. Expand Nationwide Coverage in China means the need to realize our middle to long term strategic layout. The Group will maintain moderate scale expansion, consolidate current nationwide regional 
layout, and form the synergetic development layout of focusing on the West Strait Economic Zone, and taking tier 1 and 2 core cities in the Yangtze River Delta Region and the Bohai Rim Region with great development potentials as regional centers, and, on top of that, attempt to extend our operations to cities overseas, like Hong Kong, to realize a prudent strategic expansion from the core cities to the regions and the whole country.
As the current land reserve will be able to meet the needs for next 3 to 5 years, the Group will not acquire any land without any purpose. Apart from acquiring land parcel through public auction, we will also increase our land reserve through acquisitions of equity interests of companies. We will strictly follow the investment disciplines and pay greater attention on execution, sell- through rate and profit margin. It is envisaged that the West Strait Economic Zone, with Xiamen as its center, will remain the key region for our future development with the proportion in land reserves of no less than 50%. For areas outside the West Strait Economic Zone that we have already had a foothold, we will also allocate resources appropriately to increase land reserve at reasonable prices. We will also target at the West Strait Economic Zone, Yangtze River Delta Region and the Bohai Rim Region, continue to raise the level of our land reserve in 
Shanghai, Xiamen and Hefei, tap into Nanjing market, cultivate Xiamen, Hefei, Shanghai, Fuzhou and Nanjing with the goal to grow our business in these five 5 billion worth of core cities and exploit in peripheral cities that hold economic potential and population inflow, so that a regional strong scale can be formed and excessive 
In terms of products, the Group will conduct researches on regions, customers and products and will continue to actively develop mid-end products to meet the rigid demand for the first time home buyers and middle- and high-income groups strive for better housing. With reasonable price and high quality, Yuzhou s residential properties would be the first choice for first time home buyer young couples who want to settle in a city and purchase a house satisfying basic living requirements.
We believe they will choose Yuzhou again when they are capable of purchasing a better house to pursue better eduction and living conditions for their child and parents.
Furthermore, for people who want to rent a house, Yuzhou s properties would be the first choice as they provide pleasing types, with fully-equipped facilities and with excellent property service, which is exactly what we are striving for. Such features demonstrate Yuzhou s social responsibility as well as its mission and will help Yuzhou with its residential products develop into a famous 
The Group will continue to balance the weight of income from property sales and investment property, focusing on property sales and selectively holding investment properties including mall, hotels and office building 
situated at prime locations in tier 1 and 2 cities. Rental income will continuously bring cash flow, enabling the Group to seize suitable business development opportunities while keeping a reasonable net gearing ratio.
In 2015, the Group will set its headquarter of commercial property in Shanghai so as to be sufficiently engaged to the large resource platform in Shanghai and to build a strong team and operation pattern of Yuzhou s commercial property segment. The Group will also get involved in product positioning and project design earlier, improve the soft power of our commercial properties on the basis of ensuring the project quality, and inventively build the commercial projects in Shanghai and Hefei.
As time changes, residential product is now not only serves for housing purposes which we re familiar. The completion and delivery of every project are parts of building a dynamic community. Residence, the core of a residential district, together with auxiliary commercial 
properties, schools, hotels and even Wi-Fi connection in public space, etc& . makes up a well-functioned community. That is why the Company seeks to build community instead of simple concrete houses. People of different ages have various needs for housing, therefore Yuzhou offers a good option to them. Focusing on the target market, we should identify our target customers before starting project design. Besides, we must have the ability to manage commercial properties, provide high quality property management service, upgrade our products by keeping up with changes, so as to construct satisfying residential districts. With the development of the industry and the continued market adjustment, the Company will transform from single-oriented to multi- oriented business in response to the circumstances. We 
will take advantage of our existing resources to maintain a leading position in the property development sector, as well as shoulder the functions as an operator and service provider, and go from off-line to on-line and build an on- line platform for community service, seeking new business growth and breakthroughs in property management, community service, and other relevant perspectives.
On the other hand, we will continue to innovate and actively probe into different types of products, such as endowment real estate and commercial complexes, to build diversified, industry-leading products. In general, the Group is on its way to diversified group, professional real 
While ensuring growth, Yuzhou Properties will also actively maintain an efficient two-way communication with various institutes in international capital market to establish long- term and stable relationships. This will facilitate the Group in expanding its financing channels as well as reducing financing costs, optimizing financial structure, accelerating cash collection, improving the financial risk monitoring system and increasing efforts to ensure fund security.
The Group will continue to make breakthroughs in resources integration, engage itself in diversified methods of cooperation in terms of introduction of funds or cooperation with peer companies, and develop projects with open mind and flexibility. In addition, the Group will enhance its cooperation with financial institutions and other strategic partners in every link of business, and seek the opportunities of acquisition and merger in the industry, thus achieving the goal of quality growth . Moreover, we will always abide by the strict financial systems and guidelines, control the Group s gearing ratio and maintain cash flow at a reasonable level. We believe that such operational strategies would enable the Group to maintain our competitiveness and lower risks in the changing market environment, which in turn would ensure the Group s sustainable development.

On the other hand, the Group will consistently include the philosophy of Sustainable Development in our core values and merge it into our business operations. We will introduce environment-friendly design and healthy lifestyle in our projects and uphold local humanity spirit to create a living space of happiness for our customers. Starting from 2015, our annual report will include sections disclosing our performances in Environment Social and Governance (ESG) for our sustainable development, in order to sufficiently communicate about our policies and efforts in ESG to all stakeholders, including customers, employees, investors and the press. By doing so we hope that the operational performance of the Group will meet social requirements and that we will live up to the expectation from the public of sustainable development.

2014 was the 20th anniversary since the establishment and the fifth anniversary since the listing of the Group.
During the past two decades, the Group had experienced challenges and opportunities and developed in a steady and rapid manner, with the support of all circles and every staff, the Group had achieved its current success and goals. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude to all shareholders, investors, partners and customers for their trust and support. We will continue to draw on better corporate governance and management structure as well as the prudent financial strategies and adhere to our spirit of Building Cities with Heart, Building Homes with Love and dedicate to maximize the value for our shareholders and investors in creating the best returns.
Lam Lung On 
Hong Kong, 25 March 2015 