Chairman s Statement 
I hereby present to our shareholders the annual results of Yuzhou Properties Company Limited ( Yuzhou Properties or the Company ) and its subsidiaries ( the Group ) for the financial year ended 31 December 
Earnings for the year For the year ended 31 December 2009, turnover and gross profit of the Group amounted to approximately RMB1,991.80 million and RMB988.13 million, respectively, representing an increase of 13% and 32% respectively as compared with the previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders and core net profit attributable to shareholders were approximately RMB1,101.04 million and RMB401.39 million, representing a significant increase of 277% and 90% respectively as compared with the previous year. Basic earnings per share and core earnings per share were approximately RMB58 cents and RMB21 cents, respectively. Core net profit margin increased to over 20%.

To requite the continuous support and trust from shareholders, and taking into account the needs for the Group s future development, the Board of Yuzhou Properties Company Limited has resolved to declare a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2009 of HK7.5 cents per share, representing a payout ratio of approximately 40% of core net profit, which is higher than the 30% target payout ratio as mentioned in the 
Since 2009, with the stimulation brought forth by the implementation of the economic stimulus package by the central government, the property market had seen the reversal of the market adjustment followed by the gradual heating up of the market. With the market being awash with liquidity, property investment, price and transaction volume increased remarkably. Under the State policies, the market demand was spurred, with the property price and transaction volume started picking up since the second quarter.
The Group adjusted its marketing strategies timely in response to the changes in the market. With the synergy of favorable policies and increased market demand, the sale of the Group s properties achieved satisfactory results during the year. For instance, the sale of Yuzhou Yuanbo City (y2m" WZSx[) was strong and ranked top in Xiamen in terms of the monthly property transactions; the market response for Yuzhou Coastline (y2m" wm) (previously named as Yuzhou Golden Seacoast Phase II) was overwhelming, while Yuzhou Jinqiao International (y2m" Kj W) was also well-received. The Group is the leading property developer in Xiamen in 2009 with a market share of approximately 9.1%. In addition, during the year, gross floor area ( GFA ) 
contractually sold was approximately 490,000 sq.m. with corresponding contracted sales amount of approximately RMB3.9 billion, of which an estimated 90% of the contracted GFA sold is expected to be recognized 
For the commercial properties, the commercial portion of Yuzhou World Trade Center (y2m" NFUW) Phase II, which is under the management of Yuzhou Commercial Investment & Management Co., Ltd. of the Group, commenced operation successfully in early 2009, and Yuzhou Haicang World Trade Plaza (wmny2m" Nu;m4X) commenced operation in November 2009. This lifted the investment properties portfolio of the Group more than double from approximately 30,000 sq.m. in the previous year to approximately 80,000 sq.m. in this year. Based on the current progress of development, we expect that our completed GFA of investment properties will increase to over 400,000 sq.m in the coming years which will significantly widen the earning basis of the Group.

As a leading real estate developer based in the West Strait Economic Zone, the Group successfully completed the listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange during the year. This provides the Company with funding support for the future acquisition of prime land resources. We place emphasis on accumulating prime land reserves in certain major cities in the West Strait Economic Zone. We are continuing to increase our land reserves in Xiamen, as the focus of our business, in order to maintain our leading position in the region. Meanwhile, we are also targeting at our neighbouring cities such as Quanzhou where we aim to source land with high appreciation potential so as to further strengthen our competitiveness in the West Strait Economic Zone.
High quality land reserves were acquired by us at low cost through various means after our listing on 2 November 2009. In December 2009, the Company acquired a parcel of land in Jimei District through public land auction. Located along Xiamen s western coastline with marvelous sea view, the land has a site area of more than 120,000 sq.m., an aggregate GFA of approximately 540,000 sq.m. and a land cost of approximately RMB2,500 per sq.m.. In November 2009, the Company acquired through project acquisition a parcel of land in Haicang District, the Yuzhou Hai Cang site, which is located near the famous Orient (Xiamen) Golf course (qge>r+Yt4X), with a site area of 56,000 sq.m., an aggregate GFA of approximately 90,000 sq.m and a land cost of approximately RMB1,500 per sq.m.. In addition, in November 2009, the Company acquired through equity acquisition a parcel of land in Kangqiao District, which is located in the Shanghai Disneyland Economic Zone, with a site area, an aggregate GFA of and a land cost of approximately 13,000 sq.m., 50,000 sq.m. and RMB3,600 per sq.m., respectively. The above-mentioned quality new land reserves had an average land cost of approximately RMB2,500 per sq.m., which is substantially below the current market level, and are expected to contribute to the Group s earnings notably in the future.

As at 31 December 2009, the aggregate GFA of the Company s land reserves was approximately 3.90 million sq.m., with average land cost at a low level of only approximately RMB1,600 per sq.m, of which the GFA of completed and unsold properties amounting to approximately 110,000 sq.m., the GFA of projects under development amounting to approximately 1.54 million sq.m and the GFA of projects held for future development amounting to approximately 2.25 million sq.m.

Property management has always been the focus of our business and serves as the basis of our after-sale services and brand enhancement.
Huaqiao City Property Management Co., Ltd. (PWirmi{tlQS), a subsidiary of the Group, is committed to providing residents with safe, comfortable, convenient and high quality property management services, and will continue to heed and respond to demands and suggestions for improvement. We are continuing to improve our standard of services and we strive to provide property management services at a professional level.

During the year, the Company raised its profile among investors and met various institutional investors after its successful listing in Hong Kong.
Current development and future plans of the Company were explained to investors. We successfully won recognition from investors and such interactions have also greatly helped us to enhance and improve our business development and management capability.

One of our corporate mission is Serve the community and requite the community ( gR>yg V1X>yg). Alongside the Company s development, we always keep this in our mind. Yuzhou Properties is committed to its social responsibilities of being a good corporate citizen.
We have actively participated in various charity programmes, such as Project Hope, and other charitable activities such as those concerning cultural education, relief activities, environmental protection, medical healthcare and urban transportation.

Regarding future development in the property market in China, although the market may face consolidation in the short term, the chance of a plunge in property price is slim as the investment in property market is expected to keep growing at a fast pace in the year of 2010 due to improving sentiment in macro-economic environment, increasing income of residents, ample liquidity and changes to consumption pattern.

We will continue to focus on our corporate spirit of Operating faithfully with sustaining development (O}q 8l|vU), based on which we will conduct business with faith in enhancing our resources and brands.
We will continue to strengthen the Xiamen headquarter to be our major focus with sub-centres in other cities in the West Strait Economic Zone such as Fuzhou and Quanzhou. We also aim at developing our secondary quarter in Shanghai, with sub-branches in Yangtze River Delta Area such as Anhui and Jiangsu, as well as to explore the real estate market in other first and second-tier cities, gradually implementing a nationwide development strategy. Continuous market investigations, comprehensive analysis and evaluation will be carried out based on the Group s development needs to identify suitable projects with good prospects. We will grasp opportunities during any consolidation in the market to replenish our land reserves through acquisition or public auction. In 2010, we aim to expand into 2-3 new cities while at the same time continuing to increase our land reserves in Xiamen. Our target is to increase the GFA of our land reserves by not less than 3 million sq.m. in 2010 and to reach an aggregate land reserves with GFA of not less than 10 million sq.m. by the end of 2012.
With the continued expansion in our business, our targeted GFA started and completed in 2010 are approximately 1.1 million sq.m. and 760,000 sq.m., respectively. In 2010, 8 projects are expected to be completed and delivered, with a GFA recognized of approximately 580,000 sq.m. (of which GFA of approximately 448,000 sq.m. has been locked in through pre-sale in 2009). Our targeted GFA sold in 2010 is not less than 560,000 sq.m, with a corresponding sales amount of not less than RMB6 billion, representing targeted increases of approximately 14% and 56% from 
The Company has shown strong mission in its corporate responsibility after its successful listing and has formulated a comprehensive development blueprint, ensuring the shareholders and investors of the Company to be rewarded as the Company s business continues to grow in the future. While increasing our land reserves remains as a major focus, the Company will continue to strengthen its management, improve its efficiency and keep proper control over its costs.

In 2009, Yuzhou has entered into its 15th year of development. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude for the continuous support from our shareholders and efforts and contributions made by our staff, which are essential to Yuzhou s future development.

Lam Lung On Hong Kong, 30 March 2010 