Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”) of Yuzhou Properties Company Limited (“Yuzhou
Properties” or the “Company”), I am pleased to present the annual results of the Company and
its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended December 31, 2016 (the “Period under Review”
or the “Year”). During the Period under Review, profit for the year rose by 25.19% year-on-year to
approximately RMB2,088.49 million in 2016. Core profit attributable to owners of parent increased
by 26.37% year-on-year to RMB2,047.13 million. Core earnings per share was RMB54 cents,
representing a year-on-year increase of 21.80%. The Board proposed a final dividend of HK22 cents
per share, and the payout ratio was 36.24%.
In 2016, the global environment was complicated and volatile, while the world economy was full
of challenges. China was under a stage of accelerating structural adjustment during which the real
estate industry experienced policies control, adjusting from loose to ongoing tightening policies in
popular cities: the National People’s Congress and the National Committee of the Chinese People’s
Political Consultative Conference proposed city-specific measures for destocking. As the land
premiums in popular cities rose rapidly, the divergence of policies was further demonstrated: on
one hand, the control policies against popular cities were kept tightening to curb investment and
speculative demands and prevent market risks; on the other hand, destocking strategy was still
implemented in third- and fourth-tier cities to improve the market environment from both supply and
demand sides. Meanwhile, the central government continued to achieve breakthrough and progress
in strengthening construction of long-term effective real estate mechanism, regional integration
and new urbanization and so on in a bid to actively create a good environment for the long-term
development of the industry.
2016 was a year of “transformation” for Yuzhou. In the face of changing market environment, we
responded promptly and actively while fully leveraging our competitive edge to capture market
opportunities, explore diversified ways of land acquisition, realize stable expansion and continue to
maintain our profit level that led the industry. The quality growth of the Group’s results was due to
our accurate and prospective layout. In 2016, we proposed the strategic development goal of “Based
in the Yangtze River Delta, Lead the West Strait Economic Zone, and Expand Nationwide Coverage
in China (立足長三角,引領海西區,建樹全中國)” pursuant to which we relocated our headquarter
to Shanghai and adhered to intensive development in core first-tier and second-tier cities, having
commenced a nationwide strategic layout centered in Shanghai, Hefei, Nanjing, Hangzhou, Suzhou,
Xiamen, Fuzhou and Tianjin and achieving significant transformation. This year, we extended our
reach to Hangzhou and Wuhan market for the first time through merger and acquisition, and acquired
premium land parcels in Suzhou and Tianjin with very attractive prices through auction at the end of
year. As of December 31, 2016, the Group’s land bank amounted to 9.54 million sq.m.. The Group’s
land acquisition strategy has been based on in-depth research and careful investigation of the market
where the relevant land parcels are located, early investment in land parcels with high potential, and
acquiring premium land resources at relatively low land costs, thereby continuously supporting the
Group’s stable development in major domestic markets in the next few years.
For residential development, the Group currently holds 68 development projects in 14 cities in the
PRC such as Shanghai, Xiamen, Nanjing and Hefei. During the period under review, the contracted
sales of the Group and its affiliated companies and joint ventures amounted to RMB23,206 million,
representing an increase of 66% year-on-year, exceeding our upward adjusted contracted sales
target of RMB22,000 million in 2016. The contracted sales area for the year rose by 30% year-onyear
to 1,828,857 sq.m.. The contracted average selling price increased by 27% year-on-year to
approximately RMB12,689/sq.m.. In addition, accumulated sales of properties subscribed for but not
contracted was approximately RMB1,269 million.
2016 was also the most remarkable year in the history of development in the commercial segment of
Yuzhou Properties. The Group leveraged its own advantages in residential real estate development
to skillfully combine its commercial and residential segment, achieving the dual-drivers of “residential
development complemented by commercial development”. During the period under review, Xiamen
Yuzhou Plaza and Shanghai Yuzhou Plaza continued to record impressive operating performance.
In particular, Xiamen Yuzhou Plaza Project have been leading the office market in Xiamen with its
occupancy rate and rental unit price and attracting quality tenants, such as Global 500 enterprises
including China National Petroleum, Industrial & Commercial Bank of China, Coca-Cola, Minsheng
Bank and Ping An Group.
For retail and commercial development and operation, in July, the first complex of shopping mall
developed by the Group in Shanghai covering a GFA of over 140,000 sq.m. has introduced 82
brands, with customer traffic exceeding 100,000 at the date of opening. This project has become a
landmark commercial building in Huinan district of Shanghai and enhanced the brand awareness of
Yuzhou Commercial. Yuzhou World Trade Center, a landmark building in Xiamen and the most welldeveloped
modern mega mall in Xiamen, has fully completed tenant mix adjustment at the end of
2016, and has introduced several industry famous brands such as China Film Digital Cinema, King
of the Children and H&M, realized full occupancy rate basically. We also brought customer traffic to
offline physical mall through strategic cooperation with Alipay and ffan.com APP, and cooperated
with various industries such as Didi Dache and Riyuegu Hotsprings Resort to enrich activities in
shopping mall, with daily average customer traffic reaching 60,000.
The property management service of the Group received outstanding results in the customer
satisfaction surveys for several years in a row, reflecting our unabating enhancement in products and
services received unanimous affirmation and recognition in the market. We also hope to gradually
convert customers’ satisfaction of products into their loyalty to the “Yuzhou” brand through our own
efforts.
For hotel operation, the Group focused on the development of serviced apartments as well as
medium to high-end business hotels to establish premium hotel brands, and properly develop resort
hotels to strengthen the core competitiveness of the brands. During the period, Yuzhou Camelon
Hotel Apartment recorded an occupancy rate of 79%, with revenue rose by 25.85% year-on-year.
The preparation and opening of various hotel projects under construction were implemented orderly
as scheduled.
2016 was an important year for the Group’s strategic upgrade, relocation of headquarters in
Shanghai, and total replacement and upgrade of our human resources management system.
In 2016, the Group upgraded the Yuzhou Seeds Management Trainee Project. The targets of
recruitment mainly included outstanding graduates from national key universities and overseas
outstanding universities, who will be trained as core reserved talents of Yuzhou’s management in the
future. The Group also successively introduced a batch of quality middle and senior management
personnel from domestic first-tier real estate developers and established a core middle-to-senior
management reserve mechanism. The dual support through building a supply chain of internal talents
and recruiting external outstanding talents enabled Yuzhou to establish a core elite organization.
Continuous optimization of capital structure was also a strong support for the steady growth of the
Company. As at December 31, 2016, the weighted average borrowing cost of the Group was 6.08%,
representing a decrease of 92 basis points as compared to the corresponding period of last year.
The amount of available cash was approximately RMB17,418 million, we had abundant operating
capital and were recognized and supported by rating agencies and major financial institutions for our
sound financial condition. The Group continued to explore all kinds of financing channels to construct
multi-level and diversified financial system, keeping at all time a keen sense of the financing window
of the capital market.
With our ample accumulation of industry experience and outstanding quality, Yuzhou brings not
simply buildings to the city, but also rebuilds the living concept and innovates in city development.
2016 was the first year of “Creativity/Value” of Yuzhou. On the basis of its “Boutique Building 3.5”,
the Group strengthened the elements of culture and creativity in the design of its projects, as
evidenced by the Shanghai Fengxian Project with design of cultural architecture which features the
core contents of books, culture and child education; the community complex for the Hefei Yaohai
Project with planning and design which reflected neighborhood relationship of the district; while
the Hangzhou Project with the design of its sales office which reflected the cultural connotation of
traditional gardens and extended the cultural implication of historical heritage for the place of origin
of the project. Projects like these have fully satisfied demands for functionality and culture of relevant
customers, and created a benchmark for new lifestyle for the local communities.
We pursue for excellence and enhance product quality continuously. Yuzhou Cloud Top International
(禹洲t雲頂國際), Yuzhou Riverside City Town (禹洲t溪堤尚城) and Yuzhou Plaza (禹洲廣場) have
all been awarded the “Guangsha Award (廣廈獎)”. By the end of 2016, our project located at No. 48
Caine Road in Hong Kong won the highest Provisional Platinum rating under BEAM PLUS, implying
that the project will become an exemplary model for green building in Hong Kong in various aspects,
such as improving environmental quality and energy efficiency.
We have always emphasized corporate social responsibilities and upheld the concept of “From the
Community, For the Community”. We encourage the Group and its subsidiaries to actively participate
in public welfare activities and contribute in areas such as education, culture, environmental
protection, disaster relief and poverty alleviation. In addition, the Group secured steady improvement
in project progress, quality and development, and at the same time further strengthened
implementation of systems related to safe and civilized construction to promote safe and civilized
construction. It is our first time to use PC system prefabricated structures in the Shanghai Yuzhou
Dingxiangli Project, which has reduced waste in resources and pollution as the major enclosure
components of this project were produced in factory and the residential buildings were built on-site
through a more safe and reliable method.
The Group is fully confident in the long-term development of the real estate market in China, as we have
always been during past years. In 2017, the global environment is expected to remain complicated
and volatile with uncertain factors, which will bring pressure to operators to a certain extent. However,
we anticipate that first-tier and second-tier cities, such as several major core strategic cities planned
strategically by the Group, including cities where the Group established initial market presence in
2016 such as Hangzhou, Suzhou and Wuhan, will always maintain their economic growth at a speed
of top ranking in China, with active fundamentals that attract inflow of large population. In addition,
improvement in living standard of residents and the implementation of the two-child policy will also
stimulate the demand for upgraded housing.
We will accelerate the strategic plan of “Based in the Yangtze River Delta, Lead the West Strait
Economic Zone, and Expand Nationwide Coverage in China”, continue to develop around first-tier
and second-tier cities, focus on the core cities and select the right opportunities to replenish land
reserves or acquire quality projects, we will also actively expand our presence in the Pearl River Delta
and Hong Kong market, and seek opportunities actively for expansion into overseas markets on this
basis. We will adhere to our focus on customers and pursue upgrading in products and services
persistently to satisfy the demand of different customers. In 2017, we have confidence to achieve our
sales target of RMB30,000 million, as more quality projects to be launched in the Yangtze River Delta,
it is anticipated the Yangtze River Delta will bring more income and profit contributions. Meanwhile,
the Group will further enhance the development and operating efficiency of investment properties
to ensure sustainable and stable growth in rental income, so as to strengthen the competitive
advantages of twin-engine development of the Group. The stable and sound business model of
the Group, together with other strengths, such as sufficient capital funds and low gearing ratio, will
help the Group to sail through different economic cycles smoothly. The Group will also capture the
right timing to expand our business coverage and adjust our strategies in response to changes in
the market and trends to maintain our consistent performance of stable growth, high profit and high
dividend distribution levels.
In the past 22 years, the Group has experienced countless challenges and opportunities and
developed in a steady and rapid manner along the path of regional scale development. To achieve
the win-win performance with scale and profitability, it depends on the support of all circles and
every employee. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our heartfelt
gratitude to all shareholders, investors, partners and customers for their trust and support. We will
dedicate to unlock the future opportunities and maximize the value for our shareholders and investors
in creating the best returns.
Lam Lung On
Chairman
Hong Kong, March 21, 2017