Chairman s Statement 
Lam Lung On 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of Yuzhou Properties Company Limited ( Yuzhou Properties or the Company ), I am pleased to present the annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 
During the period under review, revenue of the Group was RMB10,375.50 million, representing a significant increase of 32.40% as compared to RMB7,836.63 million of the corresponding period of 2014, reaching a historic high. Gross profit was RMB3,709.32 million, representing an increase of 30.39% as compared to RMB2,844.77 million of the corresponding period of 2014, and gross profit margin was 35.75%, a high level in the industry. Profit attributable to owners of parent was RMB1,656.85 million, representing an increase of 32.08% as compared to RMB1,254.38 million of the corresponding period of 2014. Basic earnings per share were RMB45 cents, representing an increase of 25.00% as compared to the last year. Excluding the changes 
in the valuation of investment properties, core profit attributable to owners of parent was RMB1,619.95 million, representing an increase of 57.99% as compared to RMB1,025.34 million of the corresponding period of 2014. Basic core earnings per share was RMB44 cents, representing a year-on-year increase of 46.67%. The full year dividend was HK18 cents per share (2014: HK16 cents), an increase of 12.50% compared with last year, representing a payout ratio of approximately 35.54% of core net profit for year 2015.

Global economic growth slowed and international financial market s fluctuation increased in 2015, and emerging economies will likely face unprecedented volatility in 2016. Amid expectation for insufficient growth momentum and slowing expansion for global economy, Japan introduced negative interest rate and central banks across the world opted for policy easing. What s more, geopolitical risks further weighed on global division of work, lowering global economic growth and increasing global market fluctuations. China s economy maintained steady development against this economic new normal, but downside pressure stayed.
Although China s GDP only rose by 6.9% in 2015 and fell below 7% for the first time in 25 years, it was largely in line with the growth target. China s rising comprehensive strength and steady progress in reform and innovation should further stimulate market vitality and economy s organic momentum.
During the period under review, policies of the property sector continued to focus on stimulating consumption and destocking.
Frequent policy loosening was introduced in both supply-side and demand-side to drive steady rebound in sales volume and price, contributing to an obvious improvement in the sector s operating policy environment. From the demand-side, the central bank unveiled multiple rounds of cuts to interest rate and required reserve ratio (RRR), and other measures like lowering down- payment ratio for first and second housings, reducing taxation and lowering entry barriers etc. were rolled out to create a loose market environment. Meanwhile, local policy saw flexible adjustment with numerous stimulus introduced to spur consumption, such as tax expense cut and exemption, fiscal subsidies and cancellation of purchase restrictions. From the supply-side, China controlled scale of land supply and structural adjustment, and strengthened monetary compensation for indemnificatory housing, which improved market environment and laid foundation for a recovery in the housing market.

In 2015, China s investment in property development rose by 1.0% nominally year-on-year to RMB9.5979 trillion, in which the investment in residential housing rose by 0.4% to RMB6.4595 trillion, accounting for 67.3% of the investment in property development. The GFA of commodity housing sold rose by 6.5% year-on-year to 1.28 billion sq.m, with that of residential housing up by 6.9%. The sales value of commodity housing increased by 14.4% to RMB8.7281 trillion, with that of residential housing up by 16.6%. The gradual cancellation of China s household registration system and the full release of one-child policy should help partially offset the impact on China s economy and society from slowing down population growth.
According to the research report issued by China Index Academy, fertility intention will likely drive an about 15 to 20 million increase in urban population in the near-term, giving rise to incremental housing demand of 450 to 600 million sq.m in the coming five years based on per capita housing of 30 sq.m. Meanwhile, increasing upgrade demand for large houses and expanding marriageable population by 2030 should also boost overall housing demand.
With better supporting facilities, working opportunities, healthcare conditions, and educational resources, tier 1 and several popular tier 2 cities are seeing net population inflow, which leads to strong housing demand, clustering of wealthy population, rising sales volume and price for commodity housing and record low inventories. On the other hand, tier 3 and 4 cities suffer from net population outflow, weak fundamental and excessive housing supply, resulting in elevated inventory level and falling prices.
For regional macro-economy, we have seen the best performances of China in 2015 in the five strategic cities of the Group, i.e. Xiamen (a southeastern coastal city that is the economic center of Fujian province and the headquarter of the Group), Hefei (the second largest market for the Group that is the political and economic center of Anhui province), Nanjing (the provincial capital of Jiangsu province that the Group entered strategically in 2014) and Fuzhou and Shanghai (in which the Group established business over years ago and recorded strong performance since 2015).

Xiamen is the only sub-provincial city in Fujian and boasts leading municipal infrastructure in both China and the world, being the only city in China to be recognised as one of the 20 most beautiful cities in the first World Cities Day. Xiamen was ranked No.3 among cities in China in 2013, with a 2.05:1 ratio between permanent resident and registered resident for its attractiveness to population, following Dongguan and Shenzhen and making it a complete migrant city . On 22 February 2016, gov.cn released State Council s Approval for Xiamen s Overall Plan , which said that Xiamen should manage its permanent residents within 5 million and urban infrastructure area within 440 sq.km by 2020. Xiamen abandoned its housing purchase restrictions on 15 January 2015 and data from CRIC shows that Xiamen s commodity housing sold totaled 3.52 million sq.m in 2015, with 1.18 million sq.m or 34% of which being purchased by locals and 2.34 million sq.m (20,501 houses) or 66% of which being bought by non-locals.

Yuzhou Lucca Town has achieved a promising sales volume. In 2016, high- rise apartments, villas, parking spaces will be launched for sale. In the future, the project will benefit from the opening of Xiamen Metro Line and commencing operation of Xiang an new airport 
Hefei is a city located in the National Wanjiang City Belt, which is a demonstration zone for accommodating industrial transfers.
In October 2014, the State Council issued Guiding Opinions for Promoting Development of Yangtze River Economic Belt by Leveraging the Golden Waterway , which stated for the first time that Hefei would become a sub-center of the Yangtze River Delta city cluster, putting it on a par with Hangzhou and Nanjing. In addition, the much-anticipated One Belt, One Road policy took Hefei as one of the ten node cities with an aim to turning it into a stronghold of open economy in the hinterland, setting up coordination mechanisms in terms of railway transport and port customs clearance for the China-Europe corridor, cultivating the brand of China-Europe freight trains , and constructing a cross- border transport corridor connecting the eastern, central and western regions. Hefei has achieved a GDP of RMB566.03 billion in 2015, representing a nominal growth of 10.5%, with 3.6 and 1.8 percentage points higher than that of the whole country and Anhui province respectively. As a regional center city, Hefei enjoys increasing locational advantages and is attracting expanding population inflow. As of the end of 2015, Hefei s permanent residents reached 7.76 million, exceeding similar tier 2 cities like Nanchang, Changsha and Wuxi and approaching the level in Nanjing and Hangzhou, which should imply broad room for real estate development in the future. Amid the central government s call for destocking, the inventory of salable commodity housing kept hitting record lows in Hefei according to data from CRIC and inventory level stood at 2.6 months as of the end of 2015, marking the lowest level in five years.

In 2015, Yuzhou Properties ranked top three among other developers in Hefei market in terms of market share, with contracted sales amounting to RMB4,239.13 million. The picture shows Yuzhou Royal Seal 
Nanjing is the provincial capital of Jiangsu. It is also a sub- provincial city that is designated by the State Council as one of the first batch of China s historical & cultural cities and a key national city for scenic traveling. Located in coastal regions and the Yangtze River region, Nanjing is an important regional center in the Yangtze River Economic Zone and a crucial comprehensive transportation and communication hub city in China. It ranks No.5 among China s Top-50 cities by comprehensive strength and is one of the cities expected to enjoy the best development potential in the Asia- Pacific regions in the 21st century recognised by international experts. In Nanjing, both local and non-local demand for house purchasing is strong and housing price has long stayed resilient.
In 2015, housing price saw much faster increase than in 2014 as continued policy easing and the approval of Jiangbei New Area in July boosted Nanjing s property market and drove up both transaction volume and prices. Amid a market boom, investment demand also expanded obviously and contributed to uptrend in the Nanjing s property market.

As one of the largest cities, as well as the economic, financial, shipping and trade center in China, Shanghai is also home to China s first free trade zone, Shanghai Free-Trade Zone. The 18th CPC Central Committee proposed a strategy of driving growth via innovation and accelerating the development into a center of technological innovation with global influence. In 2015, Shanghai s GDP rose by 6.9% year-on-year to RMB2.50 trillion, implying a GDP per capita of RMB103,100 based on its permanent resident of 24.15 million, which includes 14.34 million registered permanent residents and 9.82 million non-registered permanent residents.
Despite strict control measures like house purchasing restrictions in Shanghai, the property market there has always stayed strong.
In 2015, monthly average transaction volume of newly-built houses hovered around 3 million sq.m, well above recent years average level. According to Shanghai Municipal Statistics Bureau, saleable GFA of newly-built commodity housing fell to 10.75 million sq.m as of the end of 2015, representing a decrease of 2.57 million sq.m compared to the corresponding period of 2014. Inventory level stood at 7.9 months.

As the provincial capital of Fujian, Fuzhou is a famous historical & cultural city located in Southeastern Coastal China and a modern financial service center for West Strait Economic Zone. It is also one of the first 14 coastal ports cities that are opened to the outside world and a strategic hub city of the 21st century maritime silk road.
In end-August 2015, the State Council approved the establishment of Fuzhou New Area and elevated the development of the area into a national strategy. Besides, we are seeing strategic plans for accelerating the construction of Minjiang River Estuary Economic Zone. These should further improve Fuzhou s appeal to investment and talents in the future. In 2015, the supply of commodity residential housing shrank sharply in Fuzhou and reached a low in recent years, while transaction volume hit a five-year high driven by multiple policy positives. According to CRIC, saleable GFA of newly- built commodity residential housing amounted to 2.45 million sq.m at the end of 2015 and inventory level is only 10 months.
The establishment of free-trade zones in Fujian and Tianjin and the expansion of Shanghai Free-trade Zone, the gradual implementation of integrated development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, the State Council s call for developing the Yangtze River Economic Belt into one with global influence as well as the boost from One Belt, One Road should further benefit the Group s deployment in these cities.

In 2015, China s real estate market recovered gradually which thanks to continuous policy positives. By capturing market trend precisely, the Group maintained fast and benign development by leveraging its reasonable product mix, sound market deployment and innovative marketing strategy. In addition, the Group strived to improve its management strength, enhance its brand influence, reasonably expand land reserve and optimise financial structure.
These efforts helped the Group maintain one of the Top-100 real estate developers in China for the 10 consecutive years in 2015, consolidate its leading market share in Xiamen and retain its Top- 3 position in Hefei. During the year, the Group s contracted sales amounted to RMB14,018 million, representing an increase of 16.80% year-on-year, exceeding sales target of RMB13,500 million set at the beginning of this year, and the total of contracted sales area amounted to 1,402,197 sq.m., representing an increase of 16.50% year-on-year. The amount and area sold both reached record high. Gross profit margin maintained at a high level in the industry of 35.75%.
For project development volume, at the beginning of 2016, our land reserve amounted to 8.56 million sq.m., about 47% of which was in the West Strait Economic Zone, about 49% in the Yangtze River Delta Region and about 4% in the Bohai Rim Region; and in 2015 newly acquired land reserve was approximately 1.02 million sq.m.. We are speeding up the sizable expansion in the West Strait Economic Zone, Yangtze River Delta Region and Bohai Rim Region, which laid a solid foundation for the sustainable and rapid development of the Group.

According to the Ranking of Property Development Prospects for Cities in China ( 0-N WW?b0W"u|vUMRofcLi 0), a report published by CRIC on 19 August 2015, Yangtze River Delta Region, Pearl River Delta Region and Bohai Rim Region are the three city agglomerations of China with the strongest economic strength and most aggregative population. In terms of investment prospects, substantially most of the core cities covered by the Group were among the top 50 cities, including Shanghai, Tianjin, Xiamen, Hefei, Fuzhou and Nanjing. Of which, our sales performance in Xiamen was outstanding with contracted sales reaching RMB5,780 million and ranked top for consecutive ten years for sales area. With contracted sales reaching RMB4,239 million, the sales performance of Hefei was blockbusting after years of relentless consolidation by the Group, while sales area and units sold both ranked among the top 3 developers in Hefei with very encouraging results.

ADOPTING INNOVATIVE MARKETING APPROACH FOR RESIDENTIAL DEVELOPMENT TO ACTIVELY COPE WITH MARKET CHANGES During the year, as a consistent practice, the Group stayed in line with national policy and actively responded to market changes, and timely adjusted its development and sales planning to address the predominant market demand for owner-occupied properties through offering properties products with high quality and 
To cope with the changing market conditions, the Group continued its innovative marketing strategy and efforts to increase brand influence, which effectively spurred sales growth. Notably, the launch of Yuzhou Lucca Town generated a Hit in Xiamen s housing market. The project made numerous innovation and trial in product upgrading, service experience and marketing measures, broke away from the traditional model of marketing center and introduced Yourtime Books, thus turning the marketing center into a place integrating caf, book stores and internet and developing the first caf-based marketing center in Xiamen. In addition, the project rolled out the first VR showflat in Xiamen and became the first to apply internet-based chauffeur car service to facilitate potential purchases visits to the marketing center and the project.
What s more, the project cooperated with Didi in introducing the first Didi station in Xiamen and the model may be introduced to 
other communities that the Group developed in Xiamen, Shanghai and Hefei etc. Besides, the project cooperated frequently with surrounding higher education institutions, launching student entrepreneurial center in its marketing center, hosting music festivals with six higher education institutions in Xiangan, recruiting students as waiters and waitresses in the caf and holding Italian gourmet festival. Meanwhile, the project also interacted frequently with internet entrepreneurs, integrating smart and new internet technologies in its design and hosting salons for internet entrepreneurs. Thanks to these efforts, Yuzhou Lucca Town has become a center in Xiamen for literary and artistic youth, internet entrepreneurs and teachers and students from higher education 
Although July and August are traditional slack season for real estate market, Yuzhou Lucca Town s Phase I project of 54 units of 180220 sq.m villas were almost sold out within an hour in its debut on 12 August after securing potential clients for less than one month, which reignited the housing market in Xiamen.
For Shanghai, sales started on 31 October 2015 for Yuzhou Bustling Center, which focused on 87125 sq.m per unit with two bedrooms, 2+1 bedrooms and 3 bedrooms (close to the family structure of households with upgrading demand), attracted more than 800 potential purchasers to queue for the project and recorded approximately RMB500 million sales in two hours. For Hefei, Yuzhou Central Town focused on 79107 sq.m per unit in its debut and attracted more than 1,000 potential purchasers with its considerate design (such as higher space utilisation ratio), recording approximately 80% selling-through rate in its debut and grossing RMB400 million sales amount.

The Group s project enjoyed increasing sales volume and sales price thanks to its flexible project development and marketing strategy, good product quality and sound project environment and supporting facilities. For example, Yuzhou Shoreline s average selling price (ASP) jumped from RMB12,838sq.m in 2011 to RMB23,364sq.m. in 2015, while Yuzhou Central Coast s ASP surged from RMB8,390sq.m in 2011 to RMB16,587sq.m in 2015, while helped ensure profit margin and guarantee sell-through 
BOUTIQUE BUILDING 3.5 (|{3.5) STANDARDISATION AND ENVIRONMENT PRESERVATION WITH SINCERE HEART In light of the rigid demand for first-time home-buyer and first-time upgrader, the Group adjusted its product structure and continued to launch housing products with small and middle size. Meanwhile, the Group introduced and integrated well-developed design concept and service standard for exquisitely fitted residential products of cross strait, and launched a value concept of Boutique Building 3.5 (|{3.5), referring to three overweighs and one relocation. We treat technology as art, sales warm-up as heart warm-up, and customers as users. In other words, we make art, experience and open-up as the three pillars of Yuzhou Property s premium constructions.
Concierge services of Taiwanese style are actually an upgrade of the 
Yuzhou The Jiqing in Nanjing introduced the product concept of Boutique Building 3.5 |{3.5 , which has taken into consideration various details of art and public facilities in the community at the initial phase of design, with an aim to enhancing residents living quality 
In the system of our Boutique Building 3.5, we pursue ultimate details in the construction of a building, from roof garden to finely equiped basement, from mailbox to the integrated garbage chamber and from the hall decorated with art to the gate sensors, demonstrating personal detail design all around. All of this is coming from our sincere care for our customers, and only because of our constant pursuit of self-improvement that have made such an extent of humanistic details, artistic moods and thoughtful courtesy, where exactly lies what Yuzhou Properties cares the most.
During the period, through further optimisation of design process and product standardisation, the Group has improved our product quality, satisfied the Group s rapid development needs, effectively controlled construction costs and enhanced operation efficiency. Besides, the Group paid great attention to the impact on environment by construction works, and strived to minimise energy consumption and waste generation from the very beginning of product design. The Xiamen Yuzhou Plaza, our flagship investment property which has been put in use, was awarded LEED-CS Gold Certification by U.S Green Building Council; and the HK Caine Road Project, will be incorporated with smart home system and concepts of green building and environment-friendly design, aiming to meet the high standard of BEAM on New Buildings set by Hong Kong Green Building Council. Both projects demonstrate our commitment to environment preservation.

BENEFITING FROM DIVERSIFIED BUSINESSES, SUCCESSFULLY DIVERGING RISKS The Group believes that a diversified commercial property portfolio, including hotels, shopping malls and office buildings, may diverge operational risks and create stable income. At the same time, benefited from the synergy effect from hotel and commercial property development of our projects, the values of property projects themselves also improved.

All the properties under the investment property portfolio had recorded satisfactory performance. Rental income from investment properties reached RMB79.65 million and increased by 55% in 2015. The investment properties of the Group are classified into two main categories, namely office buildings and shopping malls.
Shanghai Yuzhou Plaza is located in Pudong New Area, which is covered by the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, neighboring the offices of World s Top 500 companies such as GE, Johnson & Johnson and Shanghai Bell and is adjacent to Biyun Community, the largest international community of Shanghai, with convenient transportation network. The project was put into use in the end of 2014, with total GFA of approximately 35,837 sq.m.. During the period, the overall occupancy rate of the project increased to 92%. The Xiamen Yuzhou Plaza is another landmark 5A-grade office property developed by the Group. The project was put into use in the end of 2014 with entry of large state-owned enterprises, insurance companies, banks and financial institutions. Meanwhile, it is where the Group s headquarter and Xiamen Company located.
In addition, as the first city complex project in Xiamen, Yuzhou World Trade Center is located in a transportation hub integrating motion car station, metro station (under construction), bus terminal and BRT. It is the most mature modern mega mall in Xiamen and has become a famous commercial landmark in the region. The Group adjusted the mall s tenant mix and brands in 2015 in line with the market conditions, and focused on introducing brands in food & beverage and fast fashion to enrich its overall operating environment. By now, Yuzhou World Trade Center boasts in its portfolio notable names like Wal-Mart, Pizzahut, MUJI, China Film Digital Cinema, Haidilao Hot Pot, Watsons, Hagen-Dazs, Starbucks, and Yourtime Books (the first original book store in Xiamen). In 2015, the project recorded an overall occupancy rate of 96.15%. In the future, the Group will continue to nurture commercial property talents, prudently and steadily conduct the businesses in this aspect and gradually increase its investment property portfolio in next few years. The Group targets to hold self- owned commercial properties located at core locations in tier 1 and 2 cities.

While continuing to expand its property development and sales, the Group s hotel business also contributed to the recurring revenue sources of non-residential projects, thus enabling the property revenue portfolio to be more diversified. According to the Group s development strategies and the future development trend of the hotel business, we position our hotel business to 1) focus on the development of service apartments as well as medium to high- end business hotels to establish premium hotel brands; 2) properly develop resort hotels to improve the existing hotels and strengthen the core competitiveness of the brands. The Yuzhou Camelon Hotel Apartment of the Group had its grand opening in the fourth quarter of 2013. With a total GFA of 9,880 sq.m., the project is located in the central area of Huli District, Xiamen, adjacent to the government of Huli District, SM City Plaza, TESCO Mall and Xiamen (Amoy)Gaoqi International Airport. During the period, the hotel recorded an average occupancy rate of 62%, contributing an operating income of RMB16.21 million for the Group. In addition, the Group has a hotel project, Yuzhou International Hotel, which is located at the southwest of Wuyuan Bay Bridge in Siming District of Xiamen and with an idea to realise functional diversification so as to satisfy different market demands. What s more, the hotel project close to Yuzhou Riverside City Town and Tong an Film Studio City in Tong an District of Xiamen is initially positioned as a hot spring resort thanks to its unique resources in hot spring and ecotourism.
Both projects are currently under construction.

TO IMPROVE CUSTOMER SERVICE AND 
In 2015, Yuzhou Properties Management ranked 44th in the China Top 100 Property Management Companies with Strongest Comprehensive Strengths , which represents the highest level of property service companies in the PRC. In October 2015, Yuzhou Properties passed the ISO9001 Quality System review.
Meanwhile, it issued the Management and Operation Guidance for House Delivery to standardise the operational procedures, work content and time schedules in respect of the project transfer and acceptance and risk checks, etc., with a view to provide references and implementation standards for all real estate property companies. To improve customer satisfaction, Yuzhou Properties Management renovated old facilities and equipment in its projects, conducted return visit to home owners on a sampled basis and carried out analysis of complaints and training of relevant property management rules based on results from the return visits to enhance staff s professional knowledge and skill. Upholding the principle of Owners First, Service First , the Group launched Community O2O Service Platform on WeChat in July 2015, which features a range of butler services including community notice, fees payment, engineering repair, community group purchase, with an aim to provide customised and smart community services for 
In addition, in December 2015, the Group reached strategic cooperation with Didi and launched Xiamen s first Didi station in Yuzhou Lucca Town, which has gained sound feedback and facilitated marketing, as well as provided convenience for owners, signaling a new operating model of online property management for the Group. In 2015, the property management companies of the Group recorded a property management fee income of RMB122.13 million, increasing by 38.40% year-on-year. With an increase in the area of delivered properties, the property management companies of the Group managed an aggregate GFA of approximately 4.85 million sq.m. in China as of 31 December 
Our O2O Service Platform You Life has been officially launched online for operation, demonstrating Yuzhou Properties Management s commitment to promoting Smart Community service model 
PROPER ACQUISITION OF NEW LAND TO CATER FOR FUTURE DEVELOPMENT, STRENGTHENING COOPERATION WITH REAL ESTATE ENTERPRISES AND INVESTMENT FUNDS The Group adhered to its strategic guideline of Based in West Strait and Expand Nationwide Coverage in China in replenishing strategically its land reserves after taking into account comprehensively various factors i.e. land market environment, property market development trend and its own financial conditions. The Group will stick to high cost performance, sustainable development and reasonable layout, and pay special attention to the execution, sell-through rate and profit margin of projects; furthermore, it puts in place a rigorous risk control mechanism to achieve sustainable growth.
During the year of 2015, the Group added about 1.02 million sq.m. to its land reserves in Xiamen, Hefei, Shanghai and Nanjing at an average land cost of RMB8,417 per sq.m., accumulating resources for its future development. In January 2015, the Group acquired a parcel of quality land for commercial and residential uses in Xiamen through open auction, at an average GFA land cost of RMB8,979 per sq.m.. The total saleable area was 305,160 sq.m.. The land is located at the core area of Jimei New Town, Xiamen with good transportation network, and will help to further solidify Yuzhou Properties leading position in Xiamen. In July 2015, through public tender, the Group successfully acquired a parcel of quality land for commercial and residential uses in Hefei Xinzhan District at a price of RMB700 million, with a planned total GFA of 144,923 sq.m. and an average land cost of RMB4,831sq.m.. In fact, early in November 2014, the Group has successfully acquired a parcel of quality land in that region through public tender, which is the Yuzhou Central Town located in a comprehensive development pilot zone in Hefei Xinzhan District. The land the Group obtained this time is just across the road, which can generate brand synergy and expand its influence in the region.
Meanwhile, the synergy between those lands can achieve resource sharing and reduce cost. In September and November 2015, the Group acquired two parcels of quality lands for residential use in Xuhang Town, Jiading District and Jinhui Town, Fengxian District of Shanghai at an average GFA land cost of RMB9,104sq.m. and RMB13,242sq.m. respectively. In November and December 2015, the Group acquired four parcels of quality land for residential use and commercialresidential uses in Shanshuiwan, Yuhuatai District, Riverside Development Zone, and core zone of Jiangning District of Nanjing respectively. In 2004 and 2014, Yuzhou Properties strategically tapped into Shanghai and Nanjing respectively, both of which are strategically important for Yuzhou s further expansion.
This move further consolidated the Group s regional layout in the Yangtze River Delta Region and enhanced its strength in the 
In recent years, Yuzhou Properties has created a land purchase model by collaborating investment funds with real estate companies, under which we have developed Xiamen Haicang Dream Town with Vanke and Xiamen Chunjiang Central with Longfor. The cooperation helps to control the land cost, enhanced the financial flexibility of land acquisition and reduced the investment risks at the preliminary stage of development, and also substantially shortened the input- output cycle, which helped relieve the liquidity stress while keeping a reasonable expansion speed and accelerate to achieve economies of 
At present, the Group has over 50 projects in different development phases in Xiamen, Fuzhou, Shanghai, Hefei, Nanjing, Tianjin, Quanzhou, Longyan, Zhangzhou, Bengbu and Hong Kong. The quality land resources and relatively low land costs will continue to support Yuzhou Properties performance in the major markets in China in the next few years.

STABLE OPERATION WITH SUSTAINABLE 
Apart from adhering to its stable operating strategy, Yuzhou Properties adopted optimised capital structure to reduce funding costs with its overall finance costs falling to 7.00% at the end of 2015 from 8.49% at the end of 2014. The net gearing ratio was maintained at a healthy level of 79.43% in 2015, representing an increase of 19.58 percentage points as compared to that at the end of last year.
To achieve sustainable development, the Group actively explores various financing channels to further optimise its financial structure as well as maintain a steady and sufficient cash flow. The Group always maintains awareness and sensitivity on capital market and firmly captures the best financing opportunities. In May 2015, the Group placed 360 million new shares at the placing price of HK$2.20 per placing share, and the net proceeds were approximately HK$779 million. The placing not only helped to improve the liquidity of the shares but also introduced Taiwan Life Insurance Co. Ltd and TransGlobe Life Insurance Inc. to become key strategic investors of the Group, which indicated that Taiwan large financial institutions were optimistic on the development of Yuzhou. On 26 October 2015, the Company early redeemed the US$250 million 11.75% senior notes due 2017. Also, the Company early repaid the Syndicated Loan due April 2016 amounted to HK$521 million and US$35 million respectively.

For domestic financing, during the period, domestic bond market provided new domestic financing channel for China s real estate companies, thus ushering in an opportune time for the issue of domestic bonds by real estate companies. On 16 October 2015 and 10 December 2015, the Group, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Xiamen Yuzhou Grand Future Real Estate Development Company Limited, issued private corporate bonds of RMB2 billion and public corporate bonds of RMB3 billion with a coupon rate of 6.7% and 5.1% for a term of 3 years and 5 years respectively.
The issuer credit rating is AA. Meanwhile, the Group maintained good cooperative relationships with various commercial banks and is the VIP prime customer of the four largest state-owned banks in China, including Bank of China, China Construction Bank and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China.

The Group also had sufficient cash and as at 31 December 2015, cash on hand was approximately RMB11,948.79 million.
The sound financial position and development prospect of the Group are widely recognised by the rating agencies. Fitch initially gave an issuer credit rating of BB and debt rating of BB to Yuzhou Properties with a Stable outlook. In addition, both Moody and Standard & Poor have maintained the Company s issuer credit rating of B1 and B+ and debt rating of B1 and B respectively, with a Stable outlook.

COMPLYING WITH A HIGH STANDARD OF 
The Group is always committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance. Under the full support of our outstanding management team, an efficient board of directors has been established with an internal control system soundly implemented.
The board of directors has all along directed and monitored effectively the business strategies operated by the Group.
The board of directors has established the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee in assisting the performance of its duties. The Group also established a sound and effective internal control system to safeguard the assets of the Group and shareholders interests. Under the assistance of the Audit Committee, the management team and internal and external auditors, the Company reviews regularly the internal control system of the Group.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES By pursuing its mission of Serve the community and reward the community , the Group has been actively committed to its social responsibility since its establishment. Alongside the Company s development, we always keep this in our mind. During the year, the Group actively participated in public welfare activities, advocated environmental protection and low carbon lifestyle, and got involved in areas like education, environmental protection and culture.

PLAYING AN ACTIVE ROLE IN SOCIAL WELFARE AND CHARITY EVENTS In 2015, the accumulated amount of the Group s charitable donation reached RMB5.077 million. During the year, Yuzhou Public Welfare Foundation launched Mutual Help , one of charity programs, whereby volunteers from Yuzhou and Fire Phoenix volunteers carried out a series of activities on fire prevention trainings to communities. The Group has always been dedicated to support the development of education. We have set up a scholarship of RMB1 million for students from low-income families at both Xiamen University and Jimei University. The Group also donated HK$1 million to Heung To Middle School in Hong Kong for the construction of new blocks and improvement of education 
In 2015, with its outstanding comprehensive strength, the Group was honored by various organisations. Such honors comprised: Overall Ranking 61st and Real Estate Industry 16th of Greater China Listed Companies in Terms of Best IR Management granted by IR Magazine, 2014 International MERCURY Grand Award for 2014 Interim Report, Honors Award in the 2015 Astrid Awards for Interim Report, Best IR Company and Best IRO granted by Hong Kong Investor Relations Association, 2015 Top 50 Comprehensive Strength of Chinese Real Estate Listed Companies (Rank 37) and 2015 Top 5 Chinese Real Estate Listed Companies Operating Performance (Rank 3) jointly granted by China Real Estate Research Association, China Real Estate Association and China Real Estate Appraisal Center. The 2015 corporate video received two silver Questar awards for Brand image campaign and corporate identity. Yuzhou Properties Management was honored with the China Top 100 Property Management Companies in 2015 jointly granted by China Index Academy and China Real Estate Top10 Researching Group. 2014 Yuzhou annual report gained gold award for financial data and silver award for printing design under real estate developers category of 2015 ARC Annual Report Awards, Yuzhou is also the Outstanding Chinese Real Estate Developers for the third consecutive year granted by the famous Hong Kong financial magazine Economic Digest.

DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY AND 
The 2016 s Report on the Work of the Government pointed out that the major development targets in 2016 include: 1) GDP growth at 6.57%, CPI increase at around 3%, creation of at least ten million new urban jobs, registered urban unemployment rate within 4.5%, a steady rebound in import and export, a basic balance in international payment and an increase of personal income largely in step with economic growth. 2) The central government will advance new urbanisation: Firstly, China will move faster to see that urban residency is granted to more people with rural household registration living in urban areas, deepen reform of household registration system, relax restrictions on eligibility for urban residency and introduce policies for making both the transfer payments and the land designated for urban development granted to the governments of a local jurisdiction conditional upon the number of people with rural household registration who are granted permanent urban residency in that jurisdiction.
Besides, the full range of trials for developing new urbanisation will be extended to more areas. Secondly, China will promote the development of government-subsidised housing in urban areas and the steady and healthy development of the real estate market.
In 2016, six million housing units are rebuilt in rundown urban areas and that more people displaced by the rebuilding of such areas receive monetary housing compensation rather than housing relocation. China will also improve the tax and credit policies for supporting justified personal housing consumption, and ensure that cities take policies appropriate to their local conditions to ease the real estate industry s problem of excess inventory in order to meet the firm demand for housing and the demand for second homes. In addition, China will put in place a housing system which encourages both renting and purchasing and, enables eligible non-registered urban residents to apply for public rental housing. 3) China will try to maintain a balance between ensuring steady growth and making structural adjustments, ensure that the economy operates within an appropriate range, strengthen supply-side structural reform, accelerate the fostering of new driving forces for development, strengthen traditional comparative advantages, by the means of cut overcapacity and excess inventory, deleverage, reduce costs, and strengthen points of 
For 2016, global economy will likely continue adjustment and may face greater challenges and uncertainties. We see unprecedented challenges ahead as well as substantial development opportunities as China s economy enters a new normal of slower growth and the real estate sector enters a stage that focuses on quality products, branding and differentiation and features rising concentration .
Relevant policy environment will stay loosen as the real estate sector remains one of the key economic pillars for China s development, and continued promotion of urbanisation should open new growth room for the real estate sector. Destocking will remain the main theme of the real estate sector. As sector growth slows, market competition will intensify, industrial concentration will continue rising, regional divergence will become clearer and market will see consolidation, which should allow companies with visible competitive edges to seize opportunity and see faster and better 
Considering the macro-economic and market outlook in 2016 and the management s analysis on the real estate sector s future trend, the Group will continue to pursue focused strategy with emphasis on the five key cities, and watch opportunities in other coastal tier 1 and 2 cities to seek quality and steady growth. In the coming five to ten years, the Group will adhere to its strategy of Based in West Strait and Expand Nationwide Coverage in China . Based on West Strait implies that the Group will focus on the West Strait market, prudent consideration of selling-through rate, profit margin and execution will be taken before entering new cities and efforts would be taken to generate synergy among different cities. Expand Nationwide Coverage in China points to the demand for mid long-term strategic deployment. The Group will maintain modest scale expansion and consolidate its current national deployment to develop a market with West Strait Economic Zone at the core and Yangtze River Delta and Bohai Rim s core tier 1 and 2 cities with great potential as regional centers. The Group will also explore overseas cities such as Hong Kong when appropriate to realise a prudent strategic expansion of from the core cities to the regions and the whole country .

As the current land reserve can satisfy the Group s demand for the next 35 years, the Group will stay sober and will not acquire land blindly. In addition to public tendering, the Group will also increase land reserve through acquiring corporate equity stake.
The Group will adhere strictly to its investment discipline and pay attention to the execution, sell-through rate and profit margin of projects. We expect West Strait Economic Zone will remain a focus for the Group s development with Xiamen at the core and the region will take up not less than 50% of land reserve. For non-West Strait regions that we have already entered, the Group will also strengthen resource consolidation, increase local land reserve at a fair price when appropriate, and expand land reserve in Shanghai, Hefei, Xiamen, Nanjing and Fuzhou to develop them into five core cities with RMB5 billion annual sales. In addition, efforts will be made to expand into surrounding cities with strong economic potential and net population inflow to generate regional stronghold and avoid blind expansion.
In response to the general development of the property sector and continuous adjustment of the market, the Group will transform itself from a simplex developer to an integration of developer, operator and service provider by leveraging on its resources. The Group will continue to balance the ratio of income from property sales and investment property, focusing on property sales and selectively hold quality investment properties in tier 1 and 2 cities.
The Group will continue to establish and improve online community service platform You Life project to improve added-value of property management service. On the other hand, the Group will keep innovating and proactively exploring different types of products like senior housing real estate and commercial complex etc. to develop leading diversified products in the industry.

In addition to ensuring growth, the Group will also proactively seek mutual and effective communication with all kinds of institutions in the capital market and establish long-term and stable relations, which should help the Group expand financing channels, lowering financing cost, optimising financial structure, accelerating fund collection and enhancing financial risk control system. The Group will continue to promote breakthrough in resource consolidation, consider diversified ways of cooperation in project development in an open and active mind like introducing mutual funds or cooperating with peers, and keep a flexible land acquisition policy.
The Group will strengthen cooperation with financial institutions and other strategic partners along every link of its value chain, and proactively seek M&A opportunity amid industry consolidation to realise quality and balanced growth. The Group will adhere to a strict financial system and discipline, to maintain a reasonable gearing ratio and cash position. The Group believes these operating strategies will allow the Group to maintain competitive edge and reduce risk amid the changing market, thus ensuring 
The Group has experienced challenges and opportunities and developed in a steady and rapid manner along the path of regional scale development and, with the support of all circles and every employee, the Group had achieved its current success. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our heartfelt thanks to all shareholders, investors, partners and customers for their trust and support. We will continue to draw on better corporate governance and management structure as well as the prudent financial strategies and adhere to our spirit of Building Cities with Heart, Building Homes with Love and dedicate to maximise the value for our shareholders and investors in creating the best returns.
Lam Lung On 
Hong Kong, 30 March 2016 