Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of Kaisa Group Holdings Ltd.
(the Company , together with its subsidiaries referred to as the Group ), I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 
For the year ended 31 December 2012, the Group s turnover and gross profit reached approximately RMB11,955.0 million and RMB3,885.4 million, representing an increase of approximately 10.3% and 20.2% over those of 2011, respectively. Profit attributable to shareholders and basic earnings per share amounted to approximately RMB2,072.2 million and RMB42.2 cents, representing an increase of approximately 9.0% and 8.8% as compared to those of 2011, respectively.

In 2012, despite no new major tightening measures having been announced, the operating environment remained challenging as the Central Government (the Central Government ) of the People s Republic of China (the PRC ) continued to firmly implement the tightening policy in the real estate market sector with an aim to cool down housing prices. However, to brace the slowdown in the domestic economy, there was credit easing through two cuts in Reserve Requirement Ratio, Reverse Repo Operations, as well as reduction in the benchmark lending rate twice.
Further, banks extended favorable mortgage rate to first-time home buyers and released mortgage financing promptly to developers, and some local governments loosened the usage of and raising the cap on housing provident fund as well as offered incentives for home purchase. While it is unlikely that the new administration will relax the reins on the property sector in the near term, the above easing measures were conducive to an overall market sentiment causing transaction volume to rebound since the 4th quarter of 2012.

During the year ended 31 December 2012, the Group successfully executed a rapid asset-turnover business model to capture the robust mass market housing demand. The Group achieved approximately RMB17.3 billion of contracted sales, representing an increase of approximately 13.4% year- on-year. In January 2013, Kaisa was ranked 17th in terms of gross floor area ( GFA ) sold according to Top 50 Real Estate Enterprise Property Developers by Sales in 2012 jointly compiled and issued by China Real Estate Information Corporation (NASDAQ: CRIC; CRIC ) and China Real Estate Appraisal Center.
The Group successfully launched Shenzhen Kaisa City Plaza, Shenzhen Metropolitan Homeland, Zhuhai Golden World and Foshan Shunde Kaisa Golden World in the Pearl River Delta region, Wuhan Golden World in Central China Region, Shenyang Kaisa Center and Panjin Kaisa Center in the Pan-Bohai Bay Rim, further solidifying the Group s 
In 2010 and 2011, the Group actively expanded its land bank in third-and lower-tier cities to capture the robust housing demand from end-users and up-graders with an aim to establish a nationwide presence, as well as to achieve geographical diversification.
In 2012, the Group started to re-focus the opportunities in tier-one cities and provincial capitals to achieve a balanced land bank portfolio. Starting from the second half of 2011, the land cost in these cities gradually declined to a reasonable level after a series of abortive land auction. We were of the view that for so long as we remained focus on the mass market, these cities would be the first batch to benefit from the rebound of the overall market. Indeed, in the recent rebound, the first-tier cities experience stronger rebound than that in the lower-tier cities. The land market, in particular in the first-tier cities, has also recovered strongly as evidenced in the results of recent land auctions. For the year, the Group entered into various agreements for land purchase for a total consideration of RMB4.5 billion, with 73% located in tier-one cities and provincial capitals, including Dalian.

For the year under review, we have made significant progress in our urban 
In December 2012, we launched Phase 1 of Shenzhen Kaisa City Plaza, the largest residential and commercial complex and urban redevelopment project ever undertaken in Shenzhen. This project is also designated as one of the 60 landmark projects in Shenzhen Municipal Government s 12th Five-Year Plan. Total GFA is approximately one million sq.m. The project is located in the Huawei Technology City, within which there are many renowned technology companies including Huawei and Foxconn Technology 
Significant progress in construction of Zhuhai Lake View Waldorf Garden, the largest old town resettlement and redevelopment project in Zhuhai, was made during the year, and its first phase is ready for launch in the beginning of 2013.
The project is located in Zhuhai Wanzai in Xiangzhou District, with 
a commute time of approximately five minutes to Macau.
We have finalized the land premium arrangement of the Shenzhen Dapeng project and expect to launch the project in the 
The above launches, together with our urban redevelopment project pipeline, will not only provide the Group with saleable resources to sustain its growth in the medium term, but also improve its profitability going forward. This will help us to further enhance our brand and consolidate our leading market position in the Pearl River Delta.

The Group will continue to adopt a flexible yet prudent policy to cope with market and policy changes, including making appropriate adjustments in future development plans, product mix, capital structure, sales and marketing strategies in accordance with the prevailing market conditions and product demand in 
In May 2012, the Company entered into a facility agreement with PA International Opportunity VI Limited for an exchangeable term loan in the aggregate principal amount of US$120 million (the PAG Loan ) with a tenor of 27 months for the purpose of refinancing some of the Group s outstanding trust loans. On 18 September 2012, the Company successfully issued US$250 million 12.875% senior notes due 2017 for the purpose of refinancing existing indebtedness, financing property projects and general corporate use.
To take advantage of the liquidity in the capital market, on 8 January 2013, the Company successfully issued US$500 million 10.25% senior notes due 2020 to refinance the PAG Loan and the senior bonds with a principal amount of RMB2 billion due in March 2014. Both transactions received overwhelming interest from international fund managers, and the notes issued in September 2012 and January 2013 were over-subscribed by more than 14 times and 18 times, respectively. These transactions enable the Group to lengthen its debt maturity profile significantly whilst laying a strong foundation for its future liability management.

The above fund raising initiatives demonstrate the Group s ability to secure funding from the international capital market, and help to improve the Group s capital structure as well as lower its funding cost. Further, in an effort to capture investment opportunities whilst effectively managing its overall debt leverage, in the second quarter of 2012, the Group acquired controlling equity interests in certain land parcels through partnership with independent third party financial investors. Going forward, where appropriate, the Group will continue to pursue strategic partnerships, to support its business expansion plans whilst achieving an optimal capital structure.
TEAM BUILDING AND 
The Group s rapid asset-turnover business model and geographical diversification strategy has provided a broad platform for its employees personal development. The Group has formulated training programs for its employees at different project stages to match their personal development. The Group also adopts competitive incentive schemes to motivate its staff. In June 2012, the Group granted employee share options to over 200 key staff members entitling them to purchase a total of 326.8 million shares of the Company. In 2012, in order to cope with the Group s rapid expansion, two key appointments were made Mr. Jin Zhigang as an executive director and chief executive officer and Mr. Ji Jiaming as a vice 
chairman. Mr. Jin joined the Group in 2004 as a sales and marketing director of one of the Group s major subsidiaries and held various positions within the Group including vice president and chief operating officer. Mr. Ji has over 30 years of experience in the architecture and construction industries in the PRC and held various senior positions within the group of China State Construction Engineering Corporation ( CSCEC ).
The above appointments will not only further strengthen the Group s execution capability and enhance the Group s profitability, but will also enable the Group to gain new insights on its future business strategies, providing strong support for its sustainable business 
The Company strives to achieve a high standard of corporate governance and high degree of corporate transparency, and is devoted to maintaining a timely and effective communication with its shareholders and investors through various means. In addition to the regulatory filings and announcements, through monthly newsletter, investor conferences, media and site visit, the Group strives to keep shareholders and investors well informed of its latest development including business strategies, sales performance, operation and financial condition. The Group values input from investors, bond holders and shareholders, and through various channels to collect their views.

In the beginning of 2013, the global market in general has shown signs of renewed optimism with many major indices trading at recent high since 2008 financial crisis, notwithstanding the Eurozone sovereign debt crisis remained largely unsolved and the fiscal challenges in the United States. Investors willingness to take risks is largely due to the ample liquidity from the quantitative easing programs by the United States and also by other central banks. Thanks to this ample liquidity since second half of last year, 2012 is a record-breaking year for Asian bond issuance. In fact, the Chinese property sector delivered stellar performance in both the bond and equity markets during the year, and such bullishness carried through to the beginning of 2013. The Group will continue to monitor the market to explore the opportunities to secure lower- cost financing, and improve its capital 
As for the recent economic data of China, including the gross domestic product index, suggest that China s economic growth had already bottomed out in the third quarter of 2012, implying a soft landing if not a recovery in China s economy. In addition, the consumer price index figures are showing good sign of control of inflation, allowing flexibility for the Central Government to step up policy fine-tuning to support China s economy, and to structurally reform China s economic growth pattern to ensure a more balanced and sustainable development in the future.

Following the smooth transition of the new leadership in China, it is generally believed that the government policy will remain largely unchanged. On the economic front, given the bleak economic outlook of the US and Eurozone, domestic consumption and fixed asset investment will be the drivers for the economic growth in the short and medium term. The new Chinese administration has also reiterated its commitment to urbanization. While the overall policy stance on the Chinese property sector will remain firm in the near to medium term, we expect that the Central Government will continue to support market demand driven by first-time home owners. With the improved availability of mortgage financing and favorable mortgage rates applicable to first-time home buyers, coupled with price correction since mid- 2011 making housing more affordable, we believe that property price and transaction volume will stabilize going forward, in particular in the end-user mass market segment.
With Qianhai of Shenzhen designated as a new financial service hub of China with many preferential policies, including a pilot zone of the convertibility of yuan in China, along the continual expansion of inter-city connection of Shenzhen s transportation network with cities within and outside of the Pearl River Delta, Shenzhen has entered into a new epoch of its history. Capitalizing its project pipeline on urban redevelopment projects in Shenzhen, and over nine million sq.m.
of land bank in the Pearl River Delta, the Group is well positioned to capture 
the housing demand generated from the new opportunities arising. While we will continue to leverage our brand and our expertise to unlock the value of our pipeline for redevelopment projects, we will continue to implement the asset- turnover business model to seize the growing end-user mass market driven by urbanization, aiming to become a national leader in the property sector.

Thanks to the enormous support from all of our stakeholders and the ardent efforts of all our staff members who have made invaluable contributions during the year, the Group has been growing at a steady pace. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my wholehearted gratitude to all the shareholders of the Company, investors, business partners and customers for their trust and support. Upholding the spirit enshrined in our motto Kaisa, bring you joyful living , we will make every endeavor to maximise values and generate the greatest returns for our shareholders 
KWOK Ying Shing 
Hong Kong, 21 February 2013 
