Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of Kaisa Group Holdings Ltd. (the Company , together with its subsidiaries referred to as the Group ), I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2013.

RESULTS AND DIVIDEND For the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group s turnover and gross profit reached approximately RMB19,523.1 million and RMB6,599.8 million, representing an increase of approximately 63.3% and 69.9% over those of 2012, respectively.
Profit attributable to shareholders and basic earnings per share amounted to approximately RMB2,857.4 million and RMB58.1 cents, representing an increase of approximately 37.9% and 37.7% as compared to those of 2012, respectively.
The Board recommends the payment of final dividend of Hong Kong dollars 15 cents per share for the year ended 31 
In 2013, the PRC property market continued to be overshadowed by the tightening stance of the Central Government (the Central Government ) of the PRC; however, largely due to the release of the pend-up demand, the average home price and the transaction volume in the primary residential market recorded an approximately 7.7% and 17.3% increase year- on- year, respectively, according to data compiled by China Real Estate Index System ( CREIS ), with the increase of tier- one cities housing price tops the list.
During the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group continued its focus on mass market housing and successfully executed a rapid asset-turnover business model to capture such demand. The Group achieved approximately RMB23.9 billion of contracted sales, representing an increase of 37.9% year-on-year. Kaisa was ranked 25th in terms of sales according to Top 50 Real Estate Enterprise Property Developers by Sales in 2013 jointly compiled and issued by China Real Estate Information Corporation (NASDAQ: CRIC; CRIC ) and China Real Estate Appraisal Center. In addition, Kaisa was ranked number one in terms of sales, gross floor area ( GFA ) and number of units sold in the Shenzhen primary residential market in 2013 according to the statistics compiled by ShenzhenHome (www.szhome.com), further solidifying our leading market position in the Pearl River Delta.
The Group successfully launched Chengdu Kaisa Mansion No. 8, and Chongqing Kaisa Plaza in Western Region, Hangzhou Jade Dragon Court, Shanghai Xiangyi Garden (also known as Shanghai Kaisa Mansion No. 8 ), Shanghai Shangpin Garden (also known as Shanghai Kaisa Mansion No. 1 ) and Taizhou Kaisa Mansion No. 1 in the Yangtze River Delta, Shenzhen Dapeng Kaisa Peninsula Resort, Shenzhen Kaisa Yuefeng Garden, Dongguan Oasis Town and Zhuhai Lake View Waldorf in the Pearl River Delta, Changsha Kaisa Times Square in Central China, and Dalian Kaisa Center, Qingdao Kaisa Lake View Place, Dandong Kaisa Mansion No. 1 and Weifang Kaisa Golden World in Pan-Bohai Bay Rim, further solidifying the Group s nationwide presence.

The land market in upper-tier cities has rebounded strongly over the last two years. With respect to land acquisitions, since late 2011, the Group has begun to refocus on the opportunities in tier-one cities and provincial capitals. In 2012 and 2013, the Group entered into various agreements for land purchase for a total consideration of RMB4.5 billion and RMB14.1 billion, respectively, with 92.3% located in upper-tier cities. As a result of our efforts to achieve a more balanced land bank portfolio, approximately 63% of our land bank was located in upper-tier cities as at 31 December 2013, as compared to 24.4% as at end of 2012. The above land acquisitions have enabled the Group to accumulate additional saleable resources to support its business expansion. We plan to launch phase one of most of the above projects in the next two years.
For the year under review, our projects in Shenzhen contributed to approximately 30% of the Group s contracted sales, thanks to the outstanding performance achieved through our urban redevelopment projects. Shenzhen Kaisa City Plaza, the largest residential and commercial complex and urban redevelopment project ever undertaken in Shenzhen, was ranked number one in terms of sales, GFA sold and number of units sold in the Shenzhen primary residential market in 2013 according to statistics compiled by ShenzhenHome (www.szhome.com). Further, in June 2013, we launched the Shenzhen Dapeng Kaisa Peninsula Resort with 96.2% of the units less than 80 sq.m. in size in order to capture the end- user demand. Significant progress has been made in our other urban redevelopment projects in Shenzhen and Guangzhou.
In May 2013, we acquired two land parcels in the Baiyun District of Guangzhou with a total consideration of RMB2,666.4 million. Such land acquisitions will not only enable the Group to achieve synergy with our existing urban redevelopment projects located in the same district, but also further enhance our brand, and most importantly, allow the Group to further strengthen the sustainability of its business model focusing on urban redevelopment in the Pearl River Delta. The above projects, together with our urban redevelopment project pipeline, will also provide the Group with considerable saleable resources to sustain its growth in the medium term and improve its profitability going forward.
DEVELOPMENT AND FINANCING STRATEGIES The Group will continue to adopt a flexible yet prudent policy to cope with market and policy changes, including making appropriate adjustments in future development plans, product mix, capital structure, sales and marketing strategies in accordance with the prevailing market conditions and the latest policies. We have been taking a proactive approach in managing our liabilities since the second half of 2012. Taking advantage of the liquidity in the capital market, on 8 January 2013, the Company successfully issued US$500 million 10.25% senior notes due 2020 to refinance the exchangeable term loan and the senior bonds due in 2014 with an aggregate principal amount of approximately RMB2.8 billion. On 19 March 2013, the Company successfully issued US$550 million 8.875% senior notes due 2018 to partially refinance the senior notes due 2015, with an outstanding principal amount of US$648 million, and for general corporate use. On 22 April 2013, the Company successfully issued RMB1.8 billion 6.875% senior notes due 2016 to refinance the remaining balance of the senior notes due 2015. All of the above three transactions received overwhelming interest from international financial institutions and were over-subscribed by more than 10 times. Moreover, we also managed to obtain unsecured offshore funding in the form of medium-term loan with HSBC and ICBC Asia. Through these transactions, we managed to extend our debt maturity profile and reduce our funding cost substantially. The successful refinancing of our offshore debts has also granted the Company with more flexibility for its business expansion.

The Company strives to achieve a high standard of corporate governance and high degree of corporate transparency, and is committed to maintaining a timely and effective communication with its shareholders and investors through various means. In addition to the regulatory filings and announcements, through monthly newsletters, communication with media, investor conferences, site visits and road shows, the Group strives to keep shareholders and investors well informed of its latest development including business strategies, sales performance, operation and financial condition. The Group values input from investors, bond holders and shareholders, and through various channels to collect their views. We are pleased that our efforts are recognized, and Kaisa was named the Best Mid Cap in China and was ranked 8th in the category of the Best investor relations in China by Finance Asia with the top seven being the large state-owned enterprises.

After a record-breaking year for Asian bond issuance in 2012, the optimism in the global financial market in the first quarter of 2013 was sharply reversed towards the end of the second quarter due to the speculation on the earlier-than- expected ending of the quantitative easing program in the United States. The market recovered somewhat in the second half but was still not as robust as in the first half. We always take the view that it is difficult to predict the best market as the market nowadays is much more volatile. In hindsight, we believe our approach to undertake the liability management exercise earlier on pays off, and thus the Group is not subject to refinancing risk in 2014 and 2015. The Group will continue to monitor the market with a view to further improving our capital structure and reduce cost of funding to meet its expansion needs.
With the new administration, the Central Government has revealed its new direction on policy towards the real estate sector, among others, through the issuance of the 60 Structural Reform Guidelines (the Guidelines ) after the Third Plenary Session in November 2013. The policy is shifting towards a market oriented approach, instead of high-handed administrative measures. Although some of the initiatives might have short-term impact, including the acceleration of the implementation of property tax, overall these initiatives are conducive to the long-term development of the sector, such as land reform, Hukou reform, urbanization and relaxation of one-child policy.
With Qianhai of Shenzhen being designated as a new financial service hub of China with preferential policies, Shenzhen has entered into a new epoch of its history. Capitalizing its project pipeline on urban redevelopment projects in Shenzhen, and over 9 million sq.m. of land bank in the Pearl River Delta, the Group is well positioned to capture the housing demand generated from the new opportunities arising. While we will continue to leverage our brand and our expertise to unlock the value of our pipeline for redevelopment projects, we will continue to implement the asset turnover business model to seize the opportunities in the growing end-user mass market driven by urbanization, aiming to maintain our leadership.

Thanks to the enormous support from all of our stakeholders and the ardent efforts of all our staff members who have made valuable contributions during the year, the Group has been growing at a steady pace. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my wholehearted gratitude to all the shareholders of the Company, investors, business partners and customers for their trust and support. Upholding the spirit enshrined in our motto Kaisa, bring you joyful living , we will make every endeavor to maximize values and generate the greatest returns for our shareholders and investors.
KWOK Ying Shing 
Hong Kong, 20 February 2014 
