Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of Kaisa Group Holdings Ltd.
( Kaisa or the Company , together with its subsidiaries referred to as the Group ), I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2010.

For the year ended 31 December 2010, the Group s turnover and gross profit reached approximately RMB7,755.9 million and RMB3,010.9 million, representing growth of 66.0% and 128.1% over 2009, respectively. Profit attributable to shareholders and basic earnings per share amounted to RMB3,636.7 million and RMB73.8 cents, representing an increase of 563.8% and 434.8% as compared to that of year 2009, respectively.

The year 2010 was a challenging year for the property market in China. The Central Government introduced rounds of measures aiming at curbing speculative activities and preventing a bubble in the property market through suppressing the non-end user demand and tightening of credit. Notwithstanding the above draconian measures which have inflicted considerable impact on the business environment of the real estate market, the Group, capitalizing on the robust underlying market demand and through adjusting its business strategy decisively, managed to expand its market share and achieved outstanding sales performance in a number of PRC cities. For the year 2010, the Group s contracted sales increased by RMB4.1 billion, or 67.7% to RMB10.1 billion, surpassing the RMB10 billion annual contracted sales mark.
Further, according to China Real Estate Index System ( CREIS ) Shenzhen Residential Property Sales Index issued by China Index Academy in January 2011, the Group s contracted sales in Shenzhen ranked number two both in terms of gross floor area ( GFA ) sold and number of units sold, affirming its leading market position in the Pearl River Delta region.
Building on our presence in cities with strategic economic importance, the Group continued to embark on active implementation of its geographical diversification business strategy, paving the way to become a leading national developer.
2010 was a milestone year for our expansion into the Yangtze River Delta region, the Chengdu-Chongqing region and the 
Central China region. We completed and delivered Shanghai Shanhuwan Garden Phase 1, Jiangyin Lake View Place Phase 1, Chengdu Lijing Harbour Phases 1 and 2, and Changsha Lake View Place Phase 1.
After many years of experience and practice, the Group has developed expertise in redevelopment and has established a standard operation procedure therein. In 2010, our Shenzhen Jincui Garden, a redevelopment project, ranked number one in terms of contracted sales amount, GFA sold and number of units sold in the Luohu District of Shenzhen. Because of our expertise in redevelopment, we attract Cheung Kong (China Investment) Enterprises Limited as our partner to jointly explore the business opportunities in Bantian District, Shenzhen. During the year, the Group continued to unlock the value of our existing redevelopment projects through securing the necessary government approvals. In October 2010, we have obtained the approval on the planned GFA of phase 1 of Zhuhai Lake View Waldorf Garden (previously Wanzai project ), of approximately 180,300 sq.m., from Zhuhai Government. In January 2010, we completed the acquisition of a parcel of land with a site area of approximately 322,000 sq.m. located in Longgang District, Shenzhen, and in January 2011, the Shenzhen Longgang District Government granted its approval on the urban development plan of the project, pending Shenzhen Government s final approval.
Our other redevelopment projects in Shenzhen have also attained 
The Group will continue to adopt a proactive yet prudent policy to cope with market and policy changes, including appropriate adjustments in future development plans, product mix, sales and marketing strategies in accordance with prevailing market conditions and product demand in different markets.

During the year, in response to the measures introduced by the Central Government, the Group has been focusing on an asset- turnover business model in order to capitalize the increasing consumption power and housing demand in China. Further, the Group has actively expanded its land bank as part of its effort to achieve geographical diversification and nationwide expansion to tap into second- and third-tier cities. In 2010, the Group acquired high-quality land reserves with maximum planned GFA of approximately 7.5 million sq.m. in various PRC cities with excellent development potential, including Shenzhen and Foshan in the Pearl River Delta region, Taicang, Changzhou and Jiangyin in the Yangtze River Delta region, Nanchong in the Chengdu- Chongqing region and Zhuzhou in the Central China region, and Yingkou, Anshan and Huludao in the Pan-Bohai Bay Rim, with a total consideration of approximately RMB6.7 billion. As at 31 December 2010, the Group had a total of 47 projects located in 18 cities in the PRC and had a land bank with total planned GFA of approximately 20.0 million sq.m., which is sufficient to meet the Group s development needs in the next five years.
On 28 April 2010 and 20 December 2010, as part of the Group s business strategy to expand its funding channels, the Company issued 13.5 per cent. 5-year senior notes in the aggregate principal amount of US$350 million ( Senior Notes ), and 8 per cent. USD settled 5-year convertible bonds in the aggregate amount of RMB1.5 billion, respectively. In November 2010 and March 2011, the Group was granted a 3-year and a 5-year unsecured bank loan of USD39 million and USD60 million, respectively. On 19 January 2011, the Company has entered into a subscription agreement for an issue of RMB2.0 billion USD settled 8.5 per cent. bonds due 2014. The debt issuance in the international capital market and offshore credit facilities have not only diversified the Group s funding channels, but also significantly improved the Group s debt maturity profile. This will provide strong support for the Group s long term business 
Despite the unfavorable impact of the austerity measures that led to short-term volatility in China s property market in 2010, we believe that the consumption power and housing demand in China will remain robust in the long run. The tightening policy introduced by the Central Government will not only speed up the consolidation of the industry, strengthen the market mechanism that weeds out the weak and keeps the strong, but is conducive to the healthy development of the whole industry on a longer term and create a better business environment for competent developers. Meanwhile, we will also leverage on our competitiveness in the area of redevelopment and brand reputation, and continue to offer high quality value-for- money products to our customers. With our diversified property portfolio, quality land reserve and sound financials, the Group is well positioned to capture the long-term growth of the property sector, and is ready to grow on a nationwide scale, aiming to become a leading national property developer.

Thanks to the enormous support from all of our stakeholders and the concerted efforts of all our staff members, Kaisa has been growing on a fast track. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to all the shareholders of the Company, investors, strategic business partners and customers for their trust and support. Upholding the spirit enshrined in our motto Kaisa, bring you joyful living , we will keep up with our strenuous efforts and strive to achieve the best returns to our shareholders.
KWOK Ying Shing 
Hong Kong, 10 March 2011 
