CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”) of Kaisa Group Holdings Ltd. (“Kaisa” or the “Company”, together with
its subsidiaries, the “Group”), I hereby present to you the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December
2016 (the “Year”) together with the comparative figures for the previous year.
Once again, on behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our sincerest and utmost
appreciation to all the shareholders of the Company, investors, business partners and other stakeholders for their
patience and continued support to the Company despite the suspension of trading in the shares of the Company
(the “Shares”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) since 31 March 2015. For the
resumption progress, please refer to the section headed “Resumption Progress” in the Report of the Directors.
RESULTS AND DIVIDEND
For the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group’s turnover and gross profit grew significantly by approximately 62.6% and 573.3% to approximately
RMB17,771.5 million and RMB2,312.0 million, respectively, as compared to 2015. Loss for the year attributable to equity holders of the Company and
basic loss per share were approximately RMB612.4 million and RMB11.9 cents, respectively, as compared with RMB1,121.6 million and RMB21.8 cents
in 2015.
The Board does not recommend payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2016 (2015: nil).
BUSINESS REVIEW
In 2016, the real estate market in China experienced a progressively tightening trend with most of the cities putting inventory clearance and provision
of support to owner-occupier housing demand on their top priorities during the first three quarters, with only a few hot-spot cities preserved their
tightening policies. However, following the introduction of extensive adjustments in 22 cities since 30 September 2016, austerity measures, such as
purchase and loan restrictions, spread among hot-spot cities, calling increases in transaction volume and prices to a halt in the fourth quarter of 2016.
According to the data from the National Bureau of Statistics, commodity properties saw GFA sold reached 1.573 billion sq.m. in 2016, representing a
year-on-year growth of 22.5% and transaction value aggregated RMB11.76 trillion, representing a year-on-year growth of 34.8%. While both the GFA
sold and aggregated transaction value hit new records, commercial banks started tightening their residential mortgage lending since the fourth quarter
in 2016.
In view of this, the Group actively facilitated negotiation of its onshore debts and restructuring of its offshore debts to lift of blockages and re-launching
of projects for sale in major cities to unleash sales momentum on one hand, while adjusted its pace of sales and launching schedule of new projects/
phases based on the respective market conditions in different cities on the other. Reaping benefits from its success in implementation of development
strategies in the first tier cities and key second tier cities, the Group achieved contracted sales of approximately RMB29.8 billion for the year ended 31
December 2016, hitting a record high. In particular, sales from Pearl River Delta contributed to nearly 50% of the total contracted sales. According to
the “2016 TOP 200 Real Estate Enterprise Property Developers” jointly compiled by China Real Estate Information Corporation and China Real Estate
Appraisal Center, Kaisa ranked 46th in terms of contracted sales amount.
With respect to land acquisitions, during the Year, the Group acquired land parcels in Shenzhen, Wuhan, Chongqing and Huizhou through public tender,
merger and acquisition, cooperative development to deliberately replenish its land bank. Leveraging its strengths in urban re-development accumulated
over the years, the Group facilitated supply of land through re-development projects including Shenzhen Pinghu old town project, Shenzhen Argent
Project, Shenzhen Yantian project and Zhuhai Wanzhai project. These will in turn provide high quality land bank to support the Group’s sustainable
development at low costs. As at 31 December 2016, approximately 80% of the Group’s 21 million sq.m. land bank was located in the first tier cities and
key second tier cities, laying a solid foundation for the Group’s future development.
While principally engaged in real estate development, the Group has also been selectively participating in other operations such as culture and
sports. The Group believes that these operations will provide Kaisa’s existing and potential customers a wide range of ancillary services and premium
experiences, and would lift their recognition and loyalty towards Kaisa’s brand. In the long run, such operating strategy will strengthen the Group’s
competitiveness in acquiring land resources and help the Group upscale the industrial ecosystem and lengthen the industrial chain, which in turn will
create new profit growth drivers for the Group amid intensive competition, enabling the Group to achieve sustainable development.
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND FINANCING
In response to potential risks brought about by the slowdown of macro-economy, during the Year, the Group adhered to the “cash is king” principle and
accelerated collection of sales proceeds in order to increase cash in hand, and strived to explore various financing channels with a view to lowering its
finance costs and improving its debt structure.
In recognition of the Group’s business model and development strengths by the capital market, the Group successfully entered into strategic cooperation
agreements with well-known financial institutions including China Citic Bank and Ping An Bank, which have provided solid capital support for the Group
to restore its rapid development.
INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Group endeavours to maintaining effective communications with its shareholders and investors through regulatory filings, announcements and
meetings, in order to keep them updated with the Company’s recent developments. The Group values inputs from investors and reviews its operational
and financial management from time to time.
PROSPECTS
Looking forward in 2017, China’s economic growth is expected to stabilise further as compared to 2016. The increases in the overall transaction volume
and prices in the real estate market are expected to slow down, while the relaxed credit policy and environment will also be tightened. Despite these,
the Central government will focus on supply-side structural reforms to stimulate demands modestly and the general direction to pursue reforms will stay
intact. These will lay a solid foundation for the healthy and long-term development of the domestic real estate market.
The Group will continue to penetrate first tier cities and key second tier cities. Through a prudent layout of land reserves across the country, as well as
reasonable allocation of sales resources based on the prevailing market conditions, the Group aims to accelerate project turnover cycles and maximise
profitability. In terms of financial management and control, the Group will strengthen its cash flow management, increase efficiency of usage of funds,
actively widen its financing channels, lower its finance costs and optimise its debt structure.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
The Board will continue to mitigate the negative impact and implement measures to manage any operational and reputational risks of the Group, and
realise and enhance core strengths of the Group for its sustainable development.
I would like to take this opportunity to extend my sincerest gratitude to all of our shareholders for their enormous support on us. Our staff members have
been serving the Group with their most dedicated efforts that, when coupled with support from our business partners and creditors, have fueled our
courage and resilience to work with the relevant authorities and parties to resolve the whole situation surrounding us. On behalf of the Board, I would
like to express my wholehearted tribute to all shareholders of the Company, investors, business partners and customers.
KWOK Ying Shing
Chairman
Hong Kong, 25 March 2017