Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of Kaisa Group Holdings Ltd. ( Kaisa or the Group ), I am pleased to present to you the first annual report of Kaisa and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the Group ) since its successful listing on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) on 9 December 2009 (the Listing Date ).
2009 marked a milestone for the history of development of Kaisa. In addition to the celebration of the 10th anniversary, with the support of our shareholders and the proven track record, the Group was successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. This demonstrates recognition of the Group s achievement by both the international capital market and Hong Kong investors, as well as their endorsement of the Group s business model, product positioning, management and execution capability, and prospects for future growth.
Further, the Group was awarded 2009 Top 10 Valuable Real Estate Brand in Southern China Region (2009t-N WWS@S W?b0W"uTLrP<PTOP10) for the third consecutive year. All these have brought Kaisa to a new glorious era in its course 
The joint efforts of the management and the staff delivered an outstanding results for the year. During the period under review, contracted sales areas amounted to approximately 688,100 sq. m. while contracted sales were in excess of RMB6.0 billion, representing a growth of 102% and 114% over the corresponding period of last year respectively. In 2009, the Group recorded a turnover of RMB4.67 billion, representing an increase of 50.2% as compared to that of last year. Profit attributable to equity holders amounted to RMB548 million, representing an increase of 9.4% as compared to that of last year and was 1.9% higher than the forecast figure of RMB538 million as published in the listing prospectus. Net debt to equity was 42.5% as at 31 December 2009, down from 184% as at 31 December 2008.
The Group has presence in 10 core cities in five economic zones in the PRC, namely the Pearl River Delta, Yangtze River Delta, Pan-Bohai Rim, Chengdu-Chongqing region and Central China region, paving the way for a nationwide 
expansion. With substantial experience gained in developing 33 projects, the Group is getting more competitive in business operation and brand building. The Group had a total land bank of more than 12.6 million sq. m., which is sufficient for the Group s development needs for the next five years. During the year under review, the Group continued to replenish land reserve at low cost while optimizing its land bank portfolio, and further consolidated its strategic presence in Yangtze River Delta and Pan-Bohai Rim through acquisition of plots of land in Jiangyin and Shenyang.
In December 2009, the Group entered into a strategic alliance framework agreement with Sino Life Insurance Co., Ltd. to jointly explore investment opportunities in commercial properties over a period of five years.
Such cooperation will take in the form of leasing, sales and purchase, trust financing, etc. This strategic alliance is the first and an important cooperation agreement of the Group after its listing, as well as a major strategic move for Sino Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
following the promulgation of the amendment of the Insurance Law of the People s Republic of China (-NNlqQT WOl) on 1 October 2009, allowing PRC insurance companies making investment in the real estate sector. The formation of such alliance will enable the Group to expand its funding channels. It will not only enhance Kaisa s capability in acquiring high-quality projects, but the parties will also benefit from the synergies in the operation of commercial properties and in fund raising, contributing to the Group s long-term and healthy development.
Another important strategic alliance was also established subsequent to the year under review. In March 2010, the Group entered into a strategic alliance framework agreement with HNA Property Holdings (Group) Co., Ltd.to examine the feasibility on the joint development of high-quality property projects in the PRC, including, but not limited to, investment properties such as commercial properties, offices and resort developments, and residential properties such as high-end residential properties and serviced apartments. We will also explore the possibility of cooperation in the areas of financing 
The volatility of the PRC property market in 2009 was beyond anyone s expectation. In respond to the overwhelming negative sentiment caused by the global financial crisis in the beginning of the year, the central government of PRC introduced an economic stimulus package, while implementing a loose monetary policy. In addition, the Government introduced supportive measures for the property sector, leading to a strong recovery of buyer s confidence in the second half of the year. On a nationwide scale, the trading volume and amount of commodity housing units even reached a record high during the year.
Following the rapid growth in 2009, a polarization phenomenon in the sector is emerging. Leading enterprises are gaining leverage in land acquisition and in funding.
Subsequent to the strong recovery in the sector, developers are now facing the austerity measures Different treatments to support and suppress as appropriate , introduced by the Government at the end of 2009 to curb the speculative investment and the irrational surge in the property price. Nonetheless, the ultimate aim is to promote the healthy growth and development of the property sector of the PRC on a long term basis. At the same time, the Government proposes to expedite urbanization, putting particular focus on the development of small- and medium- sized cities and townships, bringing more business opportunities in the second- and third-tier cities. Along with strong economic growth, there is ample opportunities for the PRC property market.
With its sound vision, back in 2004, the Group realized that with the rapid growth in the Pear River Delta, the land resources would be scarce, and the local government would learn from the experience of Hong Kong on redevelopment to improve city planning and increase land supply. As such, the Group embarked on active participation in relevant redevelopment projects in 2004. Successes were gained on Woodland Height Phase 8 and replication of redevelopment projects like the now well-received Jincui Garden project was achieved. These years of practice and exploration allow the Group to enrich its experience and professionalism in the sector. As of 31 December 2009, the site area of redevelopment projects within the Pearl River Delta for which the Group had entered into contractual arrangements was approximately 4.2 million sq. m.

In 2009, the Group s focus on urban redevelopment was benefited under a series of favorable factors. On 25 August 2009, Guangdong provincial government promulgated the notice on Opinions Regarding Promoting the Redevelopment of Three Olds and Facilitating Land Usage and Consolidation 
]9e O2{}}(u0Wvra 0), followed by Shenzhen Government s introduction of Urban Renewal Plan of Shenzhen ( 0m3WWfel 0). The introduction of these two policies provides new impetus for the Group s redevelopment business in Guangdong Province, and Shenzhen in particular, as well as strong and powerful 
With a diversified property portfolio, quality land reserve and sound financials, the Group is well-positioned to capture the long-term growth of the property sector.
Being a pillar industry, the property sector plays a pivotal and unparallel role in the economic development of the PRC in this long-lasting urbanization process. We therefore are confident of the long-term development of the property market. As an up-and-coming player in the industry, Kaisa is now into its second decade of development. Poised to remain its strong momentum of highly-efficient operations and rapid growth, the Group is ready to move forward to grow on a more nationwide scale, aiming to become a leading national 
Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express gratitude to all shareholders, cornerstone investors and business partners for their trust and support over the past year. We also thank every member of our staff for their diligence and dedication in working towards the Group s fruitful results of operation. Upholding the spirit enshrined in our motto Kaisa Group, bring you joyful living , we will keep up with our strenuous efforts and continue to be innovative to create fine living environment for our customers, and will strive to achieve the best returns to our shareholders.
KWOK Ying Shing 
Hong Kong, 18 March 2010 
