Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of Kaisa Group Holdings Ltd. ( Kaisa or the Company , together with its subsidiaries referred to as the Group ), I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2011.
For the year ended 31 December 2011, the Group s turnover and gross profit reached approximately RMB10,834.7 million and RMB3,233.5 million, representing growth of 39.7% and 7.4% over those of 2010, respectively. Profit attributable to shareholders and basic earnings per share amounted to RMB1,901.0 million and RMB38.8 cents, representing a decrease of 47.7% and 47.4% as compared to those of 2010, respectively.

In 2011, the Central Government (the Central Government ) of the People s Republic of China (the PRC or China ) continued its tightening policy to tackle the inflationary pressure, including raising the reserve ratio requirement for banks to historical level of 21.5% and also raising the benchmark lending rates three consecutive times.
On the property sector, the Central Government continued to introduce an array of austerity measures to curb the housing price, including the local governments to set and announce a specific annual price increase target for new flats in their respective cities, the increase of minimum down payment ratio for second homes from the previous 50% to 60%, the introduction of purchase restriction for second homes in all major cities, provincial capital cities and certain lower tier cities, and the imposition of a price cap for new flats in some cities. The Central Government also reiterated its commitments to building more public housing. These measures have been imposing severe challenges on property developers. As a result, first-tier cities and affluent second-tier cities recorded a decline in housing price, as well as in transaction volume, such trend was more 
prominent in the fourth quarter of 2011. Further, the deteriorated credit environment caused by the eurozone sovereign debt crisis, and monetary tightening in the PRC, including the prolonged lag in mortgage disbursements from local banks and limited availability of construction loans, exacerbated property developers liquidity and 
Despite the challenging operating environment, the Group successfully executed asset-turnover business model to capture the robust mass market housing demand. The Group achieved RMB15.3 billion of contracted sales, representing an increase of 51.5% year-on-year. In January 2012, Kaisa was ranked 12th in terms of gross floor area ( GFA ) sold according to Top 50 Real Estate Enterprise Property Developers by Sales in 2011 jointly compiled and issued by China Real Estate Information Corporation (NASDAQ:CRIC; CRIC ) and China Real Estate Appraisal Center, and was ranked number two both in terms of GFA sold and number of units sold in Chengdu according to statistics compiled by CRIC.

In addition, the Group continued to expand its land bank as part of its efforts to achieve geographical diversification and nationwide expansion to tap into second- and third-tier cities, including sites in Zhuhai, Dongguan and Foshan in the Pearl River Delta region, Hangzhou and Jiangyin in the Yangtze River Delta region, Changsha and Wuhan in the Central China region, and Benxi, Anshan, Weifang, Huludao, Liaoyang and Panjin in the Pan-Bohai Bay Rim. The robust housing demand in the second and third-tier cities are typically driven by end-users and upgraders. In 2011, the Group acquired high-quality land reserves of maximum planned GFA of approximately 4.9 million sq.m., with total consideration of approximately RMB5.9 billion. As at 31 December 2011, the Group had a total of 59 projects located in 24 cities in the PRC and had a land bank with total planned GFA of approximately 23.7 million sq.m., which is sufficient to meet the Group s development needs in the next five years.

The Group has been able to maintain its competitiveness and consolidate its market position in the Pearl River Delta region. In March 2011, Shenzhen Municipal Government announced its 60 landmark projects in response to the Central Government s 12th Five-Year Plan. The projects are divided into 12 categories including, amongst others, infrastructure, environmental, education, urban redevelopment and signature development. Included in the 60 landmark projects are three of the Group s projects resettlement and redevelopment projects of three old villages in Yantian and Shenzhen Kaisa City Plaza (previously known as Boji Project ), and a trophy commercial project Shenzhen Kaisa Global Center (previously known as Fenglong Project ) in the heart of Shenzhen s CBD. Leveraging its experience and brand in redevelopment projects and in realizing the potential value of distressed assets, Kaisa will be able to further solidify its leading position in 
We have made significant progress in redevelopment projects. In March 2011, primarily due to Kaisa s established track record and execution capabilities in urban redevelopment, the Group was the winning bidder in a tender for resettlement and redevelopment of three villages located in Yantian District, Shenzhen, with an aggregate GFA of approximately 1.1 million sq.m..
In June 2011, we were granted the approval of the urban development plans of the Shenzhen Kaisa City Plaza and Dapeng project by the Shenzhen Municipal Government, with GFA of approximately 1.3 million sq.m. and 141,000 
DEVELOPMENT AND FINANCING 
The Group will continue to adopt a flexible yet prudent policy to cope with market and policy changes, including making appropriate adjustments in future development plans, product mix, sales and marketing strategies in accordance with the prevailing market conditions and product demand in different markets. To provide further buffer for the Group s business expansion in the credit tightening environment, on 15 March 2011 and 14 June 2011, the Company successfully issued RMB2 billion USD settled 8.5% bonds due 2014 and USD300 million 13.5% senior notes due 2015, respectively. In 2011, the Group 
was also granted unsecured bank loans in Hong Kong with an aggregate amount of approximately USD117.5 million. The above financing arrangements affirmed the Group s capability to secure the required funding by leveraging the capital market in order to support its long term 
The Company strives to achieve a high standard of corporate governance and is devoted to maintaining a timely and effective communication with its shareholders and investors through various means, including the distribution of interim and annual reports, press releases and monthly newsletters, as well as the published announcements, so as to keep shareholders and investors well informed of the Group s latest information including development strategies, sales performance, operation management and financial condition. In the mean time, the Group also strives to maintain an appropriate degree of corporate transparency, while strengthening the relationship with investors through a variety of investor relations activities and collection of constructive opinions from the public.

Despite the unfavorable impact arising from the eurozone debt crisis and global economic uncertainty, the Chinese economy remains resilient and reported steady GDP growth for 2011. The austerity measures are gradually taking positive effect on the economy as the latest CPI figures are showing good sign of control of inflation. Further, there are signs of stabilization of measures in the property sector, including banks extending favorable mortgage rate to first time home buyers in early 2012 and prompt disbursement of mortgage financing. The two cuts in reserve requirement ratio since November 2011 may also improve the overall liquidity gradually. Nonetheless, we believe in the long run, the property sector will continue to benefit from increase in domestic consumption as well as the end-user demand driven by 
With the continuing improvement and expansion of the metro network, Shenzhen s public transportation has entered into a new era.
Moreover, the commute time between cities within and beyond the Pearl River Delta region has been significantly shortened due to successive completion of the inter-city high speed rails, including the Guangzhou-Shenzhen section.
The Group has approximately 10.5 million sq.m.
of GFA in the Pearl River Delta region, Kaisa is 
therefore well positioned to capture the housing demand generated from the improvement in infrastructure. While we will continue to leverage our brand and our expertise to unlock the value of our pipeline for redevelopment projects, we will cautiously implement the asset-turnover business model, aiming to become a leading national 
Thanks to the enormous support from all of our stakeholders and the ardent efforts of all our staff members who have made invaluable contributions during the year, Kaisa has been growing on a steady pace. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my wholehearted gratitude to all the shareholders of the Company, investors, business partners and customers for their trust and support. Upholding the spirit enshrined in our motto Kaisa, bring you joyful living , we will make every endeavor to maximise values and generate greatest returns for our shareholders and investors.
KWOK Ying Shing 
Hong Kong, 19 March 2012 
