Chairman s Statement On behalf of the board of directors ( the Board ) of China South City Holdings Limited (the Company ), together with its subsidiaries ( China South City or the Group ), I report herewith the audited consolidated annual results of the Group for the fiscal year ended 31 March 2016 ( FY201516 or the Year ).
Results and Dividend The past fiscal year was challenging for the Group with the emergence of a number of harsher-than-expected changes in the operating environment. The Central government persevered with its structural reforms to steer the economy towards a more efficient and sustainable development model. As China s economy continued to undergo structural adjustment to a New Normal , its gross domestic product ( GDP ) growth slid to 6.7% in the first quarter of 2016, the weakest in a quarter century, while China s foreign trade in 2015 saw total export and import volumes fall 7% against the background of a slowing economy and lackluster global demand. The Group s property sales segment was adversely affected in face of such market challenges.
In response to the adverse market environment, the Group has leveraged its flexible yet unique business model to adjust its business strategy. It continued to strengthen its ancillary facilities and services which generate recurring income to balance out the weakness in the sales of its trade center units. During the Year, the Group s Contracted Sales dropped 41.5% to HK$6,628.1 million (FY201415: HK$11,321.1 million), while its recurring income grew by 28.7% to HK$1,420.6 million (FY201415: 
The Group recorded revenue of HK$6,136.3 million (FY201415: HK$9,757.8 million) for the Year. Net profit attributable to owners of the parent was HK$3,537.0 million (FY201415: HK$3,727.9 million). Core net profit attributable to owners of the parent (being net profit attributable to owners of the parent excluding fair value gains on investment properties and related tax effects and fair value gain on derivative financial instrument) was HK$1,205.8 million (FY201415: HK$1,854.3 million).
Basic earnings per share was HK44.22 cents (FY201415: HK48.73 cents).
The Board proposed a final dividend of HK5 cents per share for FY201516 (FY201415: HK14 cents per share), subject to shareholders approval at the Company s forthcoming Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) to be held on 22 August 2016.
Review of the Market and Operations Enduring business performance benefited from a unique and flexible business model China South City has a unique business model, with project developments spanning long economic cycles and its operations covering a diversity of business categories. Leveraging the diversified and flexible business model, the Group strives to mitigate the impact arising from the cyclical fluctuations as the economy shifted towards the New Normal . During the Year, despite the sales of trade center units being affected by the overall economic environment and the delay of the relocation activities, growth in recurring income were encouraging.
During the Year, the Central government introduced measures to reduce the housing inventory and promote rational consumption, along with easing monetary policies. These measures have led to positive development in the residential property market. Under this context, the Group kept pace with market changes and launched more residential properties. As a result, sales of residential properties as percentage of total Contracted Sales increased from 22.6% in FY201415 to 35.0% in 
To align with the Central government s efforts on developing an efficient economy, the Group further tapped the strengths of its fourth-generation integrated logistics and trading platform by offering comprehensive value- added services to SMEs operating within China South City s projects.
These services, namely E-commerce, logistics and warehousing services, property management, outlet operations, as well as conference and exhibition, have helped the SMEs to lower their operating costs and capture the competitive edge in the increasingly keen competition. As a result, the stable demand for the Group s ancillary facilities and services translated into a contribution of HK$1,420.6 million in recurring income, representing 23.2% of total revenue, as compared with 11.3% in 
Steady growth in recurring income for sustainable 
Recurring businesses, which include rental, property management, E-commerce, logistics and warehousing services and outlet operations, etc, have long been part of the Group s key initiatives contributing to its sustainable and long-term development. The solid performance also demonstrated the competitive advantages of the Group s fourth- generation integrated logistics and trading platform. During the Year, income from rental, property management, E-commerce, logistics and warehousing services and outlet operations achieved HK$681.3 million, HK$247.7 million, HK$202.2 million, HK$143.4 million and HK$136.9 million respectively (FY201415: HK$573.9 million, HK$133.3 million, HK$201.8 million, HK$95.8 million and HK$92.5 million respectively).
The outlet mall in CSC Shenzhen underwent rapid expansion and developed into an influential regional outlet center. Its success has proven to be a key driver of the Group s brand reputation and local awareness, while bringing steady visitor traffic to the district and significant cash flow to the Group. In view of its successful operation, the Group intends to step up its development in this business segment in the future. The Group has replicated the Shenzhen outlet model to other projects. During the Year, the outlet malls in Nanning, Nanchang, Xi an and Harbin have also recorded satisfactory results.
Internet Plus is a core strategy of the Group s fourth-generation integrated logistics and trading platform, with E-commerce services serving as key tools to help SMEs raise their competitiveness. Leveraging its B2B platform-CSC86.com and strategic cooperation with Tencent Holdings Limited ( Tencent ), the Group further strengthened its E-commerce services such as its online payment function during the Year, to facilitate transactions between buyers and sellers. Further, the trial online membership program launched was widely recognized by 
Logistics and warehousing services formed an important part of the Group s strategic resources. The Group has continued to expand its logistics and warehousing network, and has successfully positioned its projects as the potential logistics and distribution hubs in their respective regions. By becoming regional logistics hubs, the Group is able to help those SMEs operating within its projects to reduce their logistics and distribution costs and create key cost advantages. During the Year, logistics and warehousing services have generated a stable stream of 
Striving to maintain balance between business development and financial health The Group placed an emphasis on maintaining a sustainable and ample level of cash flow as part of its consistent financial management. The Group proactively adjusted its business development strategies and capital investment portfolio amid the economic transition in order to preserve liquidity while maintaining a steady momentum in business development.
During the Year, the Group maintained a sound cash position through a series of active measures, such as the increasing supply of residential properties and recurring business development. Tapping into the domestic capital market to take advantage of the easing funding environment, the Group actively expanded, diversified and optimized its funding channels in China. The Group s cash and bank balances as at 31 March 2016 increased to HK$11,686.7 million (as at 31 March 2015: HK$8,672.7 
Looking ahead, the Group s operating environment remains challenging in the short term as the pressures posed by the global economic downturn and the continued economic transition in China are set to linger. With China s positive economic fundamentals and long-term trajectory remaining unchanged, the Group maintains a cautiously optimistic business outlook in the short to medium term.
Nevertheless, favourable measures articulated by the Central government in its 13th Five-Year Plan, such as urbanization, Internet Plus and One Belt, One Road , will continue to benefit the development of the Group s fourth-generation integrated logistics and trade centers. Of these, the Central government has addressed the acceleration of shantytown renovations and formulated timetables for such programs. The upgrading and relocation of the wholesale markets is expected to become one of the main areas of focus by the government in the coming years, creating immense opportunities for the Group.
The Group will continue to pursue a flexible business model and a prudent management strategy to strengthen its future development.
With increasing revenue contributions coming from its recurring income, the Group will strive to develop a more stable and diversified mix of revenue stream in the future. The Group will continue to enhance its liquidity by promoting the growth of business segments such as outlet operations which generate higher cash flows. In addition, the Group will continue to provide quality services and upgraded facilities to strengthen the competitiveness of its tenants, creating win-win scenarios for all 
The management expects the Group to achieve an annual sales target of HK$7.5 8.5 billion for the fiscal year ended 31 March 2017 ( FY201617 ) and emphasize the development of recurring business to maintain the strong growth rate.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our valued shareholders, customers and business partners for their trust and continued support to the Group. I would also like to convey my appreciation to the management and staff for their professionalism and wholehearted commitment.
Cheng Chung Hing Co-Chairman & Executive Director Hong Kong, 27 June 2016 