CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of China South City Holdings Limited ( China South City or the Company ), together with its subsidiaries (the Group ), I am pleased to report the annual results of the Group for the fiscal year ended 31 March 2013 ( FY201213 or the Year ).
Results and Dividend The Group continued to excel in its operating performance in FY201213, during which revenue surged by 104.0% to HK$7,488.1 million (the fiscal year ended 31 March 2012 ( FY201112 ) : HK$3,670.8 million). The substantial growth in revenue was mainly attributable to the successful replication of its business model and strong execution capabilities as evidenced by the remarkable sales performance of CSC Shenzhen, CSC Nanchang, CSC Nanning and CSC Xi an. Net profit attributable to equity owners of the parent also rose by 32.8% to HK$2,749.9 million (FY201112: HK$2,070.7 million). Basic earnings per share were HK45.62 cents (FY201112: 
The Board proposed a final dividend of HK10.0 cents per share for the FY201213 (FY201112: HK7.5 cents per share), subject to shareholder approval at the Company s forthcoming annual general meeting ( AGM ) to be held on 21 August 2013.
Review of the Market and Operations Robust Growth in Revenue Backed by Successful Replication of Business Model With the aim to pursue a sustainable society, the Chinese Government has delegated the structural transformation and new urbanization strategies in the 12th National Congress and added attention to modern logistics in the 12th National Five-Year Plan, while the local governments echo to increase strategic tendency to relocate existing less equipped, single-industry wholesale markets from prime urban areas. Such favorable operational environment, along with various supportive measures, have gradually translated into solid catalysts, creating much stronger demand for integrated logistics and trade centers during the fiscal year.
As one of the leading developers and operators of large-scale, integrated logistics and trade centers in China, China South City is well positioned to capitalize on the abundant opportunities brought by the robust market demand. This, along with our dedication to our core competencies, has enabled us to deliver remarkable Contracted Sales (including property sales in finance lease) performance in FY201213, contributed by CSC Shenzhen, CSC Nanchang, CSC Nanning, CSC Xi an, CSC Harbin, and CSC Zhengzhou. For the fiscal year ended 31 March 2013, the Group recorded Contracted Sales of approximately HK$8.2 billion, up 15.5% year-on-year (FY201112: HK$7.1 billion), exceeding the Group s annual sales target of HK$8.0 billion for the Year. Excluding asset disposal effect amounted HK$894 million in FY201112, the Group s annual Contracted Sales recorded a year-on-year increase of 32.2%, demonstrating the Group s successful replication of its business model in other parts of China and its strong execution capabilities. With more projects slated for launch and to commence operation, couple with the increasing pace for urbanization in our project areas, the Group is expected to enjoy an accelerated growing trend in the coming years.
Leveraging the Group s success and experience from, and brand recognition built upon, CSC Shenzhen, the Group has been enhancing its presence in fast growing economic regions with well- developed transportation networks in a bid to achieve sustainable business growth. In April and December 2012, the Group entered into cooperative agreements for its latest projects, CSC Zhengzhou and CSC Hefei, bringing its total number of projects to seven and forming a solid project pipeline that will drive the Group s further growth. In November 2012, the Group signed an equity transfer agreement to acquire the entire equity capital of Harbin Baolitong Market Development Management Company Limited ( Baolitong , previously known as Hydoo Harbin Trade City Co., Ltd. ( Hydoo Harbin )). The transaction was completed by December 2012 and the project originally developed by Hydoo Harbin has been included in CSC Harbin and the development will be conducted by the Group thereafter. In FY201213, the Group acquired the first batch of land for both CSC Harbin and CSC Zhengzhou. The first batch of land in CSC Hefei was also successfully bid in May 2013. Phase I construction of these projects are slated to commence successively after the land acquisitions.
To support the Group s growth opportunities, China South City has strived to fortify its capital base. In September 2012, the Group signed a HK$400 million bilateral loan with The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited ( HSBC ). In October 2012, the Group completed the issuance of US$125 million senior notes. In April 2013, PAG, one of the leading alternative investment fund management groups in Asia with extensive experience in investing in the region s capital markets and property sectors, made a strategic investment of HK$975 million in the Group in the form of convertible notes, at a conversion price of HK$1.56 per new share of the Company. The new financing facilities and strategic investment demonstrate a strong vote of confidence from the capital market in the Group s excellent operations capabilities, sound business model and immense future 
Expanded Ancillary Services While further building upon its unique yet replicable One Body with Two Wings business model to serve the economic and industrial needs of the regions in which it operates, the Group continued to strengthen its five pillars of ancillary services namely (i) outlet operation and management, (ii) e-commerce platforms, (iii) one-stop logistics services with warehousing, delivery and freight forwarding, (iv) property management and (v) convention and exhibition services that complement its core business of developing and operating integrated logistics and trade centers during the Year with the aim of establishing a self-sustaining business operations model.
Highlights of the Group s relentless efforts in enhancing its ancillary services last year include the offering of over 100 brands at the outlet center of CSC Shenzhen. The Group also planned to have outlet centers launched at CSC Nanning, CSC Nanchang and CSC Xi an for the fiscal year ending 31 March 2014 ( FY201314 ).
Aiming to allow the Group s trade center tenants to better promote their online wholesale and retail trade, China South City has also commenced the revamp of its e-commerce platforms to better meet the evolving market needs.
The Group is also committed to offering well-equipped supply-chain services. Meanwhile, the Group is also upgrading the warehouse facilities and freight forward market at CSC Shenzhen. To cope with the upcoming operation schedule, the construction, design and planning of the logistics facilities of other projects are also in the 
In addition, the Group continues to capitalize on its non-stop exhibition platform to promote trade in a joint effort with local governments. In June 2012, the Group led a delegation to participate in the China Harbin International Economic and Trade Fair to assist its tenants and merchants in promoting their businesses. The China (Shenzhen) International Industrial Fair ( Industrial Fair ) and 2012 Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan Commodity Fair at CSC Shenzhen and the China-ASEAN Light Industrial Products Fair ( Light Industrial Fair ) at CSC Nanning were successfully held in FY201213. In addition, the 2013 Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan Commodity Fair has its first time been held at CSC Nanchang in April 2013, which was also the first municipal event held at our Nanchang project. By raising its profile through these events, the Group is poised to enhance its brand recognition, display the strengths of its projects, and expand its customer base and network with domestic and international 
Looking forward, the growth momentum of China s economy is expected to sustain as driven by the infrastructure investment and resilient internal demand. The Group remains optimistic about the long-term development of integrated logistics and trade centers in China, given the Chinese Government s structural transformation and new urbanization strategies promulgated in the 12th National Congress , the greater attention to modern logistics in the 12th National Five-Year Plan, coupled with the local governments strategy to relocate existing wholesale markets from prime urban areas.
Leveraging the Group s unique business model, proven operational capabilities and solid project pipelines, China South City is poised to capture the enormous market opportunities. The Group is optimistic about meeting its annual sales target of HK$11.0 billion by the end of FY201314. With the support of its strong financial position and healthy cash flow, the Group will prudently continue to identify further investment opportunities with an aim to bring greater value to its 
Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our valued shareholders, customers and business partners for their trust and unwavering support. I would also like to thank our management and staff for their professionalism and wholehearted commitment.
Cheng Chung Hing Co-Chairman & Executive Director Hong Kong, 24 June 2013 