Chairman s Statement I am pleased to report the first annual results of China South City Holdings Limited after its successful listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 30 
Cheng Chung Hing -g Co-Chairman & Executive Director On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of China South City Holdings Limited, I am pleased to present the first annual report of the Group since its successful listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 30 September 2009.
The successful listing of the Company s shares on the Stock Exchange is a milestone to the Group as it demonstrates recognition of the Group s achievement as well as support of the Group s unique business model and prospects for future growth by the international capital market and investors. The listing of the Company also has broadened our shareholder base and enhanced our ability to access a wider source of financing for the Group s 
Results and Dividends The Group recorded an outstanding result in its financial performance for the financial year ended 31 March 2010. The revenue rose significantly by 599.7% to HK$1,570.2 million (2009: HK$224.4 million) while the profit for the year increased by 76.2% to HK$1,327.6 million (2009: HK$753.6 million) as compared to last fiscal year. Basic earnings per share were HK25.32 cents (2009: 
The Board proposed a final dividend of HK2 cents per share for the year ended 31 March 2010, subject to shareholders approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.
Market and Operation Review The economy of China was still negatively impacted by the global financial crisis in the beginning of the year. In response to this overwhelming negative sentiment, the Chinese government launched the RMB4 trillion stimulus package, together with a more loose monetary policy and the Chinese economy began to pick up in the second half of 2009. The momentum of recovery of the economy can be recognized by the increase in visitors and vehicle traffic to CSC Shenzhen in the second half of 2009. Upon completion of CSC Shenzhen Phase Two Trade Plaza Two and Trade Plaza One (formerly named as Phase Two Textile and Clothing Trade Center, and Phase Two Leather and Accessories Trade Center) in March 2009 and October 2009 respectively, we have launched the trade center units for lease and for sale last year. For leasing, we have leased about 25% of the total rentable areas launched in June 2010. In addition, the total occupancy rate of Phase One trade center is about a respectable 82%. During the year under review, the Group has entered into sales contracts and letters of intent for GFA of approximately 110,000 sq.m. of Phase Two trade centers units while approximately 98,000 sq.m. are contracted for and booked in the income statement for the year under review, which amounted to HK$1,408.1 million, representing a growth of 1,978.1% over last year. This better-than-expected operating performance is a powerful testament to the success of the Group s business model and a huge boost to us to push ahead with the new projects that are underway.
Last year, the Group made a remarkable progress in new projects development to replicate the unique and proven business model to develop and operate large-scale integrated logistics and trade centers of China South City across China. In June 2009, we obtained a parcel of land of approximately 487,000 sq.m. in Heyuan. In October and December 2009, the Group successfully acquired the first batches of land, measuring approximately 890,000 sq.m. and 1.05 million sq.m. in Nanning and Nanchang respectively. Construction of projects in Heyuan, Nanning and Nanchang have already been commenced. In addition, we entered into an agreement to form a joint venture in November 2009 to bring in an operating partner, Xin Hao Da (Hong Kong) Holding Co. Ltd ( Xin Hao Da ), to jointly develop a substantial project in 
All these projects are strategically located in the second-and-third- tier cities where urbanization of those cities has huge effect to drive economic growth and to capture the growth opportunities in these regions. Our Nanning project aims to serve the Northern Bay region which includes most of the ASEAN countries; the Nanchang project is strategically located to serve the Yangtze River Delta and Pan Pearl River Delta regions as more and more manufacturers in coastal areas are moving inland to Central China; whilst the Xi an is the focus of a government-led development plan for Western China. We expect these projects will develop into major growth drivers for the Group in the coming years.

Looking ahead, we expect the rapid development and expansion of our business to continue in the coming few years. We remain as optimistic as ever about the leasing and sales of the trade centers as well as the supporting facilities of CSC Shenzhen and those of the new projects. The Group will actively deploy its resources to build a bigger business platform and a diversified property portfolio to drive a sustainable growth. We aim to move forward and grow on a more nationwide scale.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders, customers and business partners for their trust and unwavering support and to the management and staff for their professionalism and dedication.
CHENG CHUNG HING Co-Chairman & Executive Director Hong Kong, 13 July 2010 