Chairman’s Statement

On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”) of China South
City Holdings Limited (“China South City” or the “Company”),
together with its subsidiaries (the “Group”) , I am pleased to
report the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31
March 2011.
Results and Dividend
The Group achieved remarkable financial performance in FY2011.
Total revenue rose by 42.3% year-on-year from approximately
HK$1,570.2 million to approximately HK$2,234.0 million. Profit
attributable to owners of the parent increased by 16.8% year-
on-year from approximately HK$1,329.6 million to approximately
HK$1,552.5 million. Basic earnings per share were HK25.95 cents
(fiscal year 2010 (“FY2010”): HK25.32 cents).
The Board proposed a final dividend of HK2.5 cents per share for
the year ended 31 March 2011 (FY2010: HK2.0 cents per share),
subject to shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming annual
general meeting of the Company.
Review
During the year under review, China’s economy as a whole
continued to maintain its strong growth momentum. With this
robust economic growth and the effective implementation of
government policies and measures aimed at stimulating domestic
demand, the consumer markets and business environment

throughout the country were invigorated, creating a favorable
market condition for the Group’s integrated logistics and trade
center business. In addition, the tightening property control
measures launched by the government have also created an
environment beneficial to the sales of trade center units.
For fiscal year 2011, CSC Shenzhen continued to have
outstanding performance, enjoying both high occupancy rates
and strong trade center units sales. During the year under
review, the Group entered into sales contracts and letters of
intent for trade center units for a total gross floor area (“GFA”)
of approximately 94,000 sq.m., of which approximately 85,600
sq.m. (FY2010: approximately 98,000 sq.m.) were contracted
for and included in the income statement for the year under
review. There was also solid growth in the selling prices of trade
center units, with the average selling price reaching HK$16,750
per sq.m., equivalent to an increase of 11.7% compared to that
of last year (FY2010: approximately HK$15,000 per sq.m.). In
light of revenue contribution from CSC Heyuan, and the limited
saleable trade center units in CSC Shenzhen, the Group reduced
the sales quantity of trade center units during the year under
review so as to keep the properties for future price appreciation.
The occupancy rates of trade center units also increased during
the year under review. The total occupancy rate of the phase
I trade centers and shops increased from 82% to 86%, while
that of the phase II trade centers and shops which have been

launched rose from 25% to 36%. Meanwhile, the average
effective monthly rental rates recorded an increase of 15.7% to
HK$32 per sq.m. for the phase I trade center units and shops
during the year under review. The phase II trade center units and
shops were leased at approximately HK$34 per sq.m..
CSC Shenzhen’s new office tower attained a very high occupancy
rate of approximately 96% shortly after its completion in the
fiscal year under review. In response to the strong demand for
quality office spaces at CSC Shenzhen, the Group is building
another office tower with GFA of 52,000 sq.m., the construction
of which is expected to be completed in the first quarter of
2012. To complement the development of CSC Shenzhen, the
Group plans to start building CSC Shenzhen’s phase III trade
centers with GFA of approximately 785,000 sq.m. in the coming
fiscal year.
Building on the comprehensive planning and strong project
management capability as well as the wealth of experience
gained from successfully developing CSC Shenzhen, the Group’s
new projects in Heyuan, Nanning, Nanchang and Xi’an all made
concrete progress during the year under review and are largely
on track to support the Group’s sustained business growth
momentum in the coming years.
The construction plan of phase I and part of phase II to build
approximately 223,000 sq.m. villas at CSC Heyuan is progressing
well, and a GFA of around 80,000 sq.m. had already been
completed during the year under review. The villa apartments
were launched for sale in mid January 2011. The sale was met
with a very positive response, achieving contracted sales of
approximately 50,200 sq.m. at a selling price of approximately
HK$9,990 per sq.m..
In CSC Nanning and CSC Nanchang, the phase I of the
construction plan for trade center units and residential properties
cover a total GFA of approximately 1.31 million sq.m. and
1.07 million sq.m., respectively, a substantial part of which is
scheduled to be completed for sale or lease in the coming fiscal
year. The exhibition center at CSC Nanning was completed in
October 2010 in time to host the “2010 China-ASEAN Light
Industrial Products Fair” (the “Fair”) later that month. The Fair
attracted more than 365 exhibitors and over 335,000 visitor
counts, by which we believe it will help promote CSC Nanning.

In CSC Xi’an, where the Group has ambitious plans to develop
a total site area of approximately 10 million sq.m., planning
and preparation work were implemented during the year under
review to help speed up the pace of development, in anticipation
of a strong demand for trade center units as a result of the
redevelopment of the old town in Xi’an. The Group obtained
approximately 279,000 sq.m. of land in May 2011 and expects
to secure more land for this project in the coming fiscal year.
Construction of the project has been commenced aimed at
selling the trade center units in the coming fiscal year.
In January 2011, the Company issued senior notes due in January
2016 with a nominal value of US$250 million (equivalent to
approximately HK$1,950 million) at a coupon rate of 13.5% per
annum for the purpose of financing existing and new projects
and for general corporate use. The successful issuance of the
senior notes not only broadened the financing channel of the
Group but also proved the business model of the Group has
been well recognized by the capital market. Having the senior
notes issued, the Group has its cash and liquidity positions
been strengthened and debt profile improved with longer debt
maturity.
Prospects
Looking ahead to the coming fiscal year, the Group is optimistic
about China’s economic growth as the country embarks on the
first year of its “Twelfth Five-Year Plan”. Continued government
investment and consumer spending are expected to support
the strong industrial growth, resulting in consistent and solid
demand for large-scale logistics and trade center facilities. As
the integrated logistics industry is an industry supported by the
“Twelfth Five-Year Plan”, there should be more opportunities for
the Group to expand its business.
With the current construction underway in CSC Shenzhen,
CSC Heyuan, CSC Nanning, CSC Nanchang and CSC Xi’an, the
Group is expecting to complete not less than 2.0 million sq.m.
of properties in the coming fiscal year. Among these completed
properties, the Group intends to sell part of the properties to
attain a sale revenue of approximately HK$7 billion to HK$9
billion in the coming fiscal year and hold the remainder for lease
and future sale. These will provide a strong foundation for the

Group to grow its revenue and profit in the coming fiscal years.
More importantly, the contributions from these new projects
will serve as a testament to the success of our business model
nationwide. When these new projects start making contributions
to the Group, China South City will consider further replicating
its business model in other strategic regions in China to help
promote the Group’s sustainable growth and create greater value
for its shareholders.
To substantiate the further replication plan, and in light of
upcoming revenue contribution from the new projects of the
Group in the coming fiscal year, the Group signed a framework
agreement to develop a large-scale integrated logistics and trade
centers with land area of approximately 10 square kilometers
in Harbin in June 2011. The Group intends to develop the
project through a joint venture which the Company expects to
own 51% interest. It is preliminary anticipated that the total
capital commitment by the joint venture to the project would be
approximately RMB2 billion (equivalent to approximately HK$2.4
billion). No commitment as to the project or the joint venture
has been made by the Group. Details of the project and the joint
venture are subject to further negotiations.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to take this
opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders,
noteholders, clients and business partners for their trust and
unwavering support. I would also like to thank the management
and staff for their professionalism and dedication.
Cheng Chung Hing
Co-Chairman & Executive Director
Hong Kong, 28 June 2011