Chairman s Statement On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of China South City Holdings Limited (the Company ), together with its subsidiaries ( China South City or the Group ), I am pleased to report the annual results of the Group for the fiscal year ended 31 March 2014 ( FY201314 or the 
Results and Dividend The Group maintained a strong growth momentum in FY201314 and continued to deliver its financial targets. During the reporting period, the Group s revenue significantly increased by 79.9% to HK$13,468.3 million (the fiscal year ended 31 March 2013 ( FY201213 ): HK$7,488.1 million). Net profit attributable to equity owners of the parent also rose by 27.1% to HK$3,494.5 million (FY201213: HK$2,749.9 million). Basic earnings per share were HK55.71 cents (FY201213: HK45.62 cents).
The Board proposed a final dividend of HK14 cents per share for FY201314 (FY201213: HK10 cents per share), subject to shareholders approval at the Company s forthcoming annual general meeting ( AGM ) to be held on 21 August 2014.
Review of the Operation Rapid Growth Driven by Successful Replication of 
As the leading large-scale integrated logistics and trade center developer and operator in China by gross floor area, the Group continued to benefit from a stable macro environment and the successful replication of China South City s business model. During the Year, the Group continued to implement its development strategy and diversify its revenue source.
During the Year, China South City had its Contracted Sales (including property sales in finance lease) reached HK$14.1 billion (FY201213: HK$8.2 billion), to which CSC Hefei and CSC Zhengzhou, two of the newest China South City projects, are the key contributors. The success of the new China South City projects was a strong reflection of its successful business model and the benefit of its diversified project portfolio.
Strong Growth in Recurring Revenue As a key corporate strategy, the Group will operate the integrated logistics and trade center projects after construction and initial sale, which ensures a prolonged period of stable return through recurring revenue generated, including but not limited to rental, property management, E-commerce, logistics and warehousing service and outlet business.
During the Year, the Group reported recurring revenue of HK$655.7 million (FY201213: HK$309.3 million), a robust growth of 112.0%. All the different areas of recurring revenue reported significant increase: rental income increased by 42.5%, logistics and warehousing service revenue increased by 176.8%, property management service income increased by 53.9% and outlet business revenue increased by 185.7%.
With the initiation of the online membership programme for its physical occupants, E-commerce income recorded HK$189.1 million (FY201213: 
The Group has always understood the opportunities coming with the modernization of Chinese urban wholesale markets. Over the past decade, the Group s success has been built upon providing a professional platform to assist SMEs in modernizing the way they conduct business. The Group will continue to play the role as service provider which is crucial to its 
E-commerce, the Heart of Future Strategy Given the increasing demand from the SMEs to conduct more businesses online, the Group believes the next step of Chinese wholesale market revolution will occur around the merger between the far-reaching online tools and tangible offline platforms. In order to capitalize on this opportunity, the Group has put E-commerce at the heart of its future strategy. One part of that strategy is assisting the SMEs operating within China South City in establishing online trading platforms. By the end of March 2014, CSC86.com, the Group s own E-commerce platform, has helped approximately 5,000 occupants set up online shops and over 1.6 million products on display. Furthermore, with the launch of CSC Zhengzhou project, the Group introduced its online service to the physical occupants and received positive response. In CSC Nanchang, the E-commerce services in trial operation help its occupants expand their business on third party online platforms. Starting from March 2014, the Group has the beta launch of its online outlet platform, offering B2C services to both the occupants and customers.

On 15 January 2014, the Group established strategic cooperation with Tencent Holdings Limited ( Tencent ) to provide value-added services to China South City s occupants. As the market leaders in their respective fields, the cooperation is capable of creating an integrated online and offline platform where millions of internet users can come in direct contact with numerous SMEs operating within China South City. The successful cooperation will be a major step towards the development of Physical + Online business eco-system.
The Group believes that bringing in Tencent to jointly achieve Physical + Online integration will expedite the upgrade of China South City s online services, allowing it to offer its occupants more effective integrated trade services. The successful integration of the Physical + Online platform will expand China South City s business eco-system, providing our SMEs with more business opportunities and greater success in a new generation of wholesale business environment powered by E-commerce tools.
Logistics, the Value of the Network Professional logistics service has long been an important value-added service to the SMEs operating within China South City. For the new generation wholesale markets powered by E-commerce tools, advanced logistics network is more valuable than ever. The Group has not only reserved substantial land bank dedicated to logistics and storage, but also extended its physical presence in eight different provinces and municipality, covering large territories from the most northerly project of CSC Harbin to the most southerly project of CSC Nanning. During the Year, the Group set up trial operation of a logistics information exchange platform in CSC Nanning, through which it wishes to realize the full value of China South City extended network.
HOBA Furnishing, Exploring Opportunities of the Growing Business Eco-system In July 2013, the Group entered into a subscription agreement to acquire 75% shareholding in HOBA Furnishing, a leading domestic furniture market operator with 8 existing large stores in operation. The Group intends to set up new HOBA stores in different China South City projects, significantly increasing HOBA s business scope. The acquisition will also help the Group extend its industries profile and expand its ancillary services to take advantage of the growing business eco-system. As China South City projects continue to grow, the Group will seek to create more synergy through further acquisitions.
Continuing Expansion of Project Portfolio The Group continued to expand its project portfolio during the Year to maintain a stable growth dynamic. In January 2014, the Group entered into framework agreements with Chongqing Government to build an integrated trade and logistics project with planned GFA of 13.5 million sq. m. in Banan District of Chongqing, through which the Group has its first footing set into China s Municipality.
In February 2014, the Group entered into an agreement to acquire the remaining 35% shareholding in CSC Xi an project, to increase the Group s holding to 100%. As of the end of March 2014, the Group owns 100% in all 8 projects it operates, maintaining a diversified project portfolio.
In March 2014, the Group also entered into a Letter of Intent with Guangzhou Government to undertake the development of an integrated trade and logistics project with planned GFA of approximately 10 million sq. m. in Guangzhou.
Prudent Financial Management The Group continues to balance between its expansion strategy and financial sustainability. As at the end of March 2014, the Group has cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash amounted to HK$12.8 billion.
The gearing ratio was 24%. During the Year, the Group received strong support from the financial market both domestically and internationally, demonstrated by the ready access of a range of financing resources including domestic and offshore bank loans, and bond issuance in the PRC and international capital markets.

Looking forward, as China is entering into a new era of economy reform where quality growth outweighs the need for quantity growth, greater emphasis will be placed on the modernization of different aspects of the economy. Outlined in the 12th National Five-Year Plan, the Government will continue to carry out urbanization and industrial upgrade throughout China. The Group believes that the current strategy to develop modern integrated logistics network and relocation of urban wholesale markets will remain a critical component of the Government s new structural reform plan. Leveraging on the Group s unique business model, proven operational capabilities and extensive cooperation experiences with local governments, China South City is poised to capture the enormous market opportunities. Furthermore, the Group will continue to strengthen the Physical + Online platform. Leveraging on its cooperation with Tencent and the opening of business in new China South City projects, the Group will seek opportunities in providing more value-added services both online 
The Group has its annual Contracted Sales target of HK$18 billion to HK$20 billion in the fiscal year ending 31 March 2015 ( FY201415 ).
Furthermore, with an increasing number of projects starts to contribute recurring revenue, steadily becoming an important growth and revenue driver, the Group s 3-year target in annual recurring revenue ranges from HK$1.5 billion to HK$2 billion.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our valued shareholders, customers and business partners for their trust and unwavering support. I would also like to thank our management and staff for their professionalism and 
Cheng Chung Hing Co-Chairman & Executive Director Hong Kong, 24 June 2014 