Chairman’s Statement
On behalf of the board of directors (“the Board”) of China South
City Holdings Limited (the “Company”), together with its subsidiaries
(“China South City” or the “Group”), I am pleased to report the audited
consolidated annual results of the Group for the fiscal year ended 31
March 2017 (“FY2016/17” or the “Year”).
Results and Dividend
The Year was again challenging in the face of constant changes in
the operating environments, but China South City responded in an
impeccable manner with considerable success. During the Year, the
Central government has continued its structural reforms that are steering
the economy positively towards a solid foundation for ensuring longterm
growth and sustainability. China’s economy remained relatively
stable despite facing continued downward pressure and global market
uncertainties. China’s gross domestic product (“GDP”) grew at 6.9% in
the first quarter of 2017, slightly faster than the government’s target of
6.5% in 2017, and China Manufacturing Purchasing Managers’ Index
(“PMI”) has maintained at 51.2 in May 2017.
Despite the fluctuations in the overall economic environment, the
Company continue to capitalize on its flexible business model to make
steady progress, achieving growth in both contracted sales and revenue.
As a number of projects gradually opening and scaling up, the Group has
adjusted its product mix and accelerated the development of residential
projects as well as ancillary facilities and services in order to cope with
the shifting demand of the market. For the Year, the Group achieved a
contracted sales growth of 30.3% to HK$8,635.7 million (FY2015/16:
HK$6,628.1 million), while revenue increased by 27.7% from HK$6,136.3
million to HK$7,838.5 million, out of which recurring income grew by
12.5% to HK$1,598.0 million (FY2015/16: HK$1,420.6 million).
Net profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by 22.2% to
HK$4,322.6 million (FY2015/16: HK$3,537.0 million) while core net profit
attributable to owners of the parent (being net profit attributable to
owners of the parent excluding fair value gains on investment properties
and related tax effects and loss on redemption of senior notes) increased
by 12.1% to HK$1,351.2 million (FY2015/16: HK$1,205.8 million). Basic
earnings per share increased to HK53.99 cents (FY2015/16: HK44.22
cents).
The Board proposed a final dividend of HK5 cents per share for FY2016/17
(FY2015/16: HK5 cents per share), subject to shareholders’ approval at the
Company’s forthcoming Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) to be held on
21 August 2017.Review of the Market and Operations
Solid performance driven by flexible business model
China South City has a diversified and flexible business model with a
portfolio of projects occupying a strategic footprint in major provincial
capitals and municipality in China. Tenants are spread over multiple
industries and the Group is able to tactically adjust its sales mix according
to the stage of development of the project and market demand in
different localities. This allows the Group to smooth-out income streams
and mitigates the impacts of cyclical fluctuations in order to ensure longterm
business sustainability. The successful replication of the Group’s
projects across geographies continues to demonstrate the merits of this
business model.
During the Year, as business activities grew along with the gradual scaling
up and improvement in infrastructure development of the Group’s existing
projects, the Group saw a strong increase in housing demand and thus
strategically stepped up its sales of residential properties. In order to take
advantage of this opportunity to augment the sales of our trade centers,
the Group has selectively increased its residential land bank in some of
our existing projects. The Group recorded a 194.4% increase in residential
properties sales in FY2016/17, accounting for 79.0% of total contracted
sales (35.0% of total contracted sales in FY2015/16).
Growing recurring income fosters greater stability
In order to build multiple sustainable earning drivers, the Group continued
to implement its strategy of ramping up its recurring businesses including
rental, property management, E-commerce, logistics and warehousing
services and outlet operations.
Revenue generated from rental, property management, E-commerce,
logistics and warehousing services and outlet operations for the Year
was HK$699.7 million, HK$288.8 million, HK$213.7 million, HK$162.0
million and HK$200.8 million respectively (FY2015/16: HK$681.3 million,
HK$247.7 million, HK$202.2 million, HK$143.4 million and HK$136.9
million respectively), with a growth of 12.5% of its recurring income
when compared to last financial year.
In view of the outlet operations, the Group launched a new outlet chain
named ATLANTIS which sells off-season affordable international luxuries
and accessories items. During the Year, a total of three ATLANTIS shops
were rolled out in Shenzhen, Nanchang and Harbin. As at 31 March
2017, the Group has seven existing outlet malls, together with three
ATLANTIS shops, occupying a total operating Gross Floor Area (“GFA”) of
approximately 321,000 sq. m.. Riding on the success to date, more new
outlet malls and ATLANTIS shops are expected to roll out in the coming
year in selective locations.
“Internet Plus” remains a core strategy of China South City’s fourthgeneration
integrated logistics and trading platform. As part of our
online-offline initiative, the Group uses E-commerce not only to improve
the business of the tenants of its projects, but also to induce online B2B
businesses to open physical stores in the Group’s projects. To strengthen
the development of the Group’s E-commerce services, a strategic
cooperation agreement was signed during the Year with JD Group, an
associate of Tencent Holdings Limited (“Tencent”). The cooperation aimed
to foster a long-term and comprehensive partnership on B2B E-commerce,
logistics and warehousing services as well as supply chain financing by
leveraging the strengths of the two companies.
China South City’s logistics and warehousing services continued to
contribute a stable revenue during the Year. The rapid development of
E-commerce has changed delivery patterns which makes warehouse
location critical, as transportation costs increase markedly when delivery
distances increase. The Group’s well located facilities in China are well
positioned to benefit from this trend. The Group has started to ramp
up and upgrade its logistics and warehousing facilities and services in
selective locations and plans to expand its logistics and warehousing
services through initiatives such as providing customized warehouses to
leading third party logistics and E-commerce companies.
Striking a balance between business development
and financial health
Besides traditional banking facilities, the Group consistently pursues a
financial strategy by diversifying its funding channels with various onshore
and offshore capital and inter-bank market instruments in order to
optimize its capital structure and debt maturity profile. In addition, the
Group proactively adjusts its business development strategies, the pace of
land acquisition and other capital expenditure in concurrence with its cash
flow from operating and financing activities, in order to preserve liquidity
as well as to keep its growth momentum, in return for maximizing
shareholder value in the long run by building a strong and stable capital
base to sustain its future business development.
During the Year, the Group has improved its gearing ratios and
maintained a strong liquidity position which was supported by its
satisfactory contracted sales performance as well as its growing recurring
businesses. Selling and distribution expenses and administrative expenses
have reduced to 22.6% of revenue in FY2016/17 from 33.3% of revenue
in FY2015/16 through various costs and expenses control and staff
rationalization measures. The Group also reduced its average financing
cost from 6.3% to 6.2% and maintained a relatively high cash balance
during the Year in order to mitigate the effect of potential tightening
measures in China. As at 31 March 2017, the Group’s cash and cash
equivalents and restricted cash amounted to HK$10,490.9 million (as at
31 March 2016: HK$11,686.7 million).
Strengthening of the senior management team
The sustainable development of China South City is based on the solid
foundation of a visionary Board and an effective management team.
As the business becomes more diversified and complex, the Group has
been carefully rationalizing its staff structure as well as bringing in new
members with relevant experience and successful track record, in order to
strengthen its operational capabilities and efficiency.
The Group has promoted Mr. Fung Sing Hong Stephen as the Vice
Chairman of the Group and Executive Director, and has appointed Mr.
Song Chuan as the Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the
Group, as well as Ms. Cheng Ka Man Carman as an Executive Director in
May 2017. The Group has also appointed new management members
for its various businesses. Under the leadership of the Group’s Chairman,
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, the management team with
outstanding operational skills and expertise will be able to deliver the
Group’s development strategies more effectively and create value for
shareholders.
Prospects
Looking ahead, the Group is still facing uncertainties in the short term
due to the changing dynamics of the global economic and political
environments as well as industrial transition in China. While adopting
a prudent approach in the short term, the Group, taking into account
of China’s improving economic fundamentals and favorable Central
government initiatives, retains its cautiously optimistic outlook in the
medium to long term.
Among the government strategies articulated by the Central government
in its 13th Five-Year Plan, including urbanization, “Internet Plus” and
“Belt and Road”, China South City discerns particular benefits accruing
from these visionary initiatives, which provides additional impetus for
the development of the Group’s fourth-generation integrated logistics
and trade centers. The Group will also continue to collaborate with local
governments to accelerate the transformation of shantytown including
the upgrade and relocation of wholesale markets, in order to capitalize on
the Group’s strategic locations in eight provincial capitals and municipality
in China.
China South City has a rich and diverse business model, with trade
center being the backbone of the Group’s business, supported by assetheavy
ancillary facilities including logistics and warehousing facilities,
as well as residential and commercial properties. Going forward, the
Group will continue to leverage on the scale of its asset-heavy businesses
to enhance its asset-light businesses such as outlets, E-commerce and
property management. Along with the development of the projects and
in accordance with local circumstances and market needs, the Group is
going to enrich its business portfolio by providing financial services as well
as facilities and services in relation to cultural tourism. The Group strives
to create a complete business and living ecosystem for the tenants of its
projects.
In the coming year, the Group will continue to strike a balance between
sustainable business development and efficient financial management.
The management expects the Group to achieve an annual sales target of
HK$10 billion to HK$12 billion for the fiscal year ended 31 March 2018
(“FY2017/18”). In relations to recurring business, the Group will strive
to keep its growth momentum and develop a more diverse and stable
revenue streams.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I wish to express my deepest gratitude
to the Group’s valued shareholders, customers and business partners
for their trust and continued support for the Group. I would also like to
thank the management and staff for their dedication and wholehearted
commitment, which have helped to make China South City grow from
strength to strength.
Cheng Chung Hing
Co-Chairman & Executive Director
Hong Kong, 30 June 2017