Chairman s Statement On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of China South City Holdings Limited ( China South City or the Company ), together with its subsidiaries (the Group ), I am pleased to report the annual results of the Group for the fiscal year ended 31 March 2012 ( FY201112 ).
Results and Dividend The Group reported outstanding operating results in FY201112 amid a challenging environment. Total revenue surged by 64.3% to HK$3,670.8 million (the fiscal year ended 31 March 2011 ( FY201011 ): HK$2,234.0 million), mainly attributable to the revenue contribution from sales and finance lease of CSC Shenzhen, CSC Nanchang and CSC Nanning. Profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by 33.4% year-on-year from HK$1,552.5 million to HK$2,070.7 million. Basic earnings per share were HK34.58 cents (FY201011: HK25.95 cents).
The Board proposed a final dividend of HK7.5 cents per share for the FY201112 (FY201011: HK2.5 cents per share), subject to shareholders approval at the Company s forthcoming annual general meeting.
Review of the Market and Operations Remarkable Performance Achieved During the fiscal year under review, China s economy maintained steady growth despite growing at a slower pace. The central government s marco policies in the residential property market during the year caused overall transaction volumes to decline. As one of the leading developers and operators of large-scale, integrated logistics and trade centers in China, China South City remained relatively unaffected by the challenging operating environment, delivering promising performance.
The Group successfully achieved contracted sales and finance lease of HK$7.1 billion for the fiscal year, recording a multiple-fold year-on-year increase and realizing its annual sales target; with the sales and finance lease of phase II and III properties of CSC Shenzhen; and the enthusiastic response and higher than expected average selling price ( ASP ) from the launch of properties of CSC Nanchang, CSC Nanning and CSC Xi an. Sales revenue and finance lease income of HK$3,431.3 million was booked in FY201112.
The overwhelming market response to the initial launch of CSC Nanchang, CSC Xi an and CSC Nanning, provided unequivocal proof that the Group s business model can be replicated in different areas in China.
More importantly, it reveals and proves the management s capability of executing its business model. Our experience and expertise throughout the years enable us to advance ourselves in the development and operation of new projects.
Strategic Expansion and Disposal While the existing projects are in place to make contributions to the Group and drive future revenue, we continue to proactively identify lucrative markets with high growth potential to further replicate our business model in other areas in China to sustain the Group s long term development. Project agreements for two new projects CSC Harbin and CSC Zhengzhou were signed in October 2011 and April 2012, respectively. The Group is currently framing the layout of both projects and expect to have part of their land to be acquired in the fiscal year ended 31 March 2013 ( FY201213 ), among which, CSC Harbin has successfully bid for the land of approximately 263,000 sq. m. in June 
In line with its core strategy of developing and operating integrated logistics and trade centers, the Group disposed of the residential segment of China South City Heyuan ( CSC Heyuan ) in September 2011.
Strengthened Business Model The Group has been implementing comprehensive plans to further extend its unique One Body with Two Wings business model, which refers to with large scale integrated logistics and trade centers as the core business, and supplemented by commercial facilities and residential properties, to include five pillars of ancillary services that complement its core business of developing and operating trade centers.
One-stop logistics services with warehousing, on-site delivery and freight forwarding for the Group s projects.
E-commerce platform for clients to promote their businesses and products we plan to revamp our online platform to connect our trade center shops with online version, in a view of promoting online wholesale and retail trade and putting online clearing in practice.
Convention and exhibition services through a non-stop exhibition platform where influential exhibitions and conventions are organized and which facilitate increase in traffic flow of the projects. The annual China (Shenzhen) International Industrial Fair (the Industrial Fair ) in CSC Shenzhen, as well as the China ASEAN Light Industrial Products Fair (the Light Industrial Fair ) in CSC Nanning instanced the business opportunities brought to our trade centers and tenants.
Outlet operation and management to further boost overall traffic.
Building on the successful opening of the first outlet center at CSC Shenzhen last year, we plan to expand the business further at CSC Shenzhen, and replicate it at other projects in the coming fiscal year.
Property management which takes into account the scale and multi- industries nature of our business in providing safety and comfort environment to our staff, clients and end-users across all projects.
These five interdependent service pillars, together with our trade centers as a trading platform are intended to serve all clients on each project and represent a self-sustaining operation that strengthens our overall business 
Green and Cost Saving As our business continues to grow, we have enhanced our commitment to corporate social responsibility by developing projects that are beneficial to the Group, our clients and the environment as a whole. Taking the overall costs reduction into consideration, we have been introducing various initiatives such as LED lighting, photovoltaic system, combined cooling, heating and power system and automation system, to promote environmental and social sustainability to our projects progressively.

Looking forward, the Group maintains a positive outlook on the Chinese economy, which is backed by the continued rise in internal demand as a major driver for growth. Capitalizing on the proven success of our business model and expertise, particularly the anticipated returns from the existing projects, we are confident of overcoming the challenges ahead as we continue to grow our business. The Group believes that the successful launch of CSC Nanchang, CSC Xi an and CSC Nanning, in addition to the ongoing development of CSC Shenzhen, will start and continue to form broader sources of income to boost revenue and earnings. We expect target sales of HK$8.0 to 10.0 billion to be achieved in the forthcoming fiscal year. Furthermore, for the sake of Group s sustainability in the long run, we will identify lucrative opportunities to replicate our business model further across China in a prudent yet proactive manner, to maximize returns to our shareholders.
Last but not least, on behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders, note holders, customers and business partners for their trust in the Group and for their unwavering support. I would also like to thank the management and staff for their professionalism and dedication to the Group.
Cheng Chung Hing Co-Chairman & Executive Director Hong Kong, 26 June 2012 