Chairman s Statement On behalf of the board of directors ( the Board ) of China South City Holdings Limited (the Company ), together with its subsidiaries ( China South City or the Group ), I am pleased to report the audited consolidated annual results of the Group for the fiscal year ended 31 March 2015 ( FY201415 or the Year ).
Results and Dividend The Group s business performance for FY201415 was affected by a slower growth trajectory, with China entering a New Normal in its economic growth. During the Year, it recorded revenue of HK$9,757.8 million (fiscal year ended 31 March 2014 ( FY201314 ): HK$13,468.3 million) and Contracted Sales of HK$11,321.1 million (FY201314: HK$14,106.0 million). Net profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to HK$3,727.9 million (FY201314: HK$3,494.5 million). Basic earnings per share were HK48.73 cents (FY201314: HK55.71 cents).
To implement its long-term business strategy for sustainable earning drivers, the Group continued to focus on the development of its recurring businesses. Underpinned by higher revenue contributions from rentals, property management, E-commerce, logistics and warehousing services, outlet operations and furnishing market operations, recurring income for the Year surged 68.3% year-on-year to HK$1,103.6 million (FY201314: HK$655.7 million) and accounted for 11.3% of total revenue, which diversifies the Group s income source, reduces reliance on property sales and supports its sustainable growth.
The Board proposed a final dividend of HK14 cents per share for FY201415 (FY201314: HK14 cents per share), subject to shareholders approval at the Company s forthcoming Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) to be held on 21 August 2015.
Market and Operations Review Rigid demand for modern integrated logistics and trade facilities remains strong The Chinese Central Government announced in the first half of 2014 that China s economy development had entered into a New Normal , where the continuous optimization of its economic structure through greater innovation and economic efficiency will drive sustainable growth at an intermediate-to-high pace. As a result of this grand change in its economy outlook, the local policy makers and business owners were adapting to this New Normal , plus the performance of several projects in operation and management still has room for improvement, given their focus has been shifted from initial construction to development and operation at the same time, the Group therefore was impacted in the segment of property sales during the Year.
Nevertheless, the management believes that the rigid demand for modern integrated logistics and trade facilities remains strong in the long run, since the government s New Normal calls for the continuous modification of its economic structure and the development of a more efficient economy.
Hence, the urbanization process where the replacement of obsolete wholesale markets with modern integrated logistics and trade centers will remain the priority of the local policy makers. In addition, the government launched a series of new policies, including the Internet Plus strategy and One Belt, One Road initiative, known as the Silk Road Economic Belt ( One Belt ) and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road ( One Road ), will continue to fuel long-term growth of the Chinese economy and benefit the Company s future development.
Ample opportunities arising from Internet Plus and One Belt, One Road In Chinese Premier Li Keqiang s 2015 Report on the Work of the Government, he introduced the Internet Plus strategy, which highlighted the need to improve economic efficiency through innovation for sustainable growth. It is expected to bolster the Company s strategy to develop the fourth-generation integrated logistics and trade centers, where it will help to supplement the physical trading platform with a full range of E-commerce services and a nationwide logistics information exchange platform. This will enhance the competitive advantage of small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) operating within China South 
Leveraging closer strategic partnerships with Internet giant, Tencent Holdings Limited ( Tencent ), the Group is set to benefit from this favorable development. The two companies are working together to create an O2O business eco-system utilizing the Group s large-scale physical integrated logistics and trading platform as the offline portal.
Tencent raised its stake in China South City to 11.55% by fully exercising its share options in September 2014. Further, Mr. Davis Lin, Vice President of Tencent Group and General Manager of Strategic Development Department, was appointed as non-executive Director of the Company in June 2014, to provide valuable guidance to the Group s E-commerce 
Meanwhile, the development of One Belt, One Road initiative, unveiled in 2013, gathered momentum during the Year as Premier Li Keqiang called for accelerating the implementation of the two projects in his 2015 Report on the Work of the Government.
Tapping the Group s well-established network along or in the vicinity of the One Belt, One Road routes, China South City is poised to capture considerable opportunities arising from this initiative. Xi an, the eastern departure point of the ancient Silk Road, hosts CSC Xi an situating amidst extensive transportation network in Northwest China to serve as a major logistics center. Located in Zhengzhou, the bridgehead of Silk Road Economic Belt, CSC Zhengzhou is well-connected to dynamic business markets and extensive transport network in Central China. Leveraging the geographic advantage of Harbin, a Eurasian transportation hub, CSC Harbin serves the demand from cross-border trade with Russia and Northeast Asia nations. Nanning, as a hub for the Maritime Silk Road, will allow CSC Nanning to serve as a critical gateway for cross-border trade between China and ASEAN countries.
In face of economic restructuring, the government continued to promote industrial upgrades and improvements in efficiency as the engine for economic growth. As part of its efforts, the State Council issued 2014 2020 Medium-to-Long Term Plan for Logistics Development in early October 2014 to build a modern logistics system for the country. Further, the Ministry of Commerce released its Opinions on Improving the Development of Trade Logistics in September 2014, which emphasized the greater role of the logistics sector in the national economy.
Leveraging its extensive network of China South City projects, the Group developed its Logistics Information Exchange Platform ( LIEP ) which could help the SMEs operating in and around China South City projects to take advantage of the empty truckloads of Heavy Goods Vehicles ( HGVs ) on their return journeys. The LIEP, run by Qianlong Logistics Group Limited ( Qianlong Logistics ), a logistics subsidiary of the Group, commenced trial operations in CSC Nanning and CSC Shenzhen during the Year and achieved remarkable results.
Maturing integrated business eco-system To replicate the success of CSC Shenzhen, the Group commenced trial operations in Nanning, Nanchang, Xi an and Zhengzhou. During the Year, the trial operations of these projects saw encouraging progress, which the number of SMEs and visitors are increasing. Further, along with the projects became more mature and the Group s Physical + Online + Logistics business eco-system continued to grow, it starts to offer its occupants more value-added ancillary services which include property management, E-commerce, logistics and warehousing services, outlet operations and furnishing market operations.
To enhance its corporate value, China South City is preparing to spin off Shenzhen HOBA Home Furnishing Chain Store Company Limited ( HOBA Furnishing ) for potential quotation on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations System (the New Third Board ). HOBA Furnishing has 9 established stores in China as at 31 March 2015, in which the store at CSC Nanning is currently running trial operation and it is expected to start the same in CSC Shenzhen towards the end of 2015. The management will review other businesses of the Group from time to time and study the possibility of spinning them off in due course.
Prudent financial management for sustainable 
In view of the sheer size of its projects, the Group adhered to a prudent approach of project development by developing its projects in phases, in order to maintain its optimal financial leverage.
During the Year, the Group not only completed the issuance of short- term notes and medium-term notes in China s national inter-bank market successfully, but also signed a HK$600 million two-year unsecured loan agreement with the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited with an interest rate of HIBOR+2.65%. Following the fiscal year- end, the Group completed the issuance of a 6-year domestic corporate bond worth RMB1.5 billion with a coupon rate of 7.0% per annum in 
These funding exercises received enthusiastic responses from financial institutions, reflecting the strong creditworthiness of China South City and the bright outlook for its projects. As at the end of March 2015, the Group s weighted average financing cost was 6.8% compared with 7.2% at the end of March 2014.
Reflecting its wide market recognition, China South City was named a constituent stock in the Hang Seng Composite MidCap Index and the FTSE Hong Kong Indices in FY201415.

Looking ahead, the market in the short term may still face volatility, and the operating environment is still challenging. However, underpinned by accelerating urbanization and supportive government policies, the outlook for integrated logistics and trade center industry remains bright in the long term. On top of that, the Internet Plus strategy, One Belt, One Road initiative and the new urbanization will drive the extensive growth of the Chinese economy, paving the way for its sustainable long-term 
In face of challenges and opportunities ahead, the Group will capture the business opportunities arising from the Internet Plus strategy and One Belt, One Road initiative, reinforce risk management and strengthen its Physical + Online + Logistics integrated business eco-system to offer more value-added services to SMEs. While expanding its existing projects in a prudent manner, the Group will forge closer partnerships with Tencent to enhance its E-commerce platform and step up efforts on its development of logistics and warehousing facilities. With more projects set for launch and commencing operations, together with the needs of the Group, the management expects the Group to achieve an annual sales target of approximately HK$11-12 billion for the fiscal year ended 31 March 2016 ( FY201516 ), while being on track to reach its annual recurring revenue target of HK$1.5-2.0 billion in two years time.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to our valued shareholders, customers and business partners for their trust and continued support to the Group. I would also like to convey my appreciation to our management and staff for their professionalism and wholehearted commitment.
Cheng Chung Hing Co-Chairman & Executive Director Hong Kong, 29 June 2015 