We will continue to enhance our strengths in operations of premium branded automobile business, expand our dealership network and optimize our premium branded automobile portfolio so as to consolidate our leading position in the premium branded automobile dealership market in China.

Chief Executive Officer and 
To make excellent return by exploiting huge potentials of after-sale services and derivative 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of the Company, I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for 2012.
2012 was an extraordinary year for China s automobile market. On the one hand, the volume of automobiles manufactured and sold in China hit a record high of 19 million, breaking another new world record and ranking the top in the world for the fourth consecutive year. Production volume of automobiles has exceeded 18 million for the third consecutive year, representing the automobile industry has entered its steady development stage. On the other hand, global economy has fluctuated considerably that the China s automobile market has been adversely affected, while increasing competition in automobile circulation industry has impelled auto manufacturers to expand their production capacity, and the increase in supply of new automobiles has constituted a supply-demand imbalance in a short period of time, adversely affecting gross profit of new automobile sales. Faced with such unprecedented and difficult circumstances, we have strengthened our operations management and enhanced operational efficiency in a calm and unruffled manner. Meanwhile, the development of after-sales services business as well as derivative services business will be regarded as our focus by which to maintain our leading position in China s premium and ultra premium automobile market, conserving resources to fulfill the strategic goals of the Company.
The Group has continued to forge ahead at full speed despite the slowdown in rapid growth of the China s automobile market. During the year ended 31 December 2012, the Group has achieved a relatively satisfactory operating results. In 2012, the Group recorded a total turnover of RMB27,649 million, representing an increase of 91.4% over RMB14,444 million in 2011. The Group s overall gross profit amounted to RMB2,452 million, representing an increase of 76.9% over RMB1,386 million in 2011. Profit for the year increased by 12.8% to RMB634 million, as compared to RMB562 million in 2011. Profit attributable to equity holders increased by 15.3% to RMB604 million, as compared to RMB524 million in 2011. Basic earnings per share amounted to RMB27.4 cents (2011: RMB25.2 cents).
ENHANCINg OUR STRENgTHS IN OpERATIONS OF pREmIUm BRANDED AUTOmOBILE 
As we have upheld the development strategy in focusing on premium branded automobiles, our strengths in operations of premium branded automobile business were enhanced extraordinarily in 2012. Revenue of sales of premium branded new automobiles was RMB21,834 million, accounting for 87.9% of total revenue of sales of new automobiles, and gross profit of sales of premium branded new automobiles was RMB1,300 million, accounting for 97.3% of gross profit of sales of new automobiles. Revenue of after-sales services for premium branded automobiles was RMB1,901 million, accounting for 82.0% of total revenue of after-sales services business, and gross profit of after-sales services for premium branded automobiles was RMB861 million, accounting for 82.5% of gross profit of after-sales services business. Our development strategy in focusing on premium branded automobiles has allowed us to be immune from recent fluctuation in automobile market, maintaining a rapid growth in our business.
ON-gOINg OpTImIZATION OF BRAND ARCHITECTURE WITH ExpANDINg NETWORk We initially completed brand architecture and dealership network design through progressive expansion in recent years.
In 2012, our expansion was achieved via new establishment in a bid to continue optimizing our brand architecture and dealership network design. As at 31 December 2012, the Group had 86 dealership stores (70 4S stores and 16 showrooms), of which 70 were premium and ultra premium branded automobile stores, covering 29 cities in 13 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions.
TAppINg HUgE OppORTUNITIES IN AFTER-SALES SERVICES OF pREmIUm AND ULTRA pREmIUm BRANDED AUTOmOBILES As after-sales services business is less affected by economic fluctuation, it could bring the Group steady revenue and relatively huge profit. With rapid development of China s automobile market coupled with upsurge in automobile ownership, rigid demand for after-sales services has been increasing, implying tremendous opportunities for expanding after-sales services. We, as always, adhere to our operational notion of customer comes first and deliver our customers after-sales services in a high-efficient and rapid manner by our quality customer service staff and elite technicians who have been provided quality training on a regular basis. We have acquired a large number of customers of premium and ultra premium branded automobiles over years of operations, we believe high quality after-sales services will consolidate our existing wide customer base as well as attract new customers, allowing it to become our new performance driver.
gRASpINg OppORTUNITIES TO DEVELOp DERIVATIVE SERVICES BUSINESS While China s automobile market has been getting mature, our derivative services business has grown rapid. In respect of pre-owned automobile business, the demand for automobile upgrade and replacement has pushed ahead our pre-owned automobile exchange business, providing us huge resources of pre-owned automobiles. We have set up an assessment system and nationwide trading platform for pre-owned automobiles with an aim to support the development of pre-owned automobiles business in all aspects. In addition, we have achieved rapid growth in sales of accessories for automobiles with constant increase in revenue upon the adoption of centralized procurement model. As our key businesses for development, insurance agency and automobile financing have been getting on the right track on the support of well-known domestic insurance and financial institutions, expecting acceleration in development.
HIgHLy-EFFICIENT OpERATIONAL SySTEm FOR NEWLy ESTABLISHED 4S STORES AND ACqUIRED 4S STORES With continual expansion in our operations, we currently become one of the largest automobile dealers in China. As our business has been expanding, highly-efficient operations is the key to our success. As such, we have developed a highly-efficient operational system based on our experience in automobile dealership over years. The system will be applied to our newly established 4S stores and acquired 4S stores for highly-efficient operations as soon as possible. Meanwhile, we will consolidate resources of the Group for sharing and complementary purposes, maximizing economies of scale as well as investment returns.
OUTLOOk: CHALLENgES AND OppORTUNITIES In 2013, we are facing challenges and opportunities. The uncertainties in the market may be the hurdles to achieving satisfactory results, but constant growth in China s premium branded automobile market and huge development potentials in after-sales services as well as derivative services business will provide us opportunities to grow.
To keep up with the times, we will continue to expand our dealership network. By capitalizing the advantages of our nationwide dealership network, we will tap the opportunities brought about by constant growth in China s premium branded automobile market. The Group will fully tap huge opportunities in after-sales services and derivative services business for premium branded automobiles. By establishing brand awareness and consolidating market leader position in dealership and after-sales services for premium and ultra premium branded automobiles and highlighting our core competitiveness, the Group is well-prepared for rapid development.

The Group s remarkable results for 2012 were attributable to the efforts and dedication of all its staff and business partners. In this regard, I would like to thank the shareholders, business partners and customers on behalf of the Board for their long-term support and trust. At the same time, I would also like to express my heartfelt gratitude to the staff of the Group for their loyalty, efforts and contributions over the past year.

Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 28 March 2013 