CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Being determined to become the world s top automobile integrated services supplier 
As a result of structural adjustment under new normal (e8Ka) situation, China s economy maintained a steady growth in 2014. According to the statistics released by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the gross domestic products (GDP) of China in 2014 recorded a year-on-year growth rate of approximately 7.4%, and the year-on-year nominal growth in China s total retail sales of social consumer goods was 12.0% (actual growth deducting price factors: 10.9%). The year- on-year nominal growth in China s per capita disposable income was 10.1% (actual growth deducting price factors: 8.0%).
Progressive growth in national economy and steady growth in per capita disposable income of residents in China have been providing momentum for growth in spending on durable consumer goods, such as automobiles. According to the statistics released by the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, the sales volume of passenger automobiles in China was approximately 19,700,000 in 2014, maintaining the top position in the world. The sales of new automobile in China have entered into a stage of steady growth after its explosive growth over the past decade, but the automotive after- market business is likely to begin its golden era.
Benefited from the increasing number of entry-level luxury branded automobiles launched in the market, growing demand for automobile upgrade and replacement as well as increase in penetration rate of automobile financing, the sales performance of luxury and ultra-luxury branded automobiles remained above the average growth of automobile retail market in 2014. According to the statistics released by the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, among the major brands which the Group has dealership stores, the sales volume of Audi branded automobiles in China was 578,932 (2013: 491,989), representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 17%; the sales volume of BMW and MINI branded automobiles in China reached 455,979 (2013: 390,713), representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 17%; the sales volume of Benz branded automobiles in China was 281,588 (2013: 218,045), representing a year- on-year growth of approximately 29%; the sales volume of Jaguar and Land Rover branded automobiles in China was 122,010 (2013: 95,237), representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 28% and the sales volume of Volvo brand automobiles in China was 81,221 (2013: 61,146), representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 33%.
According to the statistics released by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the automobile ownership in China reached 154 million as at the end of 2014, representing a year-on-year growth of 12.4%. With the increasing automobile ownership and expanding customer base, the after-sales services which focus on repair and maintenance services and sales of accessories as well as extended services which focus on automobile insurance agency, automobile financing and pre-owned automobiles have continued to develop vigorously. Due to the popularity of internet and mobile devices, companies are allowed to integrate and pursue a novel business model with lower cost and higher efficiency, and also provide customers with comprehensive customized automobile-related services.
In spite of the promising prospects of automobile market, coupling with increasingly intense market competition, the existing dealership business model is facing new challenges in the market. The cooperation relationship between automobile dealers and manufacturers tends to be more long-term oriented. Because of different operating strategies and business models adopted by dealers as well as the degrees of their economies of scale, polarization in profitability and sustainability among dealers will be more obvious.
Facing the tremendous opportunities for developing automobiles after-sales services and the extended services, the Group will maximize its management strength and economies of scale which it has enjoyed, further optimize its national dealership network, provide the customers with customized, distinguished and comprehensive services, endeavour to excel in its after-sales services and the extended services, and complete the Group s strategic transform. As a result, the Group would raise higher value for the shareholders of the Company, staff members and the society and build up a leading integrated automobile services platform in China.
The Group s favorable results for 2014 were attributable to the efforts and dedication of all its staff as well as the trust and support of business partners and shareholders. In this regard, I would like to thank the shareholders, business partners and customers on behalf of the Board for their long-term support and trust. At the same time, I would also like to express my heartfelt gratitude to the staff of the Group for their loyalty, efforts and contributions over the past year.
Chairman of the Board 
30 March 2015 