CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Being determined to become the world s top automobile integrated services supplier 
China s economy managed to sustain a stable growth in 2015 despite challenging market conditions. According to the statistics released by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the nation s gross domestic production (GDP) for 2015 grew by 6.9%, while the year-on-year nominal growth rates of China s total retail sales of social consumer goods and per capita disposable income were 10.7% (actual growth deducting price factors: 10.6%) and 8.9% (actual growth deducting price factors: 7.4%), respectively. Spending on automobiles and other durable consumer goods as a percentage of per capita disposable income continued to increase steadily. According to statistics released by the China Association of Automobile Manufacturer, sales of passenger automobiles in China exceeded the benchmark of 20 million for the first time in 2015 to reach 21,140,000 units, as the nation continued to top the world in terms of passenger automobiles purchases . In addition to solid new automobile sales growth in China, after-sales services, financial services relating to automobile spending and the pre-owned automobile business embraced more diversified and sustainable growth opportunities for the profit model of dealers.
Favorable tax policies, growing upgrade demands, as well as increasing penetration on financing and other related services boosted auto sales growth in 2015 but with great performance divergences among luxury brands. According to statistics released by the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, among the major brands under the Group s dealership, the sales volume of BMW and MINI branded automobiles in China reached 463,736 (2014: 455,979), representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 1.7%; the sales volume of Benz branded automobiles in China was 373,459 (2014: 281,588), representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 32.6%; the sales volume of Porsche branded automobiles in China was 58,009 (2014: 46,931), representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 23.6%; the sales volume of Volvo branded automobiles in China was 81,588 (2014: 81,221), representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 0.2%, the sales volume of Audi branded automobiles in China was 570,889 (2014: 578,932), representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 1.4%; the sales volume of Jaguar and Land Rover branded automobiles in China was 92,474 (2014: 122,010), representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 24.2%. In the future, the Group shall further expand its market share especially on luxury brands, backed by its more diversified brands portfolio and strong fundamental upgrade and replacement demand in the market.
According to the statistics released by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the automobile ownership in China reached 172 million by the end of 2015, or a 11.5% year-on-year growth. During the Year under Review, the Group further enhanced its customer base on quantity and quality through maximizing favorable industrial trends and government policy changes as well as our integrated competitive advantages. We substantiated our strengths in traditional after-sales services and extended services, such as repair, maintenance and sales of accessories, and we have made significant breakthrough in our auto finance business, which will have a profound impact on our sales of new automobiles, customer relations, pre-owned automobile business and new businesses such as financial leasing. The Group actively pursued effective use of internet and mobile apps to improve service efficiency and customer experience.
Notwithstanding the intensified market competition in 2015, the Group is confident in its strategic strengths and competitive advantages, as well as tremendous business opportunities ahead. The Group foresees that in the future the collaboration among dealers and between dealers and auto makers will become more rational and professional, and business innovations led by respective auto dealers based on their unique fortes shall further transform the thriving auto sales and services industry.
In view of the general demand driven by increasing consumer spending on automobiles, the Group will leverage its comprehensive strengths in platforms and superior operational standards relative to its peers, in order to further improve and optimize its nationwide dealership network and foster a convenient, all-rounded and high-quality setting for automobile-related spending, thereby delivering greater value to its shareholders, staff and the community and establishing itself as the leading integrated automobile service platform of China.
The Group s sound results for 2015 are attributable to the dedication of all employees as well as the trust and support of its business partners and shareholders. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our shareholders, business partners and customers for their support and trust over the years. My sincere gratitude also goes to our loyal staff who have made immense contributions to the Group through their hard work over the past year.

Chairman of the Board 24 March 2016 