CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENTDEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
In 2016, China recorded a GDP growth of 6.7% as compared to the previous year. The economy of China maintained a
steady growth in general. Attributable to the stabilized real economy and recovery of consumption power and sentiment
of consumers, total retail sales of consumer goods in China in 2016 saw an improvement of 10.4% over the previous year.
According to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, the sales of passenger vehicles hit a record high in
2016 to 24,376,900 units, representing an increase of 14.93% as compared to the previous year. The increment was
7.63% higher than that of the previous year. Against a backdrop of steady growth in the passenger vehicle market as
compared to the previous year, the growth of different luxury brands varied and competition was increasingly intensive.
In respect of the major brands under the Group’s dealership, the sales volume of BMW and MINI brands in China was
516,355 units, representing an increase of 11.3% as compared to the corresponding year (2015: 463,736 units); the sales
volume of Audi brand in China was 591,554 units, representing an increase of 3.6% as compared to the corresponding
year (2015: 570,889 units); the sales volume of Benz brand in China was 472,884 units, representing an increase of
26.6% as compared to the corresponding year (2015: 373,459 units); the sales volume of Jaguar and Land Rover brands
in China was 119,048 units, representing an increase of 28.7% as compared to the corresponding year (2015: 92,474
units); the sales volume of Volvo brand in China was 90,930 units, representing an increase of 11.5% as compared to the
corresponding year (2015: 81,588 units); the sales volume of Porsche brand in China was 65,246 units, representing an
increase of 12.5% as compared to the corresponding year (2015: 58,009 units).
China ZhengTong Auto Services Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) act as a
major dealer of various luxury automobile brands in China. Through long-term cooperation with major luxury automobile
manufacturers, the Group has promptly grasped the opportunities arising from the latest industry trend and changes in
automobile buyers’ preference to further improve its existing services and explore innovative services. Leveraging its
diversified brand portfolio, reasonable sales network and comprehensive sales and service platform, the Group is able to
enhance the service experience of its customers.
In 2016, while strengthening the traditional after-sale services for automobiles such as repair, maintenance and sale
of accessories, the Group made full use of its unique characteristics to develop new businesses. In particular, the
introduction of financial services business had made a significant progress that financial cooperation with manufacturers
was consolidated to provide customers with additional services. The Group offered customers more personalized and
competitive auto finance solutions, which were significantly supported by the growth of the sales of new and pre-owned
automobiles, financial leasing and customer relationship development.
According to the Traffic Management Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security, as of the end of 2016, the number of
vehicles registered in China was 194 million units, and the number of licensed drivers was over 310 million. The number
of registered passenger vehicles amounted to 160 million units, including 146 million passenger vehicles registered in
the name of individuals (private cars), accounting for 90% of registered passenger vehicles. Judging from the increasing
number of registered vehicles and drivers, vehicles have become an integral part of daily lives, creating huge potential
for the development of automobile-related markets.
In addition, as the auto market in China is becoming more mature, the sales of automobiles face tremendous
opportunities with increasingly severe competition. Demand for more professional and personalized services
and diversified after-sales services and value-added services for vehicles from consumers continues to increase.
Commercial opportunities for vehicles that cater daily needs of users are arising.
In the future, based on the existing business network, the Group will further expand its business presence and improve
the profitability of new outlets. In order to enrich the personalized automobile-related services for customers, the
Group will continue to invest in innovation. The Group will also strive to enhance internal management efficiency and
service platform and explore customer base and consolidate its competitive strengths. The Group is also committed to
providing quality, convenient and comprehensive automobile-related services in order to create greater values for the
shareholders and employees of the Group as well as the society.
The Group’s remarkable performance in 2016 is attributable to the dedication of employees as well as the trust and
support of its business partners and shareholders. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude
to our shareholders, business partners and customers for their long-term support and trust, as well as our loyal staff for
their hard work and valuable contributions to the Group over 2016.
Wang Muqing
Chairman of the Board
21 March 2017