CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Being determined to become the world s top automobile integrated services supplier 
It is my pleasure to be appointed as the chairman of the Board of China ZhengTong Auto Services Holdings Limited ( ZhengTong Auto or the Company ,) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group , We or us ) with effect from 28 August 2013. On behalf of the board (the Board ) of the Company, I am very delighted to present our Shareholders the annual results of the Group for 2013 and share my vision for ZhengTong Auto with you.
As the global economy was improving in 2013, China s automobile market achieved double-digit growth with the volumes of automobiles manufactured and sold in China in 2013 were 22,116,800 and 21,984,100 respectively, representing increases of 14.8% and 13.9% respectively over 2012. Over 20 million of automobiles manufactured and sold in a single year have broken a new record, ranking China the top in the world for the fifth consecutive year. The sales volume of passenger automobile in China grew to 17,928,900 in 2013, representing an increase of 15.7% as compared with last year. Growth rate of sales volume of luxury and ultra-luxury branded automobiles continued to be ahead of the average of the automobile markets. For example, in 2013, the sales volume of Audi, BMW, Jaguar and Land Rover and Volvo, the major well-received luxury automobile brands in China market, were 488,488, 390,713, 95,237 and 61,146 respectively, representing increases of 21.2%, 19.7%, 30% and 45.6% respectively as compared with those in 2012. In addition, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, the automobile ownership in China was in excess of 137 million at the end of 2013, indicating an enormous demand for automobile after-markets services. With unceasing growth in sales volume of luxury and ultra-luxury branded automobiles as well as after-markets services business and derivative services business, we achieved satisfactory results in 2013. For the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group recorded a total turnover of RMB29,840 million, representing an increase of 7.9% over RMB27,649 million in 2012. The Group s overall gross profit amounted to RMB2,588 million, representing an increase of 5.5% over RMB2,452 million in 2012.
Profit for the year increased by 34.7% to RMB854 million, as compared to RMB634 million in 2012. Profit attributable to shareholders increased by 38.6% to RMB837 million as compared to RMB604 million in 2012. Basic earnings per share amounted to RMB37.9 cents (2012: RMB27.4 cents). The Board recommended the distribution of a final dividend of HK$0.10 per share for the year ended 31 December 2013 for the first time after the Listing of the Company on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ).
BUILDING UP A EXCELLENT BRAND IN AUTOMOBILE AFTER-MARKETS SERVICES In 2013, the development of automobile after-markets services was in the phase of prosperity. After-markets services include all services provided after automobile sold to customer from dealer up to the automobile being scrapped at auto recycling center, such as automobile maintenance and repair, parts replacement, accessories installment, cleaning and fueling. As learnt from automobile markets in the U.S. and the Europe, the developed countries, profit of automobile industry chain was mainly derived from three major businesses, namely manufacturing and sales of automobile, parts and accessories as well as automobile after-markets services. Profit of manufacturing and sales of new automobile accounted for merely approximately 20%, and profit of automobile after-markets services accounted for approximately 60%. In contrast, at the present stage, profit of automobile after-markets services in China accounted for approximately 20% of the total in China s automobile industry chain, leaving huge potential for further development. Due to our early anticipation of future development of automobile markets and the potential in automobile after-markets services business, the Group has completed its strategic transformation in advance by shifting its strategic focus from sales of new automobiles to automobile after-markets services business.
Competition in after-markets services business in China has been fierce despite a huge potential for development, and quality of services in general have been low with a serious problem of product homogeneity. To seize the market opportunities for development, we have endeavored to provide high-quality and comprehensive services by capitalizing our scale of sales, sales network and financial strength, building up a excellent service brand and thus consolidating our leading position in China s automobile after-markets services business.
FAST AND BALANCED EXPANSION OF BUSINESS NETWORK In 2013, we set up 6 new dealership stores, including 1 BMW 5S dealership store in Chengdu, 2 Cadillac 4S dealership stores in Dongguan and Zhanjiang respectively, 1 Acura 4S dealership store in Nanchang, 1 BMW authorized maintenance and repair services center in Wuhan and 1 Benz authorized maintenance and repair services center in Shenzhen. As at 31 December 2013, our dealership network had 92 opened dealership outlets covering 14 provinces and 31 cities across the country. The on-going expansion of our dealership network over years has gained us an evenly distributed nationwide coverage. In addition, as at the date of this report, other than the 3 new dealership stores opened in the beginning of 2014, we have been authorized to operate 28 new dealership outlets for brands of Porsche, BMW, MINI, Audi, Jaguar and Land Rover, Volvo and Benz. In future, we will accelerate the expansion of dealership network mainly by way of self- 
With rapid increase in demand for automobile after-sales markets services, 4S dealership stores, in general, have been facing the shortage of stations for after-sales services which could not be fully resolved by expanding network or internal upgrade of our 4S dealership stores. Such problem has been effectively solved by setting up professional repair centers authorized by automobile brands, satisfying the increasing demand for automobile after-sales services in a short period of time by expanding business network rapidly with shorter time and lower cost needed for setting up of the repair centers than those for 4S dealership stores. In 2013, we set up 1 BMW authorized maintenance and repair services center and 1 Benz authorized maintenance and repair services center. It is our plan to set up additional maintenance and repair services center authorized by luxury brands, further enlarging our market share.
IMPLEMENTATION OF STRATEGIC PLAN THAT FOCUSING ON DERIVATIVE SERVICES 
In 2013, our derivative services business, mainly including pre-owned automobiles, automobile insurance and automobile financing, continued to grow rapidly in addition to astonishing progress made in our automobile after-markets business.
The commission income from our derivative services business increased by 46.6% from approximately RMB204 million in 2012 to approximately RMB299 million in 2013, becoming our fastest growing business sector. At present, derivative services business in China is at the initial stage of development, leaving an enormous room for future growth. As a result of our strategic planning for pre-owned automobile, automobile insurance and automobile financing businesses in advance, positive results have been shown, but we will continue to make additional efforts in developing derivative services business. Since our strategic development has focused on the derivative services business, we set up DingZe Insurance Agency Company Limited* (oONt gPlQS) ( DingZe Insurance ) upon the approval by the China Insurance Regulatory Commission in 2013, driving our insurance business to a higher level with the qualifications for insurance agency business in China. Such qualifications allowed us to directly participate automobile insurance business, access to customers information, provide customers information about after-sales and insurance renewal services by fully capitalizing our scale of sales and the advantages of distribution channels, increasing our after-sales absorption rate and insurance renewal rate. On a wide base of high-end customers, we have provided our customers comprehensive insurance services in addition to automobile insurance, creating demand for insurance from high-end customers.
POSITIVE INTERLOCK-PERFORMANCE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN AUTOMOBILE SALES BUSINESS AND AFTER-MARKETS SERVICES AND DERIVATIVE SERVICES BUSINESS Gross margin of sales of new automobile has returned to a reasonable level despite an accelerated growth in sales of luxury branded new automobiles has been maintained. Given the equilibrium of supply and demand as well as an increase in proportion of entry-level luxury branded automobiles with lower gross margin, the gross margin of sales of luxury branded new automobiles will maintain at a reasonable level. Profit margin of sales of luxury branded new automobiles has been shrunk, while plenty of opportunities for automobile after-markets business have been brought about by sales of new automobiles. With China s market becoming mature, customers in China have acted in a more rational way that taking much count of the quality of services. As such, provision of high quality automobile after-markets services facilitates the sales of new automobiles indirectly. In short, the positive interlock-performance relationship between automobile sales business and after-markets services and derivative services business will drive the growth in both sales of new automobiles and after-markets services business.

We have maintained sound cooperation relationship with automobile manufacturers. In 2013, the Group entered into strategic cooperative agreements with Audi and Volvo, the luxury automobile brands, respectively, pursuant to which, Audi and Volvo undertook to grant us additional authorizations for dealership stores as well as more resources of best-selling automobiles. We believe that there will be enormous room for both Audi and Volvo to grow in China. By capitalizing on the support of Audi and Volvo, we may facilitate rapid growth in our business associated with Audi and Volvo.
Given the demand for the development of our insurance business, we entered strategic cooperative agreements with a number of top insurance companies in 2013. As the prospects of insurance business for luxury and ultra-luxury automobiles in China are intriguing, the entering of the strategic cooperative agreements will provide us strong support from the management team of the insurance companies as well as more favorable insurance rebate policies, expanding the business scale of high-margin auto insurance for accidents and repairs. Through the newly established DingZe Insurance, we are able to provide customers personalized insurance products in addition to automobile insurance, accelerating the development of our insurance business.

In 2014, there will be tremendous opportunities brought about by constant growth in China s luxury branded automobile market and huge development potential in after-markets services business. We will tap the opportunities brought about by the surge in automobile after-markets services business by capitalizing our wide loyal customer base established over years as well as the advantages of our nationwide dealership channels, in a bid to build up a excellent services brand in after-markets services for luxury branded automobiles and consolidate our market leader position in dealership, after- markets services and derivative services for luxury and ultra-luxury branded automobiles, endeavoring to become one of the world s top automobile integrated services providers.

We acknowledge that the Group s remarkable results for 2013 were attributable to the efforts and dedication of all its staff as well as the trust and support of our business partners and shareholders. In this regard, I would like to thank the shareholders, business partners and customers on behalf of the Board for their long-term support and trust. At the same time, I would also like to express my heartfelt gratitude to the staff of the Group for their loyalty, efforts and contributions over the past year. We will keep on striving for excellence with diligence, returning our Shareholders with extraordinary 
Chairman of the Board 
31 March 2014 * For identification purposes only 