China ZhengTong is a leading 4S dealership group in China. Our brand strategy focuses on selling and servicing the most popular premium branded cars in the 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of China ZhengTong Auto Services Holdings Limited (the Company or ZhengTong or ZhengTong Auto and its subsidiaries, collectively the Group ), I am pleased to present the first annual results of the Group upon its listing on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ).
The year 2010 was a memorable year in the history and development of the Group. On 10 December 2010, the successful listing of the Company on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange not only marked a new milestone in the course of the development of the Company and provided sufficient capital and confidence for its further growth in the future, but also represented a recognition for the Group s strengths in 4S dealership business and the promising outlook of the premium and ultra premium branded automobile market in China. The successful listing has enabled the Group to achieve a greater corporate recognition, enhance its level of corporate governance and management practices, establish a sound corporate operating system and solid foundation for business growth, and provided the Group with a platform for further development of its business.
We provide our customers with total car solutions capabilities and a customer-centric business model to promote a long-term customer 
In the past year, the Group made excellent achievements in various aspects under the concerted efforts of the management team and staff. Riding on the opportunities arising from the fast-growing passenger automobile market in China, its business focus was placed on expanding the dealership network, optimising the brand portfolio and strengthening the dealership of premium and ultra premium branded automobiles, alongside with enhancing customer- oriented after-sales services and logistics and lubricant oil trading business. Revenue from premium and ultra premium branded automobile segment therefore has grown rapidly and ZhengTong s position as market leader of premium and ultra premium branded automobile dealership is 
Remarkable Financial Performance The Group performed remarkably with its expanding dealership network and improving operating efficiency of its automobile dealership business. Turnover was RMB8,034 million, an increase of 61.3% as compared with RMB4,981 million in 2009. Gross profit amounted to RMB726 million, an increase of 75.2% as compared with RMB415 million in 2009. Profit attributable to the equity holder was RMB276 million, an increase of 89.2% as compared with RMB146 million in 2009. Earnings per share amounted to RMB18.0 cents (2009: RMB9.7 cents).
In particular, the turnover of the Group s new car sales in respect of mid-end and premium brands reached approximately RMB2,207 million (2009: RMB2,030 million) and RMB4,802 million (2009: RMB2,240 million) for the year respectively, increases of 8.7% and 114.3% respectively.
Regarding the Group s businesses apart from automobile dealership, the revenue derived from automobile logistics services together with lubricant oil trading was approximately RMB423 million in 2010 (2009: RMB330 million).
Tremendous Market Potential Benefiting from the fast-growing economy of China, the automobile production and sales market flourished in 2010, which boosted the sales of automobiles and growth of the automobiles after-sales service industry. According to the figures released by China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, the production and sales of the automobile market in China both exceeded a record high of 18 million automobiles, rendering China the largest automobile producer and largest new automobile market worldwide.
Such record represented a historical milestone from a global perspective and had a positive effect on the expansion of the Group s automobile dealership business. As the sizes of the middle-class, upper-middle class and the affluent population expand, it is expected that the sales of premium and ultra premium branded automobiles in the automobile market in China will continue to grow at an accelerated pace. Likewise, the Group s logistics and lubricant oil distribution business is also expected to grow as vehicle production and sales volume continue to grow.
Strategic Brand Positioning In response to the huge market demand for premium automobiles, the Group s brand strategies focused on the most popular premium and ultra premium brands in China, namely BMW, MINI and Audi, whose market penetration continued to increase. During the year, revenue from the sales of premium and ultra premium branded automobiles accounted for 68.5% of the total revenue from the sales of new automobiles of the Group (2009: 52.5%).
Having maintained years of relationship with BMW, the Group is currently the second largest BMW dealer in China and the only BMW dealer which covers 6 provinces and municipalities. As at 31 December 2010, the Group operated 10 BMW dealership stores. During the year, the Group established its first ultra premium 4S dealership store, located in Dongguan, the Porsche 4S dealership store has commenced operation which further expanded the Group s brand portfolio of dealership networks. In addition, the Group s BMW flagship store in Guangzhou and Audi flagship store in Shanghai also commenced operation at the end of 
During the year, the Group organised a number of marketing and promotion events with automobile manufacturers, including BMW, in different major cities of the PRC to strengthen the Group s branding and enhance the exposure to the public.
Steady Expansion of Dealership Network After years of development, the Group has successfully expanded its automobile dealership business to cover 14 cities. The following table sets forth the particulars of our 4S dealership stores as of the date of this report.

Segment BrandDealership City Province 
Expiry Date of 
Dongguan Jieyunhang Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.
Dongguan Guangdong May 2010 In the process of 
Beijing Baozehang Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.
Beijing Beijing June 2010 31 December 2011 Baotou Baoze Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.

February 2010 31 December 2013 Nanchang Baoze Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.
Nanchang Jiangxi October 2008 31 December 2012 Chenzhou Ruibao Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.
Chenzhou Hunan July 2007 31 December 2012 Yichang Baoze Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.
Yichang Hubei June 2007 31 December 2012 
Segment BrandDealership City Province 
Expiry Date of 
Hohhot Qibao Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.

January 2007 31 December 2011 
Zhuhai Baoze Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.
Zhuhai Guangdong March 2009 31 December 2012 Changsha Ruibao Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.
Changsha Hunan January 2006 31 December 2012 Wuhan Baoze Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.
Wuhan Hubei March 2005 31 December 2011 Guangzhou Baoze Automobile Sales Co., Ltd.
Guangzhou Guangdong December 2010 31 December 2013 
Shantou Hongxiang Materials Co., Ltd. Shantou Guangdong Acquired in 
3 August 2012 Hubei Dingjie Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.
Wuhan Hubei August 2003 1 January 2012 Shanghai Aohui Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.
Shanghai Shanghai December 2010 17 January 2012 
market Dongfeng Nissan Inner Mongolia Dingze Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.

March 2010 In the process of 
Shanghai Shenxie Shentong Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.
Shanghai Shanghai May 2007 1 March 2012 Wuhan Kaitai Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.
Wuhan Hubei August 2004 1 March 2012 Inner Mongolia Dingjie Automobile Trading Co., Ltd.

December 2003 In the process of 
Shanghai Shenxie Automobile Trading 
Shanghai Shanghai June 2000 1 March 2012 
Shanghai Luda Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.
Shanghai Shanghai January 2005 Indefinite 
Segment BrandDealership City Province 
Expiry Date of 
Shiyan Shenxie Automobile Trading Co., Ltd. Shiyan Hubei March 2005 In the process of 
Hubei Bocheng Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.
Wuhan Hubei January 2004 In the process of 
Hubei Jierui Automobile Sales 
Wuhan Hubei March 2006 15 February 2012 
Hubei Xinrui Automobile Sales Services Co., Ltd.
Wuhan Hubei August 2004 31 December 2012 Following the opening of the Audi dealership store in Shanghai and the BMW dealership store in Guangzhou in December 2010, the Group has 24 dealership stores (2009: 17 stores) covering not only the developed automobile markets such as the affluent first tier cities or provincial capitals, but also areas where the GDP per capita is higher than the average nationwide level, namely, Inner Mongolia, Hunan, Hubei and Jiangxi, and the central and western markets where the automobile penetration is relatively low.
As of 31 December 2010, the total area occupied by our 24 dealership stores reached approximately 1.6 million square meters. The Group holds key positions in first tier developed cities and fast growing cities. During the year, the Group extended its coverage to higher growth regions and penetrated into the first high-end market in northern China.
Currently, the Group has obtained permission to set up one and intends to set up another nine 4S dealership stores in 2011 and the majority of such dealership stores are expected to focus on premium and ultra premium branded automobiles. The Group is in the process of setting up the dealership stores and the relevant dealership agreements are expected to be executed in second quarter of 2011.
As of the date of this report, it is intended that pre-owned automobile related services would be available in all of our dealership stores. We intend to further expand our pre-owned automobile business in the major cities of the PRC, including Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou, through establishing more pre-owned automobile stores.

Looking into the future, ZhengTong will continue to consolidate and enhance its leading position in the dealership of premium and ultra premium branded automobiles in China, and endeavour to further strengthen our core business of automobile dealership, expand the existing dealership network and optimise the existing portfolio of premium branded automobiles to take advantage of the promising outlook of the passenger automobile market in China.
Meanwhile, the Group will step up the development of the customer-oriented after-sales services, strive to speed up the growth of used automobiles as well as automobile financing and insurance agency business, and carry on strengthening our after-sales core business segment to ensure steady and sustainable growth of the Group. The Group will also utilize the after-sales services channels and sound relationship with automobile manufacturers to accelerate the growth of logistics and lubricant oil businesses. Moreover, the Group will also apply the net proceeds from the initial listing of the Group in an effective and prudent manner for proactive business expansion and fully capitalise on the unique strengths of ZhengTong Auto.
The management believes that the Company will become a leading premium and ultra premium branded 4S dealership group in China by differentiating and growing itself in the fast growing automobile market in China in an effort to maximise the returns of shareholders. In the course of this, ZhengTong Auto s team will make the best endeavours to contribute to the Group s development and continuous progress.

The Group s remarkable results for 2010 were attributable to the efforts and dedication of all its staff and business partners. In this regard, I would like to thank the shareholders, business partners and customers on behalf of the Board for their long-term support and trust. At the same time, I would also like to express my heartfelt gratitude to the staff of the Group for their loyalty, efforts and contributions over the past year.

Chief Executive Officer 12 March 2011 