our core automobile dealership business pursuit of excellence We will continue to strengthen our core automobile dealership business, expand our dealership network and optimize our premium branded portfolio so as to capture the tremendous opportunities arising from the premium branded automobile dealership market in China.
poised for opportunities The Group is a leading 4S dealership group in China. Our brand strategy focuses on selling and servicing the most popular premium branded cars in the mainland China 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of the Company, I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for 2011.
The year 2011 was a crucial year to the Group s development. As the first full financial year upon its successful listing on the Stock Exchange, the Group had to fulfill its commitment towards the shareholders upon listing and make every endeavour to maximise shareholders interests. Facing the fierce competition in the general automobile industry in 2011, we, on one hand, strengthened our internal operational management, adhered to the operating principle of customers first , continued to enhance service standard and quality, and actively sought external cooperation. On the other hand, we enhanced our capital operation and saw speedy expansion of our business scale whilst obtaining new brand authorisations. ZhengTong, being well- recognised by its peers for the ability to grow sustainably and speedily, which lays a solid foundation for the Company to set another new record in the future.
Thriving premium and ultra premium branded automobile 
In 2011, China maintained fast yet steady economic growth. In spite of the slowdown in the automobile market, demand remained strong and automobile sales maintained steady growth. Undoubtedly, the premium and ultra premium branded passenger automobile market has been the brightest spot in the automobile consumption market in the year. Sales of major premium branded automobiles in China all grew at a rate of over 30% in the year. The Group began to benefit from its successful strategic focus on premium and ultra premium branded automobiles.
Speedy growth to set another 
The Group continued to forge ahead at full speed. During the year ended 31 December 2011, operating results grew substantially with satisfactory achievements. In 2011, the Group recorded a total turnover of RMB14,444 million, representing an increase of 79.8% over RMB8,034 million in 2010. The Group s overall gross profit amounted to RMB1,386 million, representing an increase of 90.9% over RMB726 million in 2010. Profit for the year increased by 88.0% to RMB562 million, as compared to RMB299 million in 2010. Profit attributable to equity holders increased by 89.9% to RMB524 million, as compared to RMB276 million in 2010.
Earnings per share amounted to RMB25.2 cents (2010: RMB18.0 cents).
Being the core business of the Group, sales volume of new automobiles in 2011 amounted to 40,114 automobiles, representing an increase of 47.8% over 27,141 automobiles in 2010. The automobile dealership business performed remarkably and generated turnover totalling RMB12,953 million, representing an increase of 84.8% as over RMB7,009 million in 2010. Its gross profit contribution was RMB841 million, representing an increase of 123.7% as compared to RMB376 million in 2010, and it accounted for 60.7% of the total gross profit of the 
Chief Executive Officer and 
Group in 2011. In particular, revenue from the sales of new premium and ultra premium branded automobiles amounted to RMB10,583 million, representing an increase of 120.4% over RMB4,802 million in 2010; and accounted for 81.7% of the turnover of the automobile dealership business of the Group, representing an increase of 13.2 percentage points over 68.5% in 2010.
Gross profit from the sales of new premium and ultra premium branded automobiles amounted to RMB721 million, representing increase of 123.9% over RMB322 million in 2010; and accounted for 85.8% of the profit from the sales of new automobiles of the Group, representing an increase of 0.3 percentage points over 85.5% in 2010.
Another pillar business of the Group is after- sales services, which performed remarkably during the year 2011. Turnover was RMB1,047 million, representing an increase of 73.9% over RMB602 million in 2010. Such segment accounts for 7.3% of the total turnover of the Group. The gross profit of the after-sales services segment amounted to RMB457 million, representing an increase of 72.5% over RMB265 million in 2010.
In 2011, the Group commenced its used automobile business and recorded fast growth. The Group has established used automobile centres in three major regions including Inner Mongolia, Beijing and Hubei.
The Group also pushed ahead the after- sales extended businesses including sale of accessories, finance and insurance services for automobile. In 2011, the gross profit and profit contribution of the Group s after-sales services grew considerably, which became a contributor to the stable income of the Group.
For business segments other than automobile dealership, revenue from logistics services business and lubricant oil trading business in 2011 was approximately 
Strategic network expansion to build a solid foundation for 
In 2011, the Group completed a series of acquisitions and successfully acquired one Audi brand 4S dealership store in Nanchang, Jiangxi; one Audi brand 4S dealership store in Qingdao, Shandong; one Volvo 4S dealership store in Zhengzhou, Henan and 23 automobile 4S dealership stores of different brands and one repair store (under construction) from Top Globe Limited. Through the acquisitions, the Group successfully expanded its dealership network and optimised the brand structure and regional coverage of its dealership network, strengthening its relationship with quality automobile dealership corporations to lay a solid foundation for growth in the future. As at 31 December 2011, the Group had 59 4S dealership stores in operation nationwide (including trial operation) (of which there were 43 premium and ultra premium branded stores, accounting for 72.9% of the Group s total number of 4S dealership stores in operation (including trial operation), and comprising 20 automobile dealership brands (of which 11 brands are premium and ultra premium brands) and covering 27 cities in 12 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions.
The Group has also become a core dealer of the five major premium brands, namely BMW, Audi, Jaguar, Land Rover and Volvo.

As mentioned by the PRC government in the government s work report for 2012, the target GDP growth of China for 2012 is 7.5%. Accordingly, it is expected that China will maintain fast yet steady economic growth within a reasonable range.
Meanwhile, the State s Twelfth Five-Year Plan has clearly put forward the necessity to learn from mature international experience in accelerating and improving relevant policies, regulations and systems in the Twelfth Five-Year period and adopting effective measures to foster the rapid and healthy development of the automobile distribution sector. Leveraging on the good macro economic growth momentum, the favourable economic policies and the expected market demand, the premium branded automobile dealership sector is expected to continue its fast growth in the future. The Group will also, under such macro environment, make its best endeavours to maintain fast and sustained growth of the sales of new automobiles while adhering to the growth strategy of operating efficiency enhancement and reasonable dealership network and brand portfolio expansion. Through fostering the customer-oriented principle, optimising the after-sales services system and procedures, enhancing the quality of after-sales services and customer satisfaction, the Group is able to increase the profitability of the after-sales services segment and gradually position the same as one of the Group s pillar business segments. The Group will also actively develop of extended businesses including used automobiles, automobile accessories and automobile finance to turn them into new profit points of the Group. In addition, the Group will develop its peripheral logistics and lubricant oil trading businesses in order to complement and push ahead the principal business, namely automobile dealership, as they generate profits to the Group.
The management believes that the Company will remain a leading premium and ultra premium branded 4S dealership group in China by differentiating itself and growing in the fast growing automobile market in China in order to maximise the returns of shareholders. The Group s management and sales team will make the best endeavours to contribute to the Group s development.

The Group s remarkable results for 2011 were attributable to the efforts and dedication of all its staff and business partners. In this regard, I would like to thank the shareholders, business partners and customers on behalf of the Board for their long-term support and trust. At the same time, I would also like to express my heartfelt gratitude to the staff of the Group for their loyalty, efforts and contributions over the past year.

Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 26 March 2012 