Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to report to you that the Group s result outperformed the market and peers in the 2014 financial year, which accomplished an promising strong growth compared with the corresponding period last year.
For the year ended 31 December 2014, the revenue of the Group reached HK$1.657 billion, representing a leap of 46.1%, while the profit after tax recorded a substantial increase of 49.1% compared with the previous year to a record high at HK$802 million.
The Board of Directors has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.13 per share (2013: HK$0.13). Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.08 per share (2013: HK$0.03), the aggregate dividend for the year will be HK$0.21 per share (2013: HK$0.16).

In 2014, the trend of economic recovery was basically established in the United States, while the economy in Europe underwent a slow recovery with resistance. The Chinese economy sought to meet the strategic target of structural adjustment with growth, and the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect was formally unveiled in November 2014. As at 31 December 2014, the Hang Seng Index closed at 23,605.04 points, which concluded the whole year with a slight rise of 1%. The number of companies newly listed in the primary market of Hong Kong increased by 11% year-on-year to 122 and funds raised from IPOs amounted to HK$227.7 billion, up 35% year-on-year and total fund raised amounted to HK$935.8 billion, achieved a substantial year-on-year increase of 147%. The secondary market was picking up with the average daily turnover of HK$69.5 billion, representing a 11% rise from the same period last year.
Under this backdrop, the Group increased its resources in corporate finance, fixed income, brokerage, loan and financing, and investment businesses, which accelerated the development of above businesses.
In 2014, as the core businesses and advantageous businesses of the Group, our consultancy and financial advisory and equity capital markets businesses raised HK$33.0 billion and HK$19.0 billion, respectively, for our clients in primary market and secondary market respectively by completion of 38 projects. The income from the consultancy and financial advisory services achieved a substantial year-on-year increase of 30.6%, and the income from the equity capital markets achieved a substantial year-on-year increase of 
The Group actively expanded corporate bond issuance business and participated in 21 debt issues, the income from which increased by 239.8%.
Our dealing and broking business achieved a surge in their income in 2014. The income from the securities dealing and broking business for this year grew considerably by 48.5% compared with the previous year and that was far beyond the 11% increase in the average daily turnover of the market in Hong Kong. The advanced and efficient online trading platform of the Group supports tradings in 8 stock markets, namely, Hong Kong, the United States, A share and B share markets of Shanghai, B share markets of Shenzhen, the United Kingdom, Japan, Canada and Singapore, and covers stock market of Malaysia, Korea, Australia and Taiwan and global bond market, and 21 futures markets as well as leveraged foreign exchange trading including offshore Renminbi. The said platform has been extensively endorsed by our clients and the market. Currently, more than 90% of the clients of the Group came from Mainland China. The number of new client accounts opened exceeded 13,000 in 2014.
To support the rapid growth in the brokerage operations, the Group has been accelerating and innovating its loan and financing business with increased capital investment. A rapid increase in interest income from loans and financing was secured, and such income has become one of the most important income sources of the Group. Among which, the interest income of margin loans amounted to HK$550 million, increased by 80.5% in 2014 when compared with the previous year.
Besides, the Group s asset management operation delivered a substantial growth of 46.9%.
Apart from facilitating the rapid income growth, we also enhanced our cost and expense management, effectively boosting our operating leverage.

Looking into 2015, it is expected that the pace of recovery in the United States will accelerate, and Europe s economy will turnaround, providing opportunities for global economic growth. On the other hand, as a result of the expectation that U.S. dollar will appreciate following interest rate hike and increasing capital inflow into developed markets such as the United States, there would be impacts on the capital markets of Hong Kong and China. In China, from a domestic perspective, measures of deepening reform and structural adjustment implemented by current government have brought initial success, it would take more time for reaping the benefits of reform. On monetary policy, neutral to slightly relaxed will be the key policy tone. The possibility of cuts in bank reserve requirement ratio and benchmark interest rates is high. Based on the foregoing, we are prudently optimistic about the future development of Hong Kong securities market.
Against this backdrop, we will rely on beneficial market position such as strong reputation, broad client base and diversified investment product portfolio of Guotai Junan, the parent company of the Group and one of the largest securities firms in Mainland China, to further develop on the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and grasp the opportunity from the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect. We will actively consolidate the Group s advantages in cross-border operations and continue to promote our strategy of business and market diversification. In addition, the Group will leverage on the convenience, efficiency and functionality of its integrated trading platform to encourage and assist PRC high-end clients in their global asset allocation. The above actions will ensure that the Group will maintain stable, speedy and sustainable development.
In 2015, the Group will increase its capital base, operating capability for large-scale financing projects, the ability to respond to market volatility and profitability. The Group will also enhance the development of its corporate finance, debt financing as well as asset and wealth management businesses with a view to driving a steady and fast growth in its income and revenue.
As the offshore business platform of Guotai Junan, the Group will continue to fully leverage our advantages in core talent, risk control, information technology and innovative capability to establish core competitiveness, enrich product and service, broaden its client base, optimize the income structure and accelerate international layout. We are committed to developing ourselves into a leading international investment bank in the Asia Pacific region and will do our every best to maximize the values for our shareholders.
Dr. YIM Fung, JP 
Guotai Junan International Holdings Limited 5 March 2015 