Chairman s Statement Affected by a series of macroeconomic events, the Hong Kong stock market fluctuated significantly in 2010. The Hang Seng Index rose by only 5.3% for the full year. However, I am pleased to report to you that during the first financial year after listing which ended 31 December 2010, Guotai Junan International Holdings Limited (the Company ) together with its subsidiaries (collectively known as the Group ) achieved remarkable growth in the core business areas.
Income of the Group increased by 12.1% to HK$658.1 million (2009: HK$587.1 million), of which income from the core business increased by 21.5% to HK$640.5 million (2009: HK$527.0 million). Profit after tax from the core business amounted to HK$235.0 million, an increase of 27.7% over 2009. Although the core business achieved growth, profit attributable to shareholders of the Company for this financial year decreased by 16.0% to HK$250.7 million (2009: HK$298.3 million) due to the disposal of the fund investment business by the Group in 2009 and the realization of non-recurring income of HK$56.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2009.
The board of directors of the Company (the Board ) recommends the payment of a final dividend of 5 Hong Kong cents per share for this financial year. Upon approval by shareholders of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the dividend is expected to be paid around early May 2011. As a result of the proposed final dividend together with the interim dividend for 2010 of 2 Hong Kong cents per share, dividends paid for the full year of 2010 amount to a total of 7 Hong Kong cents per share.

In the first half of 2010, the full-scale outbreak of the European sovereign debt crisis, the increase in the deposit reserve ratio for three times in Mainland China and the introduction of the most stringent control measure in recent years, e WASh , caused the Hang Seng Index to drop to a full-year low in the second quarter. In the second half year, affected by the second round of the quantitative easing policy(QE2) implemented by the United States, whose scale far exceeded than that expected, and driven by the accelerating appreciation of Renmibi, the market once saw a strong rebound but subsequently declined again under the influence of such factors as the tightening of macroeconomic control measures by Mainland China.
The fluctuation of the Hang Seng Index for the full year was almost 6,000 points, with weaker momentum than that of most major stock indices in the world.
In this volatile market environment, the Group maintained its good performance.
Our four core business areas, namely dealing and broking, margin and other financing, corporate finance and asset management, achieved remarkable growth. In particular, the growth of income from the asset management business reached 85.2%. Costin New Materials Group Limited ( wmqgRePgeW gPlQS ) (2228) sponsored by us became the initial public offering (IPO) project with the largest increase in share price in the Hong Kong stock market in 2010. It was called the King of Stocks by overseas media. The sharp increase in income from the margin financing business was attributed to more funds invested by the Group after its listing. This also demonstrated the allocation of funds after listing made by us based on the market situation was correct and forward-looking.

Guotai Junan Securities Company Limited ( Guotai Junan ), the controlling shareholder of the Group, is one of the largest securities houses in Mainland China.
Being the only offshore institution established by Guotai Junan, we will rely on the extensive sales network and customer resources of Guotai Junan in Mainland China to expand the scope of financial services. Our development objective is to become a regional international financial service company with full financial service capabilities and at the same time become an overseas platform for Guotai Junan to implement its international strategy and expand cross-border business. That is to say, we will provide global investment services to customers within the PRC and will provide opportunities for overseas customers to invest in the PRC market.
According to the development plan of the Group, we will continue to develop the broking business. Our one-stop electronic investment platform will further cover all major investment markets around the world (other than the A share market of the PRC). We will continue to expand the margin financing business so as to promote the growth of the broking business. We will expand the cross-border corporate finance business and assist customers in Hong Kong, Mainland China and other countries to pursue corporate finance and acquisition opportunities. We will extend our asset management services to international investment funds seeking investment opportunities in the Greater China region, and to develop our private wealth management business. While developing new business and expanding the scope of financial services, we will also further strengthen our customer base and gradually establish a sales network for international institutional investors to enhance the Group s core competitiveness.
LOOKING FORWARD TO 2011 In 2011, the global economy will see a slowdown in its growth, mainly because developed economies, especially the United States, are still on the track of recovery and can hardly restore steady and rapid growth in the short term. Besides, the general high unemployment rates of developed countries, the European debt crisis and the instability of global financial markets have created uncertainties about the recovery of the economy. As for Mainland China, because of the high inflation expectation, a moderate slowdown in the domestic economy has become a consensus. However, being the starting year of the 12th Five-year Plan , the increase in the domestic demand, the development of emerging industries and the improvement of the investment environment have generated new growth hotspots.
Therefore, we are cautiously optimistic about the growth of the domestic economy of the PRC in 2011.
In the coming year, the Group will continue to adopt an aggressive while stable operation strategy, strive to develop and expand our diversified operations and maintain our good risk management, asset and liability management and cost control tradition. Although the prospect of global economic recovery is still uncertain, we are optimistic about the domestic economic outlook of the PRC and the prospect of the Group which relies on the strong support from our parent company in the PRC. We believe we are equipped with the favourable elements of capturing market opportunities in both short and long term and also have the ability to generate stable and attractive returns for our shareholders.
At last, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our core groups - our shareholders, customers and staff - for their full support and participation in the development of the Group last year.
Dr. CHEN Geng 
Hong Kong, 28 March 2011 