Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to report to you that the Group has outstanding performance in our operating results for the financial year of 2015, and accomplished remarkable growth when compared with the corresponding period of last year.
For the year ended 31 December 2015, the revenue of the Group increased by 37.4% to HK$2.277 billion during this financial year and profit after tax recorded a substantial growth of 26.6% to HK$1.015 billion, reaching a new historical high level.
The Board of Directors has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.04 per share (2014: HK$0.043). Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.035 per share (2014: HK$0.027), the aggregate dividend for the year will be HK$0.075 per share (2014: 
2015 was a year of roller-coaster movements in the capital market of Hong Kong. In a volatile market environment, the Group increased its resources in the brokerage, loans and financing, corporate finance, fixed income, investment holding and market making businesses, while actively strengthened risk management in order to avoid the impact of significant market risk and credit risk.
In 2015, the Group recorded a substantial growth in revenue from the brokerage business in the global equities, futures and foreign exchange market. Total revenue from the brokerage business for the full year increased by 43.5% to HK$720 million as compared with the previous year. The number of the Group s new customers exceeded 23,000 in 2015 and more than 90% were customers from Mainland China. The Group s online trading platform supported a total of 8 stock markets, namely, Hong Kong, United States, Shanghai A Shares, Shanghai B Shares, Shenzhen B Shares, United Kingdom, Japan, Canada and Singapore, with coverage over the stock markets in Malaysia, South Korea, Australia and Taiwan and global bond markets, as well as 21 futures markets worldwide including leveraged foreign exchange trading for 8 currency pairs and 21 cross-currency pairs, inclusive of offshore Renminbi, and was recognized by customers and markets in general.
To meet the needs of rapid growth in the brokerage business, the Group obtained HK$10.5 billion of syndicated loan facility in April and increased capital investments by leveraging on the favourable market opportunity in the first half of the year, and accelerated innovations in the loans and financing business. As a result, interest income from loans and financing grew rapidly and became one of the most important sources of income for the Group. In 2015, revenue from margin loans and other financing amounted to HK$1.076 billion, increased significantly by 48.9% as compared with the previous year.
Aport from driving the rapid growth in revenue, we also continued to strengthen cost and expenses management, and effectively improved the operating leverage of the Group.
Profit after tax increased by 26.6%, maintaining a high growth momentum.
The Group stepped up the pace of business innovation and international development.
During the second half of 2015, the Group invested resources on the development and innovation of structured products, and established a professional team. The Group also actively planned for a presence in Southeast Asia. Guotai Junan International (Singapore) Holdings Pte. Limited and Guotai Junan International Asset Management (Singapore) Pte.
Limited were incorporated to lay the foundation for sustainable and stable growth in business, revenue and profit.
In view of our outstanding results track record of stable growth, optimistic development prospect and our broad and solid investor base, the Group was admitted as a constituent stock of Hang Seng Composite LargeCap & MidCap Index in September 2015 and an eligible stock for trading under Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect, reflecting the Company s financial strength as a comprehensive financial service institution and its leading position among Chinese securities firms in Hong Kong.

Looking ahead in 2016, the possibility of an interest hike in the United States is expected to weaken, and Japan and Europe still sustain a negative interest rate environment. The trend of capital flows into the United States and other developed markets will slow down. From the internal perspective of China, the anti-corruption campaign of the ruling government achieved results in stages. Although economic growth was lower under the new normal condition, it is expected that after the adjournment of the NPC and CPPCC meetings, measures for structural adjustments, further reforms and faster liberalization will be further driven and implemented, and national development strategies, such as One Belt One Road and Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, are expected to be accelerated in progress. Faced with increasing pressure on the exchange rate of Renminbi and the emergence of a trend of capital outflow, a neutral to slightly relaxed monetary policy is highly likely, and an active fiscal policy is possible to be implemented to create a positive impact on economic growth. Considering all of the factors above, we are cautiously optimistic about the future developments in the securities markets of Mainland and Hong 
Under this backdrop, 2016 will be a year to step up internationalization for Guotai Junan.
We will continue to leverage on favourable factors, such as the Group s controlling shareholder being one of the largest securities firms in Mainland, famous reputation, solid customer base and wide range of investment products, to maximize the results of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect, capture the opportunities arising from Shenzhen- Hong Kong Stock Connect, and actively increase the Group s advantages in cross- border business; and by insisting on the implementation of diversified business and market strategies, fully utilizing the convenient, efficient and practical characteristics of the integrated trading platform, encouraging and guiding high net worth customers in Mainland to pursue global asset allocations, to ensure steady, rapid and sustainable growth of the Group; and actively promote the business development of the Group in Hong Kong, Singapore and other Southeast Asian regions.
In business directions, the Group will base on its enhanced capital strength in 2016 to increase the operation capacity in large-scale capital-based and intermediary investment and financing projects, acquire the capabilities to achieve diversified profits and strengthen the comprehensive risk management capabilities, while maintaining fast growth in the brokerage business and financing business, developments in corporate finance, fixed income financing, asset management and wealth management businesses will also be accelerated to drive the steady and rapid growth in revenue.
As a large-scale overseas business platform for Guotai Junan, the Group will continue to fully maximize our advantages in trading skills, core talents, innovative ability and risk control to enhance core competitiveness, expand customer base, enrich the offerings of our services, optimize the mix of income and accelerate international development. We will dedicate our efforts, as we did in the past, to develop into a leading and significantly influential international investment bank in the Asia Pacific region to maximize the value created for the Group s shareholders.
Dr. YIM Fung, JP Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Guotai Junan International Holdings Limited 18 March 2016 