Chairman s Statement 
Continued to be influenced by various issues such as the exacerbation of the European debt crisis, the slow economic recovery in United States and the contraction of economy in China, the Hong Kong market experienced fluctuations and the market turnover decreased significantly in the first half of the year in 2012. With the launch of the Outright Monetary Transactions by the European Central Bank and the third stage of the Quantitative Easing measures by the government of United States in the third quarter, the market picked up significantly both in terms of the performance and the turnover since then. Against this backdrop, I am pleased to report that the Group s performance exceeded expectation and achieved encouraging results for the year.
For the year ended 31 December 2012, the revenue of the Group maintained a stable growth to HK$786.6 million, increased by 12.3% as compared to last year. The profit attributable to shareholders for the year was HK$307.0 million, representing an increase of 6.7%. The Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of HK$7 cents per share (2011: HK$6 cents). Together with the interim dividend of HK$3 cents per share (2011: HK$3 cents), total dividend for the year will be HK$10 cents per share.

2012 was a turbulent year. Following the path of the external economic instances, the Hang Seng Index was on a roller coaster, climbed up to the first peak in March and turned down sharply as a result of sign of exacerbation of the European debt crisis. After the launch of Outright Monetary Transactions by the European Central Bank and the third stage of the Quantitative Easing measures by the government of United States in the third quarter, the market performance picked up and the Hang Seng Index ultimately closed at 22,657, representing an increase of 22.9% as compared to last year.
Throughout the year, market sentiment remained weak and investors were lack of motivation to participate in the market. Although the market turnover picked up in the fourth quarter, the average daily market turnover dropped by 23% in 2012. In addition, capital market activities decreased significantly due to poor market conditions. The total fund raised in the market through IPO decreased by 65% while the number of newly listed companies in the market decreased by 37% as compared to 2011. However, debt market activities became very active in 2012.
Under such a severe market environment, the Group was able to deliver satisfactory results in which it achieved a growth in revenue of 12.3% and an increase in profit attributable to shareholders of 6.7%. This was contributed to the success of the Group s long term development strategy: commitment in diversifying business while at the same time maintaining a healthy cost structure. By persisting in the innovation in the finance business, the Group participated in bridging loan business, in which the Group had successfully provided finance to a Chinese company to facilitate its privatization and delisting in the US market. Taking the opportunity of the blooming of the debt market activities, the Group set up a Global Markets Department, focusing on providing debt orientation services as well as secondary market facilitation services to our clients and achieved promising results during the year. The landmark case in assisting a Chinese enterprise to converting its B share into H share and listed in the Stock Exchange brought the Group to a new chapter in corporate finance and brokerage businesses. The success of the case not just speeded up the B share reform in China but also brought into new business to the Group.
Our success in business was not only reflected in our results but also received recognition from the public. During the year, we had been awarded the Best Investment Value Listed Company Award in China Securities Golden Bauhinia Awards 2012 by Ta Kung Pao, the Best Hong Kong Securities Company Award in The First International Financial Annual Champion Award 2012 by Hexin Online, the Most Popular Hong Kong Securities Company Award in Impact on China 2012 by QQ.com and the 2012 Most Outstanding Investment and Corporate Finance Enterprise Award by Wen Wei Po.

Being one of the leading securities companies in China, our controlling shareholder, Guotai Junan Securities Company Limited ( Guotai Junan ) is at the forefront of the industry in terms of its overall strength and innovative abilities. The Group is the only offshore platform to implement its internationalization strategy. As such, our position is to base in Hong Kong, rely on the strong network in China and explore international business.
We aim to be a regional financial services company with comprehensive financial services capabilities. We endeavor to provide global investment and corporate finance services to our customers in China while at the same time provide overseas investors with an access to capital markets in China.
Currently, the reform in China s securities industry and the internationalization of RMB are in full swing. The construction of the Hong Kong offshore RMB market is moving fast. Market demands drive the needs for the innovation of cross-border business. This undoubtedly creates opportunities for Chinese securities companies in Hong Kong. The Group will collaborate with Guotai Junan and to utilize its extensive customer network and resource advantages in Mainland China. Taking this historical opportunity, the Group will strive to achieve a breakthrough in its overall business scale and competitive strength.
While we continue to devote greater efforts in expanding our conventional businesses, we will continue to search for business innovations and catch up with the pace of the fast-moving developments in the market. We also devote to establish a sales network comprising of international institutional investors and mainland China investors and to reinforce the Group s international competitiveness.

Looking forward to 2013, we see a lot of business opportunities in front of us. A new round of reform in the securities industry in China is coming up, and policies that have significant impact on the development of China s capital markets are changing.
Cross-border capital market business is expected to grow rapidly. Facing at all these opportunities, we will leverage on our tradition of business innovation and to capture and transform all these opportunities into generic businesses.
The Group will continue its proactive while prudent operating approach, devoting more efforts in expanding innovative business while at the same time maintaining steady development in conventional businesses. While we are expanding our businesses, our core value will be maintained: a sound risk management and a healthy cost structure. We are confident in generating a stable, sustainable and attractive investment return to our 
At last, taking this opportunity, I would like to extend my heartfelt thank to all of our shareholders, valued customers, business partners and staff for the full support and contribution to the success of the Group last year. I look forward to your continued participation and witnessing of the success of the Group in the future.
Dr. YIM Fung Chairman and CEO 
14 March 2013 