Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
I am pleased to report to you that the Group’s operating results outperformed the market and its peers for the financial year
of 2016, despite of the high volatility of the market and multiple events of “Black Swans”. Earnings maintained the good
momentum of growth with slight increase recorded as compared with the corresponding period of last year, and our financial
indicators such as return on equity of ordinary equity holders and growth rate of earnings kept leading the industry.
For the year ended 31 December 2016, profit after tax of the Group recorded a slight growth of 1% from 2015 to HK$1.026
billion during the financial year, reaching a new historical high level. The Board of Directors has recommended the payment
of a final dividend of HK$0.045 per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.03 per share, the aggregate dividend
for the year will be HK$0.075 per share.
The Group achieved a steady growth in a volatile market environment under our profound risk management skill. In 2016,
the Company was recognised as the “Securities House of the Year” in “Asia Risk Management Awards 2016” by Asia
Risk, an authoritative magazine in the field of risk control, fully reflecting the Company’s leading positions in the industry and
prominent core competitiveness.
Results Review
2016 was a year of roller-coaster movement in the capital market of Hong Kong. Against the market challenges, the Group
stood firm and achieved fruitful results. Due to the combined impact of the circuit breaking mechanism incident in A share
market and the increasing outflow of liquidity resulted from expected interest rate hike in US, Hong Kong securities market
was under strong downside pressure. In 2016, the daily average turnover amount decreased YoY by 37%; funds raised
through IPOs reduced YoY by 26%; gross proceeds reduced YoY by 56%. The revenue and profit in brokerage industry of
Hong Kong has significantly decreased.
Faced with difficulties, the Group had increased resources in corporate finance, fixed income, loans and financing, financial
products and market making business, and received rewarding results. Investment bank business of the Group had been
strengthened. In primary market, we completed 21 IPO projects by which newly listed companies raised a fund over HK$57
billion. In secondary market, the fund raised was more than HK$2.7 billion. Upon completion of 47 bond issue projects, we
assisted corporations on fund raising in a total of over HK$85 billion in the debt capital market. For brokerage and margin loans
business, the Group had been expanding customer base by leveraging its professional knowledge of and reputation in both
China and Hong Kong capital markets, resulting in a sharp increase in market share in brokerage business and a remarkable
growth in the average balance and interest income of margin loans for the year. During the period, the revenues from financial
products and market making business had a faster pace of growth and had a noticeable contribution to the Group. In order
to maintain stable profit and sustainable growth while pursuing higher revenue, the Group would continue to strengthen cost
and expenses management.
Under the backdrop of downside in peers performance, the Company achieved steady growths on account of the high
priority on risk management rooted in our strategy of business development and management culture since the Group’s
incorporation. In 2016, in response to complicated and changing market environments, we increased our risk control capacity
by implementation of comprehensive risk management frameworks, rules and systems at the Group level. During the year,
Moody’s and Standards & Poor’s rated the Group as “Baa2/Prime-2” and “BBB/A-2” respectively. The ratings represented
high recognitions and appreciations of the rating agencies on the Group’s adoption of prudent risk management, low risk
orientation and steady operational strategy.
According to the analysis of loan-to-value ratio and cost of debt capital, the improvement of risk control management had
effectively reduced the Group’s Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC). The tactical value of strategy of increasing risk
neutral income had been materialized in the form of lowered revenue volatility and strengthened profit stability.
Outlook
Looking ahead in 2017, the US dollar will remain on the track of interest rate hike, and will maintain its upward trend in the
middle term regardless of the short-term readjustment driven by Trump Administration’s export promotion policy, imposing
the liquidity outflow impact on Hong Kong, mainland China and other emerging markets. Moreover, the global market is
expected to undergo more volatility in 2017 due to the expanding trade frictions between China and the United States since
Donald Trump took office, the unclear impact from the follow-up development of Brexit and the unpredictable outcomes of
the presidential elections of France and Germany.
After the 19th National Congress is concluded, the economy of the mainland China will hopefully bottom out. However, its
economic growth rate will be affected by the shifts of American policy and other external factors. It is expected that China’s
monetary policy will remain prudent and neutral. And its proactive fiscal policy is an important option for the policymakers. In
general, we hold a prudent and optimistic view about the prospect of China’s economic growth.
In 2017, our business will witness more growth opportunities coming from three factors: the rising financing demand
brought by overseas mergers and acquisitions and international development of the Mainland enterprises, Chinese residents’
growing demand for overseas assets allocation and the rapid implementation of the government’s One Belt and One Road
Strategy. As a large-scale overseas business platform of Guotai Junan Securities Co.,Ltd., we have strong support from the
parent company. We will take the opportunity of IPO for H shares of parent company in Hong Kong to further strengthen
our own cross-boarder investing and financing services, and strive to explore the international emerging markets such as
the Southeast Asia market in addition to enriching our services in Hong Kong market. Furthermore, we will improve our
comprehensive ability in financial services in order to provide diversified financial products and high-quality financing solutions
for our corporate, institutional and individual clients.
Dear shareholders, in 2017, we will continue to capitalise on our core advantages in risk management system, trading
platform, professional personnel and innovation, and devote ourselves to further expanding our customer base, enriching
product portfolio, further improving our services, and optimising income structure with a view to create more values for our
shareholders.
Dr. YIM Fung, JP
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Guotai Junan International Holdings Limited
17 February 2017