Chairman s Statement In 2011, affected by factors such as the exacerbation of the debt crisis in Europe and the United States, turbulence in the global market and the economic contraction in the PRC, the Hong Kong market had experienced a drastic drop, with the Hang Seng Index and the China Enterprises Index dipping 20% and 21.7%, respectively. Amidst such weak market conditions, I am pleased to report to you that Guotai Junan International Holdings Limited (the Company ) together with its subsidiaries (collectively known as the Group ) achieved grateful growth in business for the year ended 31 December 2011.
Income from operations of the Group for this financial year was HK$703.2 million, an increase of 6.8% over 2010. Profit before tax was HK$330.2 million, an increase of 14.5% over 2010. Profit attributable to shareholders reached HK$287.7 million, an increase of 14.8% over 2010.
The board of directors of the Company recommends the payment of a final dividend of 6 Hong Kong cents per share for this financial year. Together with the interim dividend for 2011 of 3 Hong Kong cents per share, dividends paid for the full year of 2011 amount to a total of 9 Hong Kong cents per share.

During the year of 2011, against a backdrop of the continued exacerbation of the European debt crisis, the monetary squeeze in the PRC and the United States and various countries in the Eurozone being downgraded by rating agencies, the Hang Seng Index declined after hitting its annual high at 24,468.64 points in early April, with the minimum level hitting 16,170.35 points, the fluctuation was more than 8,000 points. Funds raised in the market for the full year decreased by 43%. Almost 70% of new issues had their prices dropping below issue prices. The number of IPO projects shelved was the highest in the recent 10 years.
Under such an extremely unfavourable market environment, the Group was committed to business expansion and cost control, and has achieved a satisfactory performance. By persisting in the innovation of the financing business, the Group recorded income growth of 111.8% in this business area. We are currently participating in a U.S. capital market privatization project, which has significantly enhanced our reputation in the international market. Guotai Junan Great Dragon China Fixed Income Fund , a RMB Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors scheme ( RQFII ) product designed by the Group, has obtained approval from the SFC in Hong Kong, making it the first approved RQFII product of a securities firm.
In addition, since 5 March 2011, the Company has been officially included as a financial constituent stock of the Hong Kong Hang Seng Composite Index and became the only PRC-funded securities dealer constituent stock.

Being one of the largest securities houses in Mainland China, Guotai Junan Securities Company Limited ( Guotai Junan ), the controlling shareholder of the Group, is at the forefront of the industry in terms of its overall strength and the rankings of its various operations. The Group is the only entity established by Guotai Junan overseas and is also the major platform for Guotai Junan to implement its internationalization strategy and develop its overseas operations. Our basic development positioning is to rely on the support of Mainland China, base in Hong Kong, target the global market and become a regional international financial service company with comprehensive financial service capabilities. We will endeavor to provide global investment services to customers in the PRC and provide overseas customers with opportunities for participating in investment in the domestic PRC 
Currently, the construction of the Hong Kong offshore RMB market is in full swing.
Fast-growing RMB deposits and market demand will continually drive the innovation of the RMB cross-border business. This undoubtedly will create an opportunity for the rise of PRC-funded securities houses. The Group will continue to rely on the extensive customer network and resource advantages of Guotai Junan in Mainland China and its own operating and development experience in Hong Kong over the years. By grasping this historical opportunity, the Group will strive to achieve an even greater breakthrough in its overall scale and business competitive strength.
According to the Group s development plan, we will continue to devote great efforts to develop the financing business as well as conventional businesses such as broking, corporate finance and asset management. For the financing business, we will further strengthen business innovation by taking advantage of the U.S. capital market privatization project; for the broking business, the one-stop electronic investment platform will further cover the major investment markets in the world (other than the A shares market in the PRC); for the corporate finance business, we will step up efforts in developing overseas markets and cross-border operations to strive for growth in both income and market share; for the asset management business, we will capitalize on the operation of the RQFII fund and the Equity Income Fund to enhance our brand image. Moreover, we will also gradually establish a sales network comprising international institutional investors to reinforce the Group s international 
LOOKING FORWARD TO 2012 Despite a slowdown in its growth, the global economy is gradually returning to its healthy path. The monetary policy in the PRC has also become relaxed. So long as the European debt crisis no longer deteriorates, the year of 2012 is expected to be a year of improvement.
The Group will continue its proactive and prudent operating strategy, step up efforts in expanding innovative operations and promote the steady development of the conventional businesses. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to maintain sound cost control and risk management. We have confidence in continuing to generate sustained, stable and attractive investment returns for our shareholders.
At last, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude again to our shareholders, customers and staff for their full support in the development of the Group and look forward to your continued participation and witnessing of the growth of the Group.
Dr. CHEN Geng 
23 February 2012 