Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to report to you that the Group outperformed the market in the year 2013 with better-than-expected results, which accomplished an exciting significant growth compared with the corresponding period last year.
For the year ended 31 December 2013, the revenue of the Group reached HK$1.134 billion, representing a leap of 44.2%, while the profit after tax recorded a substantial increase of 75.1% from the previous year to a record high at HK$538 million.
The Board of Directors has recommended the payment of a final dividend of 13 HK cents per share (2012: 7 HK cents). Together with the interim dividend of 3 HK cents per share (2012: 3 HK cents), the aggregate dividend for the year will be 16 HK cents per share (2012: 10 HK cents).

In 2013, the trend of economic recovery was basically established in the United States, while the economy in Europe underwent a slow recovery. The Chinese economy achieved a stable growth even though it was in the process of structural adjustments.
Upward momentum was observed in global capital markets. As at 31 December 2013, the Hang Seng Index closed at 23,306.39 points, which concluded the whole year with a slight rise of 3%. The number of companies newly listed in the primary market of Hong Kong increased by 72% year on year to 110 and funds raised from IPOs amounted to HK$166.5 billion, up 85% year on year . The secondary market was picking up with the average daily turnover of HK$62.6 billion, representing a 16% rise from the same period 
Under the landscape of the global market recovery, the Group accelerated the development of its brokerage, loan and financing, corporate financing and investment 
As the core businesses of the Group, the global dealing and broking operations achieved a surge in their income in 2013. The income from the brokerage business grew considerably by 42.5% compared with the previous year and that was far beyond the 16% increase in the average daily turnover of the market. The advanced and efficient online trading platform of the Group supports tradings in 9 stock markets, namely, Hong Kong, the United States, Japan, the United Kingdom, Canada, Singapore, Taiwan and the B share markets of Shanghai and Shenzhen, and 21 futures markets as well as leveraged foreign exchange trading in 8 currency pairs and 21 cross currency pairs, including offshore renminbi. The said platform has been extensively endorsed by our clients and the market.
Currently, more than 90% of the clients of the Group came from Mainland China. The number of new client accounts opened exceeded 10,000 in 2013.
To support the rapid growth in the brokerage operations, the Group has been innovating its loans and financing business with increased capital investment. As a result, a rapid increase in interest income from loans and financing was secured, and such income has become one of the most important income sources of the Group. In 2013, the interest income rose significantly by 44.1% compared with the previous year.
In 2013, the Group established an investment committee to strengthen the planning and management of its investment operations, whose income surged by 209.2% from the previous year and has become an important impetus for the income growth of the Group.
Besides, the Group accomplished a swift growth in the fixed-income business in 2013, while its corporate financing and asset management operations delivered good results.
Apart from facilitating the rapid income growth, we also enhanced our cost and expense management, which led our cost-to-income ratio to decrease from 55% in 2012 to 46% in 2013, effectively boosting our operating efficiency.

Looking into 2014, we anticipate that the pace of recovery in the United States and Europe will accelerate, providing global economic development with growth opportunities.
On the other hand, as a result of the recovery in the United States economy and stock market, the phasing out of the quantitative easing policy, U.S. dollar appreciation and increasing capital inflow into developed markets, there would be impacts on the capital markets of developing countries. In China, from a domestic perspective, there is a time lag in the actual efficacy of the reform measures deepened by the government, and the benefits of reform will need a longer time to be reflected and realized. Therefore, it is expected that the securities market of Hong Kong will grow amid corrections in 2014.
Against this backdrop, the Group is prudently optimistic about the market development in Hong Kong in 2014. We will continue to rely on the strong reputation, broad client base and diversified investment product portfolio of Guotai Junan, the parent company of the Group and one of the largest securities firms in Mainland China, to strengthen synergy and interaction between us. We will actively consolidate the Group s advantages in cross-border operations and continue to promote our strategy of business and market diversification. In addition, the Group will leverage on the convenience, efficiency and functionality of its integrated trading platform to encourage and assist clients in their global asset allocation. The above actions will ensure that the Group will maintain stable development and growth in an ever-changing economic environment.
In 2014, the Group will increase its financing capability, capital reserves, operating capability for large-scale investment and financing projects, ability to respond to market volatility and profitability. The Group will also enhance its corporate finance, debt financing as well as asset and wealth management businesses with a view to driving a steady and fast growth in its income and revenue.
As the offshore business platform and the start for the internationalization of our parent company, the Group will fully leverage its advantages in development strategy, core talent, risk control and information technology to establish core competitiveness, keep on improvement and innovation, enrich product and service, broaden its client base and optimize the income structure. We are committed to developing ourselves into a leading international investment bank in the Asia Pacific region and will do our every best to maximize the values for our shareholders.
Dr. YIM Fung, JP 
Guotai Junan International Holdings Limited 13 March 2014 