Letter to the Shareholders Kong Jian Min 
KWG Property experienced a great 2009. We successfully executed our expansion strategy, and grew from a Guangzhou-focused developer into meaningful contribution from 4 cities, namely Guangzhou, Beijing, Chengdu and Suzhou.
We achieved total pre-sales of approximately RMB7.6 billion, which represented a 3 times increase from 2008. As compared to our original pre-sale target of RMB5 billion, we achieved 50% more, demonstrating our ability to push through sales with strong pipeline. Given such strong pre-sales result, we have locked in approximately 60% of our 2010 delivery target, providing strong visibility to our expected financial performance in 2010.

KWG Property has also sensibly managed our land bank during 2009. In terms of the new land market, given continuous high priced transactions in the public auction market, KWG Property was very selective in our participation and has bought just one piece of auction land in our home base, Guangzhou's Pearl River New Town, during 2009. Our three other acquisitions, namely in, Guangzhou Zengcheng, Suzhou and Chengdu, were through private negotiations which allowed us to manage our land cost to a reasonable level. As at 31 December 2009, we have a total land bank of approximately 7 million sq.m. of gross floor area ( GFA ). We have also continued to pay down our outstanding land premiums during 2009. This positions us favorably for future land acquisitions in 2010 and beyond.

Leveraging our strong pre-sales performance, KWG Property has been maintaining a prudent financial discipline. We continued to expand our financial resources with domestic and international banks, and broadened our shareholder base through a new share placement in July 2009. As at 31 December 2009, our net gearing stood at 48.4%. In terms of financial resources available for use, we have cash on hand of approximately RMB3.6 billion and unused banking facilities of approximately RMB11 billion, further providing us deep cushion for our growth.

Lastly, I would like to thank our shareholders, investors, business partners and customers for their ardent support of and confidence in KWG Property in the past year. We look forward to driving KWG Property to new heights in 2010.

Kong Jian Min Chairman 
