I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2011. During the period under review, the Group recorded total revenue of approximately RMB10,122.6 million, representing a year-on- year increase of 35.6%. Profit attributable to shareholders was approximately RMB2,103.4 million, representing an increase of 64.1% from the previous year. Earnings per share amounted to RMB73 cents.
A Diversified Portfolio with Outstanding Contributions from 
2011 was a year of correction for the property industry.
Government launched austerity measures during the year, such as the Home Purchase Restriction, regional price caps, bank loan restrictions and property tax, to steer the property industry towards rational and stable development and to prevent an industry bubble. The Group responded proactively by diversifying its product portfolio. In addition to residential products, we placed special emphasis on launching commercial projects or products such as office, serviced apartments, retail shops and car parks, which are not subject to the Home Purchase Restriction or loan restrictions. As a result, there was a significant growth in sales contributions from commercial properties for the year under review, as compared to the previous year. For example, we continued to report outstanding sales during the year for International Creative Valley, a commercial project in Guangzhou, while The Riviera, another commercial project located in Pearl River New Town of Guangzhou, also achieved remarkable sales as over 100 units were sold on its debut in mid-November.
The Group s for-sale commercial products in other regions are also expected to be launched in 2012. Meanwhile, the Group reshuffled its construction schedule to launch the commercial components of its existing projects in advance.
The launch of commercial properties helped to mitigate the impact of government policies as it has enabled the cash inflow against limitations imposed by the Home 
Broadened Funding Channels to Enhance Financial Strength The Group has always adhered to rigorous financial discipline. We secured credit facilities in an increasingly austere credit environment by maintaining good working relationships with our current onshore banking partners.
Meanwhile, we also gained access to broader sources of offshore financing underpinned by our solid sales, sound credit records and a healthy balance sheet. In March, we completed a successful fund raising exercise with the issue of a USD350 million 5-year senior note. In addition, we also secured two offshore bank loans, which included: a HKD2,600 million-equivalent 3-year loan for the Amazing Bay ( V}cp ) in Shanghai extended to the Group and R&F Properties in June; and a HKD1,075 million 5-year loan for the Chengdu Jinjiang Project extended to the Group and Hongkong Land China Holdings Limited in November.
These additional financing sources saves us from undue reliance on domestic banks as a single source for financing and will facilitate further risk diversification and sustain the Group s stable development.
Prudent Cash Flow Management Underpinned by Disciplined Land 
The Group continued to exercise strict discipline in land acquisitions, with a view to enhance cash flow management and achieve strategic balance between risk management and expansion amidst market uncertainties.
On one hand, the Group continued to closely monitor the down cycle land market, with an eye for opportunities to acquire premium sites at attractive prices. On the other hand, we targeted specifically at smaller sites with controllable lump sum in regions where we had already established our presence. This approach facilitated resource sharing and integration, while allowing us to penetrate our markets and expand our presence in a prudent manner without affecting cash flow. The Group selectively acquired several small sites with lower capital outlay requirements during the year, following a stringent selection process.
As a result, we have been in a relatively advantageous position even at a time of market volatility.
Timely Adjustments in Strategies to Address Market Changes Changes emerged in the market following the government s regulatory policies implemented during the year. We have been closely monitoring such changes and making corresponding adjustments to our strategies. In respect of existing projects, we sought to increase sales to target buyers by offering promotional packages. For new projects, our pricing strategy was in tandem with market trends, with a view to achieving balance between volume and prices. In addition, we were also committed to broadening our product types and optimising the layout designs of our products, aiming to increase mid-end products, typically medium-sized apartments with compact layouts, to attract a larger base of potential buyers.

In 2012, we will continue to keep a prudent manner on our business development, whilist always being prepared for market changes. With the increase in the number of sales-contributing cities and available for sale projects, ample sellable resources comprising meaningful components of commercial properties, as well as growing reputation and brand recognition, the Group looks to solidify business development in regions where it has already established its presence. We will address market changes with a yet more sensible mindset and enhance our risk aversion ability with ongoing efforts to exercise stringent financial discipline, strengthen cash flow control and bolster internal management.

Last but not least, may I express on behalf of the Company sincere appreciation for our shareholders, partners and staff for their longstanding trust and unfailing support. Let us work together in unity and with concerted efforts, as we go forward and progress from strength to strength.

