Letter to the Shareholders Kong Jian Min 
Letter to the Shareholders 2008 was a year of enormous challenge for the global economy. Initially triggered by the sub-prime lending crisis in the United States in September 2007, the financial turbulence spread from developed countries to emerging markets and developing economies. While the world financial market faced an unprecedented crisis and challenge in 2008, the Chinese economy produced encouraging results in terms of GNP growth, fiscal revenue and commodity price control amid extreme volatility and testing conditions. In response to the international financial crisis, the Chinese Government swiftly steered the focus of its economic policy from moderation to fast but stable development in a timely manner in a bid to prevent prolonged economic slowdown. During the latter half of the year, swift actions were taken to implement a proactive fiscal policy and a moderately relaxed monetary policy. A series of stimulus policies and measures were launched to drive economic growth by enhancing liquidity, bolstering domestic demand and encouraging consumer spending. Five consecutive interest rate cuts in benchmark lending rates of financial institutions were announced, complemented by four rate cuts in deposit-reserve ratio requirement to encourage stronger banking support for enterprises. As a result of these efforts, China reported GDP in excess of 2008 was an extraordinary year for the development of China's property market 
RMB30 trillion in 2008, representing a 9% year-on-year growth and accounted for more than 20% of the world's economic growth for the year. Solid foundations have been laid for the accomplishment of an 8% GDP growth for 2009, a target announced by the government earlier this year.

China's property market underwent extensive market corrections in 2008, driven by both external and internal macro-economic conditions and sector-specific factors. According to data published by the National Statistics Bureau, nationwide residential housing transactions for each quarter in 2008 decreased by 0.3%, 10.8%, 27.2% and 25.3% (measured by gross floor area ( GFA )), or by 5.2%, 4.9%, 33.9% and 26.0% (measured by transaction amounts), respectively. The rapid adjustment and downturn in property market became a concern for both the Central Government and local authorities. The Central Government's re-focus of its macro policy of the property industry, from intensive moderation to repositioning as key pillar industry, had been strongly felt by the market towards the last quarter of 2008. Subsequently, a series of measures were announced by the Central Government to lower home purchase costs, such as interest rate cuts, stamp duty cuts and fiscal allowances for home purchases, etc. In addition, the stable and healthy development of the property market became one of the seven priority tasks of the government for 2009. In March 2009, a document titled Certain Opinions on Facilitating Stable and Healthy Development of the Real Estate Market was issued by the Guangdong Government, setting out measures such as the extension of payment deadlines for land premiums, the encouragement of banking support for property developers, the payment of land appreciation tax by instalments and the reduction exemption of home purchase taxes, etc, aiming to encourage and re-invigorate property development. Such measures bolstered the market generally by effectively restoring the confidence of retail home buyers and alleviating the cost burden of home purchasers. Data published by the National Statistics Bureau indicated that nationwide sales of commodity housing for the first two months of 2009 grew by 13.1% in transaction amounts and 1.1% in total GFA sold, year-on-year. The gradual increase in transaction volumes and stabilising prices were encouraging initial signs for a market rebound in early 2009.

2008 was also an extraordinary year for the development of KWG Property. The Group's performance in 2008 fell short of expectations, given difficult market conditions, as it reported RMB1,574.2 million in total revenue and RMB368.5 million in net profit for the year. As at the end of 2008, the Group held cash amounting to RMB1,373 million with a gearing ratio of approximately 50.3%. These figures represented a relatively healthy level of financial conditions by industry standards. Furthermore, KWG Property delivered sound results in terms of geographic expansion and enhancements of operating efficiency, as it adhered to its long-term strategy of cautious development. With an emphasis on the stability of our capital structure, we pursued regional expansion in an extremely cautious approach, seeking to uphold our competitive position in Guangzhou while expanding to other regions at a moderate pace. In terms of operations, we devoted substantial effort to enhance our corporate operating efficiency during the market consolidation by upgrading our information management system. We continued to recruit people with the right calibre and consolidated our corporate structure to meet management requirements that arose from business expansion and development of newly entered regions 
The Company strived to maintain a balance between prudent operations and stable developments amid a volatile marketplace 
following the Company's listing in 2007. As a result of these efforts, corporate development has been more comprehensive and business foundations have become stronger, in comparison to 2007.

During the reporting period, the Company endeavoured to enhance its existing competitive edge, expertise and core strengths by: (1) consolidating its leadership in Guangzhou's property development market while advancing project developments in newly-entered regions, namely Southwest China, East China and North China; (2) enhancing its operating efficiency with the completion of set-up of regional offices ; (3) maintaining a balanced property portfolio with a diverse range of developments including mid- to high-end residential units, serviced apartments, villas, 5-star hotels, office buildings and high-end shopping malls; (4) deepening its management team with the recruitment of experienced senior professionals ; (5) raising its brand influence and brand recognition in all regions; (6) strengthening its 
information management system; and (7) upgrading its property management services system to enhance customers' satisfaction. We are convinced that these incessant efforts in internal improvements will significantly underpin the future competitive strengths of KWG Property.

During the reporting period, the Company strived to maintain a balance between prudent operations and stable developments. Sales of mid- to high-end projects launched in Guangzhou and Suzhou were encouraging given adverse market conditions. As at 31 December 2008, the Group had a land bank of approximately 6,230,000 sq.m. GFA, which was expected to fulfill requirements for the Group's steady and sustainable development in the next 4 to 5 years. We consider this level of land bank appropriate in light of the Company's long-standing philosophy of prudent expansion, while it will also enable us to pursue prudent and stable development by maintaining a balanced business portfolio. In view of uncertainties that are expected to prevail in 2009, KWG Property will continue to adhere to a prudent land bank strategy and prepare for the future market by maintaining healthy financial conditions and stable operations. In the first quarter of 2009, we recorded satisfactory sales performance despite the fact that a number of our new projects will be launched in the second quarter of 2009. While remaining cautious, we are confident in the market prospects for 2009.

Despite uncertainties and potential instability in the global financial market in 2009, we are cautiously optimistic about the prospects of China's economic development and its property industry for the year. We believe that strategic opportunities that will shape China's future development remain abound. There has been no change to the overall scenario of fast but stable economic growth, the fundamentals and positive trends of China's property industry and the determination and policy direction of the Chinese Government to assist and encourage the property sector, which is closely associated with the day-to-day life and economic activities of the people. These major factors will sustain despite the financial crisis, while the difficulties and challenges currently prevailing are issues that we are bound to face, one way or another, as we go forward. As much as challenging the Chinese economy as never before, the financial crisis has also given rise to useful reflections for the nation's property industry. In continued pursuit of its mission of Build Home with Heart, Create Future with Aspiration , our management 
Letter to the Shareholders will remain committed to the business philosophy of prudent expansion in a proactive and forward-looking approach. We will seek to turn the lessons learned from difficulties in 2008 into valuable assets for future development, as longterm development plans will be refined on the basis of more comprehensive considerations of market uncertainties. Against a changing environment, we work to foster our strengths; and while fostering our strengths, we anticipate and capture any opportunities arising.

Subsequent to the Group's expansion beyond Guangzhou in 2007 and the building of management systems and operating teams required by a national property developer in 2008, we believe that the Company is well-positioned to start reaping rewards for shareholders in 2009.

Last but not least, I would like to thank our shareholders, investors, business partners and customers for their ardent support of and confidence in KWG Property in the past year. My gratitude is also due to our staff who have made invaluable contributions during the year. KWG Property looks forward to sharing with shareholders the fruitful results of the Group over the years and joining them for an ever more splendid future, on the back of its unique advantages, well-defined strategies, first-class management team and sufficient land bank.
Kong Jian Min 
17 April 2009 
