Letter to the Shareholders Kong Jian Min 
Letter to the Shareholders Since Guangzhou Hejing Real Estate Development Limited was established in 1995, the Group has operated for 12 years. The development of KWG Property was remarkable that it has developed itself from a single project developer to present scale of capable of handling 20 projects simultaneously.
With the mission of Building Quality for Infinite Excellence , the Group is committed to develop medium to high-end properties and aims at building quality properties and landmarks. The Group pursues perfection and quality, and such pursuit helps cultivate the attitude of work prevailed in the Group and propel the Group to innovation and sustainable development.
In order to seek further room for development and enhance its competitiveness, KWG Property was listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 3 July 2007. Listing not only provides the Company with funds for further development, but also symbolizes the connection of the Group s access to the international capital market and this marks a new era of the Group s development.
Developing from a private-owned company to an international public company involves a change of nature and this means that we shall have more resources and a larger platform for development and yet we shall take more responsibilities. We should provide products and services of higher quality to satisfy the demand of quality housing from more regions and people. In return for the confidence of investors in us, we must put more effort to realize the values of the Group. As a listed company, we shall undertake higher social obligations and responsibilities and it is our target to add charm to our city and to create wealth for 
In 2007, the PRC s gross domestic product ( GDP ) amounted to approximately RMB24,661.9 billion, representing an increase of 11.4% and this demonstrates the strong economic development of the PRC. Although the government has implemented macro-economic control policies and measures to safeguard and promote the sustainable healthy development of the property market, the PRC property market still enjoys a robust demand and growth potential with the rising income of residents, conceptual change in consumption and demand for higher living standard. We believe that KWG Property could continue to deliver a glorious results with our adherence to the our customer- oriented approach and our determination to harness our established edge in KWG Property s quality products and services as well as the effort and support from all shareholders and all 
I would like to express my gratitude to the shareholders, investors, business partners and clients for their trust in us, and also to the directors and all colleagues. KWG Property will, with our unswerving commitment, pioneer the development of property development market in the PRC in order to bring all of you with better results.
Kong Jian Min Chairman and Executive Director 26 March 2008 