Chairman’s
Statement
Dear Shareholders:
I am pleased to present the annual results of the
Group for the 12 months ended 31 December 2016.
The Group recorded total revenue of approximately
RMB8,865 million, representing an increase of 6.3%
from the same period of 2015. Profit attributable to
owners of the Company was approximately RMB3,465
million.
1 New Phase of Development
with Strategic Adaptation
The Group has established a solid foundation with
its experience over the past years through strategic
positioning and accurate insights on market
demands. The Group reported stable growth in
sales during the year, as it continued to explore
the trends of property markets in tier-one and
tier-two cities and launched brand new projects as
well as new phases of existing projects in popular
cities to meet the changing demands.
The net inflow of population is an indicator of a
city’s growth potential. In the foreseeable future,
China’s purchasing power will continue to be
dominated by people from tier-one and higher
tier-two cities, especially the younger generation.
The Group continued to gain momentum in
existing cities during the reporting period where
it had already entered, while seizing opportunity
to acquire premium sites for land bank
replenishment.
After more than 20 years of development, the
Group has established its presence in cities like
Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Tianjin, Suzhou,
Hangzhou, Nanjing, Foshan, Nanning, Hainan and
Chengdu, while expanding its footprint to Hefei at
the end of the year, with 67 projects in total.
“Our meticulous attention to details
and pursuance of exquisite quality allow
customers to have higher expectation.
While optimizing the value of land, we
endeavor to provide customers with an
extraordinary lifestyle.”
2 Building A Solid Foundation
by Gaining Market Share in
Popular Cities
During the year, the inventory level was reducing
rapidly in tier-one and higher tier-two cities thanks
to the favorable policy direction from the Central
Government. Imbalances in demand and supply
were noted in tier-one cities, as developers’ strong
replenishment demand coincided with limited land.
Consequently, the pent-up demand was partially
shifted to higher tier-two cities nearby tier one
cities, driving up land prices in these areas.
During the year, the Group acquired 12 new sites
in the auction market or through merger and
acquisition, adding land bank with an attributable
gross floor area (“GFA”) of approximately 2.37
million sq.m. Land sites acquired during the year
were mainly replenishments in cities where we had
already established presence, such as Guangzhou,
Shanghai, Hangzhou and Foshan, as our expansion
footprint reached out from Guangzhou to South
China, East China, North China and Southwest. 
At the end of the year, the Group acquired land
pieces in Hefei, a city with potential for great
sales volume and sound profit expectation.
At the end of the year, the Group had a land
bank with an attributable GFA of more than 11.3
million sq.m.
3 Improvement in Overall
Financing Costs through
Domestic Bond Issuances
During the year, the Group capitalised on the
opening of domestic bond market and issued
three tranches of domestic corporate bonds with
a total amount of RMB11.3 billion. Moreover,
Guangzhou Tianjian Real Estate Development
Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group,
also completed the issuance of RMB2,200 million
public bonds and RMB6,500 million non-public
bonds. In aggregate, the Group has successfully
issued domestic corporate bonds of RMB20 billion
in total. These exercises have further broadened 
our financing channels and optimised our debt
profile, and significantly decreased our overall
finance costs to 6%.
Meanwhile, in view of the possibility of potential
RMB depreciation, the Group has sought to
mitigate its risks of exchange losses by positioning
certain hedge trades.
During the year, the Group was given an “AAA”
rating by China Chengxin Securities Rating Co.,
Ltd., a domestic rating agency, as well as “BB-”
issuer and debt ratings with stable outlook by
Fitch Ratings, the international rating agency.
4 Steady Progresses with
Commercial Properties
In recent years, the Group has been stepping
up to deploy commercial properties by building
and upgrading of its operation team, driving
gradual progress in commercial development. As
most of the Group’s commercial projects have
been developed as part of mixed-use complexes,
the lived-in residential community will generate
sufficient foot traffic to shopping malls. The
opening of U Fun, the shopping centre in
Xinjiangwan, Shanghai during the first half of
the year was followed by the commencement of
Tian Hui Plaza at the heart of Pearl River New
Town, Guangzhou in the second half of the year.
The Group expects to unveil a variety of different
types of malls in the next few years to bring new
shopping experiences to customers.The office projects of the Group are typically
well-situated at prime urban locations. In addition
to selective en-bloc or strata title sale, the Group
had also retained the ownerships of certain
offices for lease during the year. Examples would
be the International Commerce Place in Pazhou,
Guangzhou and the Global Metropolitan Plaza
in Guangzhou. The maturation of commercial
projects is expected to contribute stable recurring
income to the Group on a long-term basis.
5 Enhancing Internal Operations
and Management
The Group has started to manage its own
property sales through in-house sales team
since mid-2015. Execution has been significantly
improved with the re-allocation of staff under the
centralised management of our regional companies
and the formulation of stringent appraisals and
incentives system. The engagement of in-house
sales teams facilitates efficient communications
between customers and the Group for latest
information as well as direct customer feedback.
At the end of the year, the Group introduced
its “future+” strategy, which enhances customer
service through analysis of big data generated
from commercial/residential products, providing
further value-adding services and pleasant
experiences to customers and potential buyers
through after-sales services, in addition to the
premium products.
In the meantime, the Group remains well aware
that the trust and support from customers is
always earned by excellence in design, product
quality and the creation of a comfortable living
environment. Product design will be one of the
core factors determining success in competition.
Our hard-earned experiences as well as advice
from industry experts both suggest that design
and layout of the product is of crucial importance.
Our design team will continue to focus on R&D
to strive for the best possible product to tailor for
our customers.
Outlook
At the Central Economic Work Conference held
on 14 December 2016, it was reiterated that
regulation over the property market in 2017 would
be focused on “destocking and de-bubbling, as
well as expedited efforts to study the development
of a long-term mechanism with regards to the
property market”. Two weeks later, the Ministry of
Housing and Urban-Rural Development issued the
“Bulletin on the Inspection of Rectifications by the
CPC Party Organisation for Housing and UrbanRural
Development”, calling for “Tight control of
property prices in popular cities and destocking
of housing inventories in tier-three, tier-four and
county cities”. With the policy tone confirmed,
the Group expects a period of correction for the
property market in 2017.
The Group remains convicted that, despite the
stringent regulatory control announced for major
cities, the development of the property market will
continue to be driven by the gentrification and
urbanisation over the longer term, as population
flow will still be drawn to tier-one cities or
higher tier-two cities around tier-one cities. In
2017, the Group plans to launch a number of
brand new projects in Hangzhou, Guangzhou,
Nanning, Foshan, Shanghai and Tianjin, offering
mainly residential units for end-users and home
upgraders. In addition, more complementary
products with good marketability, such as serviced
apartments, offices and commercial properties, will
also be offered to market to sustain sales growth
and gain market share on all fronts.
The Group currently owns a land bank sufficient
for its development in the next 4–5 years. In
2017, we will adopt a prudent approach and
focus on opportunistic land acquisition sources
other than public auctions.
Appreciation
On behalf of the Group and the board of directors
(the “Board”), I would like to express uttermost
gratitude to all shareholders, investors, partners
and customers who have stood by the Group
through thick and thin over the past 22 years,
offering strong support and understanding without
which the Group could not have gone this far.
Thanks are also owed to my fellow directors,
management and all employees, who have
underpinned the Group’s path of success with
their hard work and dedication. In gratitude, the
Group will remain committed to the development
of its core business and strive to herald a better
future for all shareholders.
Kong Jianmin
Chairman
21 March 2017
