Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2013. During the year under review, the Group recorded total revenue of approximately RMB9,468.0 million. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB2,749.8 million, representing an increase of 14.3% from the same period of the previous year. Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company amounted to RMB95 cents.
1) Continued prudent land policy to acquire premium sites With the increase in land supply across various regions, the land market heated up in 2013 with more transactions taking place. In connection with public auctions, where competition was very intense, the Group opted for a prudent approach and sought to identify premium sites at the right 
The Group continued to make further acquisitions in cities and regions where it established a presence, acquiring sites in Da Tan Sha in Guangzhou, Fangshan in Beijing and Cao Hu in Suzhou during the year as we pursued land in tier-one and tier-two cities such as Guangzhou, Beijing and Suzhou. On the other hand, the Group was gradually extending its outreach from the existing cities and regions of its operation, exploring prime sites in tier-two cities in the surrounding regions to increase its land bank. For example, the Group entered into Nanning and Hangzhou for the first time in 2013, acquiring several premium sites at reasonable prices in Wuxiang New District and Hangzhou Science City for future development.
The Group continued with its prudent land policy and refrained from making aggressive bids. The land market was underpinned by enthusiastic bidding during the year, as quality sites were vigorously sought after by developers, punctuated with record breaking prices giving rise to land king sites in various regions. Apart from considering the location and usage, the Group also considered carefully the cost and profit of the project to be developed during land acquisition process and refrained from making reckless purchases at excessive prices. During the year, the Group was focusing on the acquisition of small- to medium-sized sites with prestigious locations, lower total land premium while allowing faster turnover and therefore quicker sales and generation of revenue. For example, the Group purchased several sites at Shuanggang in Jinnan, Tianjin and in Hangzhou Science City, which were located at the core of the new districts in these cities. With aggregate gross floor area ( GFA ) typically below 100,000 square metres, these sites commanded a lower gross land premium and the Group was able to control cost effectively.
The Group conducted its land acquisitions in several ways. Apart from participating in land auctions, the Group also acquired sites through negotiations with the Government or third parties, to attain maximum profitability by securing sites at lower land premium. For example, the Group entered into an agreement with Fineland Real Estate Holdings Company Limited, a local developer of Guangzhou, to develop The Eden at Da Tan Sha, Guangzhou in joint venture.
Meanwhile, given to our brand name, superior product quality and proven ability to develop mixed-use development, the Nanning Municipal Government entered into a long-term agreement with us for the joint development of sites in Wuxiang New District, Nanning.
2) Meeting consumer needs with a flexible and diversified portfolio The Group seeks to make timely adjustments to its product portfolio by analysing buyers demand in close tandem with market changes. During the year, the Group s developments comprised primarily small- to medium-sized units, with a special focus on small flats less than 95 square metres, including The Eden in Guangzhou, Suzhou Jade Garden and Shanghai Sapphire, etc. Sales of small-sized units were on the rise as their compact size, cosy designs and reasonable pricing proved very popular with buyers in various regions.
In view of the Government s measures in recent years to rein in control over the property market, the Group continued to keep a certain proportion of commercial properties in its portfolio, in addition to its various residential developments to adopt market changes. During the year, the Group launched serviced apartment products in various regions, such as Chengdu Cosmos, The Vision of the World, Fragrant Seasons and The Sapphire in Suzhou. Office properties were also being launched based on local market conditions, such as Top Plaza (commercial portion of Tian Hui Plaza) and Global Metropolitan Plaza in Pearl River New Town, Guangzhou launched in the second half of the year. The projects were met with good market responses upon debut, thanks to an active market for Grade A offices in Guangzhou.
The Group adjusted the fitout standards of its products based on market response and buyers affordability and made reasonable adjustments to the proportion between mid-market products and high-end products. The Group launched bare-shell flats at appropriate timing in Shanghai, Suzhou and Chengdu in projects such as Shanghai Sapphire, Suzhou Apex and The Vision of the World in Chengdu, so that more options were made available to first-time buyers. On the other hand, exquisitely decorated high-end products, such as The Riviera situated along the waterfront of Pearl River New Town and the Amazing Bay in Xinjiangwan, Shanghai, were also hugely popular with upgrade buyers and business elites.
3) Gradual implementation of cost standardisation following the establishment of Product 
To facilitate effective product development and better work efficiency, the Group established the Product Development Centre in late 2012 to conduct the research and implementation of standardisation, which was put to trial implementation in new projects and new batches of existing projects starting 2013.
The Product Development Centre pre-designed a variety of fitout standards according to the different classes of our properties. At the initial stage of project development, a fitout standard appropriate for the project will be selected based on the design scheme, budget and profit margin required for the project. The application of a standardised budget has resulted in significantly faster development and more efficient construction progress in the entire process from land acquisition to sales launch. For example, it took the Group just 8 to 10 months to launch Suzhou Jade Garden and The Eden in Guangzhou after acquiring the respective sites in early 2013.
The gradual implementation and improvement of standardisation is conducive to centralised management of the Group, as clearer records of project cost and expenditure will facilitate better control over the use of materials, reductions in resource consumption, faster turnover and improvements in profit margin.
4) Sound financial policy and comprehensive ERP system 
The healthy development of a real estate company is always contingent upon the availability of ample funds and the back-up by a stable and proper financial system. The Group closely monitors changes in loan interest rates and funding liquidity as well as changes in the international and domestic financial markets, seeking to obtain its funding requirements through a diverse range of channels, such as onshore and offshore bank borrowings and overseas issuances of USD notes, etc, with a view to ensuring stable corporate 
During 2013, the Group successfully issued a USD senior notes at a lower coupon rate to provide additional funding required by the Company s development projects at lower costs.
The Group also upgraded its Mysoft EPR system during the year to improve electronic management of the cost system and facilitate timely cost 
In 2014, the Group plans to launch a number of brand new projects, such as Beijing Apex, La Villa, Vision of the World in Shanghai (formerly called Shanghai Fengxian Nanqiao), Top of World (formerly called Guangzhou Knowledge City), Hangzhou Science City I, The Core of Center in Nanning (formerly called Wuxiang New District Project) and Beijing Haidian project, etc. Among those cities, Hangzhou and Nanning will represent new additions to our geographic footprint. The new projects, including residential developments or mixed-use development located at the centre of cities new districts as well as integrated projects in well-developed areas in our existing cities of operation supported by convenient transportation and full-fledged ancillary facilities, are expected to generate satisfactory sales for the Group. For example, Beijing Apex and La Villa, located in Fangshan District, Beijing and scheduled for sales in 2014, are situated between the 5th Ring Road and the 6th Ring Road of Beijing next to Libafang Station of the Metro Line, providing easy access to transportation for their residents. Hangzhou Science City I, located in the future science city in Yuhang District, will also be launched in 2014. Strategically located along the Metro Line with the main driveway nearby while embracing a strong presence of commercial activities in the neighbourhood, the project is expected to generate good pre-sales for the Group.
The Group will also launch the latter phases of 24 projects currently on sale to drive further growth in Group pre-sales. These will include The Eden and The Summit in Guangzhou, Suzhou Emerald and Fragrant Seasons in Beijing, of which new phases and batches will be launched in 2014 to meet market demands.
The Group also expects to continue its efforts in cost and financial system upgrade and conversion, standardisation at further levels and centralised procurement, so that the Group s resource allocation will be optimised.

Looking at 2013 in review, the Group has made solid progress amid market recovery in a gradual manner. On behalf of the Company, I would like to thank all shareholders and investors for their unfailing support of and trust in the Group. I would also like to thank all those who have rendered assistance to the Group. The Group will always face the challenges and opportunities ahead with a clear mind and uncompromised confidence, venturing on with steadfast resolve to fulfill its goal. I must also thank our employees for their hard work and concerted efforts. The growth and prospering of the Group could not have been possible without the dedication of our people in mind and labour. I appreciate the devotion and persistence they have demonstrated in the course of the Group s development and the contributions they have made to the Group s expansion and growth. Going forward, I firmly believe the Group will remain committed to the building of a better living environment, strengthening its brand and reputation with the introduction of new products featuring exquisite designs and premium quality.
Kong Jian Min 
17 March 2014 