Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2014. For the year under review, the Group recorded total revenue of approximately RMB10,466 million. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB3,272 million, representing an increase of 19.0% from the same period of the previous year. Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company amounted to 
1) Expanding sales channels to 
China s property market entered a correctional phase in 2014, as local cities and regions consistently reported high levels of housing inventories, compounded with a notable decrease in the growth of property investment. The Central Government sought to stimulate housing demand through implementing multiple regulatory measures, such as the adjustment of monetary policies, reform of the household registration system and relaxation of home purchase restrictions and mortgage rulings, and etc, to expedite the destocking process and drive the transformation of the property market.
During the year, the Group sought to expedite sales via a variety of new channels, in addition to solely relying on the traditional external sales 
First of all, the Group endeavoured to enlarge its potential customer base through online service provider platforms, which were launched in a number of projects in Guangzhou, Chengdu, Beijing, Shanghai, Suzhou, Hangzhou and Nanning. Through those platforms, the Group offered latest happenings on the projects to potential buyers in a timely manner and organised group visits to project sites to increase foot flow.
For example, we worked with Soufun and Netease to post project information online for The Summit and Guangzhou Top of World, and organised offline visits and purchases. These efforts, coupled with relevant discount offers, have driven remarkable sales growth.
Meanwhile, the Group offered latest project information and enabled interactive customer activities through its WeChat public account and WeChat sales brochures for a number of projects.
For example, detailed information such as sales updates, product offerings and location of Nanning Core of Center were provided through the project s WeChat public account, where potential customers could search information with ease and have first- hand knowledge of actual project updates. Rewards and coupons were also offered to incentivize 
In terms of payment method, the Group introduced favourable terms such as provident-fund mortgage and down-payment by multiple installments, in addition to one-off payment and bank mortgages.
These offerings have provided buyers with more flexibility to alleviate their funding pressure, thereby 
2) Asserted efforts in product diversification and cost standardisation to weather a 
The Group tackled market challenges by offering a diverse range of developments and designing suitable product types for different localities, with a view to capping total unit cost and meeting buyers 
During the year, the Group launched products with a gross floor area ( GFA ) ranging from 80 to 110 sq.m., designed to meet first-time and upgrading residential needs, in Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou, etc. Meanwhile, to distinguish itself from competition, the Group also made timely launches of low-density duplex units and villas that readily differentiate themselves from comparable projects in nearby area. For example, villas in Guangzhou Top of World launched in April this year were sold out shortly after its debut, thanks to reasonable pricing and practical designs. The 180-sq.m. villas of Nanning Core of Center, launched in July, claimed a 100% sell- through ratio given the scarcity of villas in the 
At the same time, the Group made further efforts to improve product standardisation to more sophisticated levels, starting with the renovation of sales centres and show flats. A number of trial projects were rolled across the nation with positive feedbacks. Towards the end of the year, the KWG Pavilion was opened in Hangzhou to show standardised unit designs and fittings of various products, which served as a benchmark for other projects, also to appeal to customers.
3) Persistence in maintaining product quality and protecting 
In 2014, a large number of developers in China adjusted selling prices in different regions in tandem with the down cycle of the market, to boost volume and speed up sell-through with price discounts. Amid market doldrums, the Group remained calm, with a firm belief that only high stance in quality and sound profit margin would assure long-term, stable development of a company. As a result, the Group improved cost management, expedited construction progress and enhanced product quality control by developing a full range of product standards and exerting stringent control over the procurement and consumption of raw materials. Meanwhile, the Group also offered promotional discounts and minor pricing adjustments within reasonable ranges in selected regions or drove sales through other manners without resorting to substantial price cut, with the pre-condition being the subject project fulfills its predetermined profitability 
4) Stepping up preparations of commercial projects to lay a solid foundation for long-term 
The Group believes that possessing a diversified portfolio of investment properties is essential for its long-term development. Investment property can serve to divert operational risks and generate stable, long-term income. At the same time, the development of an investment property and the accretion of its market value will drive the gentrification of the area as well as the value growth of neighbouring projects.
During the year, the Group actively started preliminary preparations for commercial projects.
We studied and explored various approaches for shopping mall and office management, especially in connection with the operation of shopping malls, in order to create malls that would bring unique experiences to customers. Unlike traditional malls in the market, shopping malls built by the Group will feature customized architecture that showcase exquisite quality to customers with local touch and flair. Examples include Tian Hui Plaza, a refined lifestyle centre for the fashionable and high-worth population in the heart of Pearl River New Town, Guangzhou, and U Fun, a leisure ground built in Xinjiangwan, Shanghai in integration with a green land belt of the city.
5) Extensive funding channels to further lower financing costs The Group continued to follow a prudent finance strategy during the year and adopted a wide range of financing approaches with a view to optimising its debt structure and further lowering financing costs. The Group maintained sound business relationships with domestic banks and secured development loans at reasonable interest rates. In addition, the Group also closely monitored developments in the capital markets to capture potential corporate financing opportunities. We successfully issued two tranches of US Dollar notes at reasonable coupon levels in January and August, respectively, and the proceeds were applied to redeem US Dollars notes issued in previous years at higher costs, effectively lowering overall financing costs.
To assure sufficient funding, the Group also secured a syndicated loan in Hong Kong in November to further broaden its financing options 
6) Prudent land acquisition strategy calling for well-timed 
The Group persists in a prudent land acquisition strategy and controls the pace of land purchases with a stringent profitability requirement. The first half of the year represented a good time for acquiring good sites, as the land market was quiet with fewer competitors and prices were more reasonable. The Group achieved discount-to-market prices as it acquired premium sites during a down cycle by land auctions in first- and second-tier cities. Meanwhile, the Group also acquired centrally located sites in first-tier cities through merger and acquisitions with third-party developers. For example, the Group acquired a number of sites with very little premium in Tongzhou of Beijing, Nanning Wuxiang New District and the Future Science City of Hangzhou, which are the core areas of future urban development. At city center of Guangzhou, such as Pazhou and Guangzhou Finance City, the Group was engaged in joint development projects through equity cooperation with other local 
As the land market regained momentum in the second half of the year and competition became more intense, the Group adjusted its land strategy in a timely manner to slow down its pace of land acquisition for a more prudent approach. Towards the end of the year, the Group debuted in Zhengzhou to explore the Northern China market.
The Group believes that premium land resources will provide strong driving force and support the Group s development in the coming years.

Looking forward to 2015, the property market is expected to continue to develop in a stable and healthy manner with market-driven corrections.
2015 will mark the end to the era of astounding growth in prices and volume in the property market. In line with the direction of diminishing administrative intervention, the property sector is expected to be increasingly aligned with the market economy with growing competition.
With the gap between regions and cities further widening, differentiated sales volumes among cities are expected to become a common scene in 2015. At this stage, the Group s focus is to ensure sufficient cash flow, expedite inventory turnover and optimise product positioning.
In 2015, the Group will launch approximately 10 brand new projects in Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Tianjin, Nanning and Beijing. We will offer a wide range of products according to market needs, most of which will be units meeting first-time and upgrading buyer demands, which are expected to make meaningful contribution to the Group s pre-sales. As market sentiment gradually improves, the Group will continue with a prudent pace of land acquisition and adopt flexible sales strategies and pricing approaches, speeding up sales and inventory turnover for fast cash collection to ensure sufficient funds for development.
In 2015, the Group will operate under a diversified business model with a continued focus on property development complemented by hotels, offices and the introduction of shopping malls. Coupled with outstanding, attentive services, we are poised to further enhance our brand reputation on the back of approval and recognition by customers and the market.

On behalf of the Group, I would like to extend grateful appreciation to all shareholders, investors, partners and customers for their longstanding support and trust. I must also thank our Directors, management and staff, who have worked and grown together with the Group, for their hard work and dedication over the years. The Group firmly believes that it will continue to work hand in hand with its shareholders in the future path of development to build home with heart and unveil glorious new chapters of success.
Kong Jian Min 
23 March 2015 