Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2012. During the year under review, the Group recorded total revenue of approximately RMB9,676.4 million. Profit attributable to Owners of the Company was approximately RMB2,406.4 million, representing an increase of 14.4% from the previous year. Earnings per share attributable to Owners of the Company amounted to RMB83 
1) Optimising Product Mix to Meet 
In 2012, the Government of the People Republic of China ( PRC ) continued to implement property market austerity measures to further curb investment and speculative demands through policies such as the Home Purchase Restrictions and mortgage restrictions. End users purchases were encouraged with moderate easing of bank mortgage for first home purchasers, to guide the country s property industry towards healthy development. In particular, the continued implementation of property market regulations, the curbing of speculative and investment demands and the progress of social affordable housing, have been confirmed as long- term objectives in the 18th CPC National Congress meeting and the Central Economic Work Conference.
The Group continued to closely monitor changes in government policies for the property market and made swift moves to adjust its development and sales plans accordingly. For existing projects, we sought to attract target customers through a diversified marketing strategy complemented by advertisements and promotions. For brand new projects, small size units were launched as a key feature in 2012 to cater to demand from first home purchasers under our flexible sales strategy which is optimised to be in line with market changes.
For instances, smaller-size flats under 90 sq.m.
in Shanghai Emerald and Shanghai Apex were launched during the first half of the year to meet the mounting demands from first home buyers and end users in the local market. During the second half of 2012, in view of the heightened level of interest, the Group launched additional small size products, such the serviced apartments of the The Summit, small residences of the The Sapphire and serviced apartments of Fragrant Seasons in Beijing in order to expand its base of potential buyers.
Kong Jian Min 
In the meantime, the Group also launched mid-to high-end fitted-out flats to fulfill the needs of and attract buyers looking to upgrade their homes, such as the Riviera in Guangzhou and Chengdu Sky Ville. Striving for a proper balance between saleable commercial and residential projects, the Group also launched commercial projects that were not subject to policy restrictions to further boost sales. These different types of products have been well-received since their market debuts with the benefit of word- of-mouth commendation from a wide range of consumer groups and target customers, and steady growth in sales have been reported.
2) Stepping up with Efforts to Establish Presence in Various Cities while Improving Marketing 
After 18 years of development, the Group has established a business network based in Guangzhou and reaching out to Shanghai, Suzhou, Chengdu, Beijing, Tianjin and Hainan. It remains focused on mid-to high-end properties and seeks to enhance its reputation with a firm foothold in the market.
The Group s four new projects in Shanghai launched during the first half of 2012 included Shanghai Emerald, Shanghai Sapphire, Amazing Bay and Shanghai Apex. A diversified product mix was offered to customers, comprising smaller-sized flats for first- time buyers as well as mid-end products for home upgraders, all were met with enthusiastic response upon launch. The results achieved in Shanghai, where we were a relative newcomer, accounted for significant contributions to our 2012 sales. The Group s success in Shanghai has strengthened its confidence for tapping other new cities, providing clear guidance for the expansion and development of projects in other regions.
Following years of diligent efforts and development since establishing its footholds in Chengdu, Beijing and Suzhou, the Group s projects are currently accounting for stable shares of the respective local markets with increasingly solid sales. Projects such as Chengdu Cosmos, Vision of the World in Chengdu, Fragrant Seasons in Beijing, Suzhou Apex and The Sapphire have enhanced our brand name and reputation in the local markets. Chengdu Sky Ville and Suzhou Emerald, our new projects launched during the year, have achieved remarkable sales on the back of the support and recognition from new and old customers upon launch.
At Guangzhou, the city where our business originated, no new projects were launched during the year, however units remained for sale in the projects launched earlier. As the headquarters of our Group, Guangzhou continued to see the launch of new batches of existing projects, such as smaller- sized apartments and retail shops of The Summit and high-end apartments of The Riviera, with the aim to cater to a wide range demands from different 
The Group s reliance on Guangzhou, has lessened year by year as a result of the growth of business development and sales in regions including the Pearl River Delta in South China, Yangtze River Delta in East China, Pan Bohai Rim in North China and South- 
3) Expediting New Projects to Accelerate Turnover and Improve 
To ensure sufficient stock for sale and to accelerate sales, the Group exercised stringent control over the construction progress of existing and new projects and made efforts to expedite their construction works. During the second half of the year, the Group accelerated project development in response to market recovery. Real-time monitoring of project progress was facilitated through software systems and timely adjustments were made. In particular, progress of projects with faster sales was accelerated to ensure ample sellable resources.
At the same time, the Group was watching closely the turnover of cash generated from property sales and strived to shorten the lead-time of cash inflow.
Cash was collected in a faster pace as cash payments grew proportionally and one-time payments were encouraged with the offer of discounts. Meanwhile, the granting of mortgage approvals by banks in a faster pace has also resulted in faster cash collection for the Group. Moreover, the Group also tracked outstanding balances closely to secure cash inflow in the shortest possible period of time.
The Group also seeks to assure healthy development by leveraging a diverse range of financing channels, such as domestic and offshore bank borrowings and issuances of overseas debts. During the year, the Group successfully issued USD senior notes in the amount of US$400 million, while entering into agreements with offshore banks for medium term loans. As a result, the Group has secured sufficient funds to provide strong support for its operations 
4) Close Monitoring the Land Market for Opportunities to Acquire Premium Sites The Group upholds a prudent and down-to-earth approach in land development and land bank and keeps a close watch over changes in the land market. Stringent cost controls always plays a crucial role in the development of the Company.
As the land market turned active during the second half of the year, the Group completed the acquisition of several premium sites in first and second-tier cities at favourable prices, thanks to its swift response to market developments. These acquisitions, including land parcels for the Biological Island Project II in Guangzhou, Shanghai Fengxian Nanqiao Project, Suzhou Industrial Park Project, Suzhou CRH New City and Guangzhou Knowledge City, make great addition to our land bank and meet the needs of our long- 
The Group plans to unveil a number of brand new projects in Guangzhou, Hainan, Beijing and Shanghai in 2013. These projects boast prestigious geographic locations in urban transportation hubs with the benefit of convenient transportation facilities and a wide range of public resources. The Group is confident that the launch of new projects will generate strong sales and brand value, thereby further enlarging its market shares and enhancing its reputation in the industry.
Meanwhile, the Group will continue to launch products in the 18 projects which are currently for sale, such as Suzhou Emerald, Chengdu Sky Ville, Shanghai Emerald and Beijing Fragrant Seasons.
These existing projects, together with new ones to be launched, will provide the Group with sufficient saleable resources to be marketed in 2013 and generate stable sales, offering assurance for and serving as a growth driver in the Group s 
The Group seeks to win the support of consumers through building up reputation for well-recognized products and enlarge its market shares on the back of the people-oriented designs, cozy living environment and dedicated services offered in its 
The Group reported sound and stable growth in 2012 amid challenges as well as opportunities. With the unfailing trust, support and help of various parties, the Group will stride forward in firmer steps amid any difficulties and opportunities. On behalf of the Company, I would like to thank all shareholders and investors for keeping their confidence in the Group s development prospects, and to all home buyers for their strong support and recognition of our properties. Customers support will continue to be our strongest backing as we roll forward. We, therefore, will listen to comments and feedbacks from all property purchasers as we continue to build premium properties in the course of research, design and adjustment. May I further express my sincerest gratitude to our directors and all our staff as they worked with incessant diligence, dedication and care during the past year for the fulfillment of our goals and objectives and sailed in concerted effort through good times or otherwise to facilitate the Company s development. Going forward, I firmly believe the Group will turn to a new chapter of success for an ever brighter future.

