CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Looking ahead, we are confident of our business development in 2011. With the launch of our new projects in Guangzhou, Shanghai, Tianjin, Chengdu and Hainan, as well as new phases of the existing projects in Guangzhou, Suzhou, Chengdu and Beijing, we aim to achieve growth in sales volume and ASP through contributions from various regions and upgraded product mix.
The Group delivered solid results in 2010 thanks to the diligent work of staff at all levels. It was the second consecutive year, following 2009, in which we achieved our annual target within the first ten months of the year.
We also reported good results in land acquisition in 2010, as we continued to prudently replenish our land bank. Our Group acquired seven prime sites in Shanghai, Tianjin, Chengdu and Guangzhou during the year to add land bank with gross floor area ( GFA ) of approximately 2.10 million sq.m., which marked our entrance into the markets of Shanghai and Tianjin, in addition to our established presence in the five citiesregions of Guangzhou, Suzhou, Chengdu, Beijing and Hainan. These sites were acquired at reasonable costs, as six were acquired through private and government negotiations, while only one of them was acquired through public auction. Also noteworthy was our partnerships with renowned developers such as Hongkong Land, Sun Hung Kai Development (China) Ltd. ( SHK ) and a number of reputable mainland real estate developers, which helps to mitigate development risk and allows us to leverage off partners 
As at 31 December 2010, the Group had a land bank with a total GFA of approximately 8.40 million sq.m., covering 25 projects in 7 citiesregions, with a low average land cost. The size of the Group s land bank increased by 20% over the corresponding period in 2009. While the Group s footprint for development continues to expand into new areas, the land premium outstanding was relatively 
The Group has been dealing with its financial affairs in stringent discipline and increased access to funding sources to ensure its solid financial positions. For instance, we successfully completed a US Dollar global bond offering that raised net proceeds of approximately US$245.2 million in August 2010. Meanwhile, we continued to build our relationship with banking partners who provide us with credit facilities. Moreover, the Group was consistently striving to improve its internal financial regimes, with a goal to establishing a healthy and stable financial system. The Group s gearing ratio as at 31 December 2010 was approximately 47.7%, which was low relative to the industry average. Cash on hand of approximately RMB6,804.0 million provides adequate liquidity for 2011.
By now, the Group has formed a strategic development platform covering three tier-one cities and four top tier-two citiesregions. Looking ahead, we are confident of our business development in 2011. With the launch of our new projects in Guangzhou, Shanghai, Tianjin, Chengdu and Hainan, as well as new phases of the existing projects in Guangzhou, Suzhou, Chengdu and Beijing, we aim to achieve growth in sales volume and ASP through contributions from various regions and upgraded product mix.
Last but not least, I would like to express sincere gratitude to our shareholders, investors, business partners, customers and staff for their continued trust and support. Looking to the future years, we pledge to scale new heights by following a course of prudent development in fulfillment of our mission to Build Home with Heart, Create Future with Aspiration.
Kong Jian Min 
