Chairman s Statement Our meticulous attention to details and pursuance of exquisite quality allow customers to have higher expectation. While optimizing the value of land, we endeavor to provide customers with an 
I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2015. For the year under review, the Group recorded total revenue of approximately RMB8,339.8 million. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB3,416.2 million, representing an increase of 4.4% from the same period of the previous year. Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company amounted to 
1) Stable and optimal exposure in tier-one and tier-two cities Benefiting from a series of favourable policies, the property market gradually recovered from its adjustments phase in 2015. As a result, the transaction volumes and average transaction prices went up in a number of cities, however city divergence and inventory de-stocking process 
On the policy front, the central government lowered the deposit reserve ratio and benchmark RMB lending and deposit interest rates through 5 consecutive reductions, relaxed the down-payment requirement for the second property purchase to no less than 40%, and reduced or exempted individual income tax for personal housing transaction during the year to lower property purchase costs and effectively drive up market demand. Meanwhile, local governments adjusted policies selectively and boosted market recovery through a variety of measures, such as financial subsidies, tax reductionexemption and the easing of foreign capital access to the property market, as 41 cities (other than Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Sanya) cancelled their local Home Purchase Restrictions.
Thanks to the favourable policies during the year, upgrading demands picked up significantly in transaction volumes. The Group adjusted its product mix according to its research-based product positioning and offered mainly end- user products with GFA of 89 120 sq.m., while gradually increasing the supply of upgrader products with GFA of over 150 sq.m to meet 
The Group remained focus on tier-one and higher tier-two cities, seeking to identify further demands in regions and cities already covered by the Group.
Six new projects, located in Guangzhou, Tianjin, Hangzhou and Nanjing, were launched during the year. Abiding by our strategic development over the years, we have a total of 56 projects in 11 cities, with more than two-thirds of our saleable resources from tier-one cities. In terms of sales contributions, tier-one cities contributed around 60% of the Group s attributable pre-sales for 
Over the years, the Group has sustained high levels of gross and net profit margins well exceeding the industry average. Gross profit margin and net profit margin for 2015 amounted to 36.1% and 40.9%, respectively. In a year where the property market experienced recovery from a declining trend while the pressure of excessive inventory had yet to be alleviated, the Group s stable profit margin was mainly attributable to: 1) effective control of land costs through stringent profit estimation on target sites at the land bidding; 2) the setting of reasonable selling prices based on market feedback, product positioning and customers expectation; 3) Proper adjustment of inventory level by balancing construction and new launch timing based on existing inventory levels of various regions.
2) Timely replenishment of land bank to fulfill development 
In 2015, the land market saw polarised developments following the property market recovery. Tier-one cities and higher tier-two cities benefitted from favourable policies and the return of several leading property developers to these cities, where numerous land king emerged as a result of less land supply and increased demand.
Fervent land transactions were noted in cities like Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Nanjing and Hangzhou, where successive record-high total land prices and per square meter land costs were reported. According to statistics for the first 11 months of 2015, the number of land sites transacted declined to various degrees, as compared to the previous year, in 300 cities, while a record-high amount of land premium was recorded in November. The momentum was particularly strong in tier-one cities and higher tier- 
Following planned developments over the years, the Group has now established a strategic framework across the nation with Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou as core cities complemented by high-end tier-two cities such as Suzhou, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Tianjin, Chengdu and Nanning. As at 31 December 2015, the Group had a land bank with an attributable GFA of more than 10 million sq.m., supported by reasonable number of projects in each city.
The Group continued to adopt a prudent land acquisition strategy during the year. We closely monitored changes in the land market and opportunistically acquired premium sites instead of chasing for land king , thereby containing land costs at a reasonable level. Given the prevailing high land premium, project stake acquisition and joint-force land bidding became popular approaches to land acquisitions. The Group acquired land sites in Nanjing and Foshan in March and July, respectively, through project-level merger and acquisition, while also expanding the scope of cooperation with other parties through the joint acquisition of a residential land site with a JV partner in Hangzhou in December.
3) Deployment of commercial projects as long-term assets The Group currently operates one investment property and several hotels in Guangzhou and Hangzhou, including IFP and W Hotel Guangzhou in the Pearl River New Town, Sheraton Guangzhou Huadu Resort, Four Points by Sheraton Guangzhou, Dongpu and two self-operating The Mulian Hotels in Guangzhou and Hangzhou. After years of dedicated operations, these properties are already on the right track and generate year-on- year revenue growth.
The Group believes that commercial projects, as assets held for long term development, will yield stable revenue on an ongoing basis as compared to pure projects sales. Meanwhile, the pace of development for traditional shopping centers has slowed down owing to the e-commerce trend, which offers fast and convenient purchase. In view of this, the Group has been committed to the development of commercial projects with special facilities in recent years, in an effort to provide unique experience embodying family entertainment and leisure enjoyment, such that it would be readily distinguished from the mere purchase of goods from online or e-commerce shopping.
The Group owns various shopping centers in Xinjiangwan in Shanghai, Pearl River New Town in Guangzhou, Chengdu and Suzhou, which are currently under construction. The Group will build boutique shopping centers with different features specifically tailor designed based on local markets.
For example, U Fun in Shanghai will be built into a green shopping destination within the city, while Tian Hui Plaza of Pearl River New Town in Guangzhou will be positioned as a shopping plaza for luxury items. The preliminary leasing rate of U Fun, located in Xinjiangwan of Shanghai, has been satisfactory. Upon their respective opening in a few years time, the shopping centers are set to generate stable and long-term rental revenue for the Group, providing a strong buffer against volatility in the market.

4) Timely reinforcement of financial capital to improve our 
A sound financial system provides a strong backbone to the development of the company.
In persistent adherence to a prudent financial strategy, the Group pays close attention to changes in the domestic and international capital markets and launches fundraising exercises based on the requirements of its business development.
During the year, restrictions against overseas- listed property developers were relaxed in the domestic bond market, where favourable interest rates were significantly lower than their overseas counterparts. The Group captured on the window of policy changes and issued 3+3-year bonds with an amount of RMB2,500 million and a coupon rate of 4.94%, plus a 5+2-year bond with an amount of RMB800 million and a coupon rate of 6.15% in December through Guangzhou Hejing Real Estate Development Limited, a wholly-owned domestic subsidiary of the Group. Through this debt financing exercise, the Group has initiated its access to the domestic corporate bond market thereby gradually reducing its average borrowing 
Looking to 2016, inventory destocking is expected to remain a major theme for the property market. Easing in the government s industrial and monetary policies will continue, which will help to consolidate the property market for stable and positive growth and facilitate the development of a mechanism for sustainable market efficiency in the long run. The Group is of the view that high land prices and low inventory levels will continue to drive up property prices in tier-one and certain tier-two cities. Properties catered to the needs of end-users, comprising first-time homebuyers and upgrading homebuyers, will continue to prevail.
The Group will continue to launch suitable products that meet market demands, in order to maintain the profit margins. In the meantime, strict control will be exercised over project progress and product quality to ensure that products will be launched timely to meet our annual sales targets.
The Group will also be committed to improve and enhance the efficiency of project operations and the application of e-office facilities, such as the WeChat OA platform and the ERP system upgrade, to speed up our work progress and ensure quality deliverables.

On behalf of the Group and the Board, I would like to extend grateful appreciation to all shareholders, investors, partners and customers for their longstanding support and trust. I must also thank our directors, management and staff, who have worked and grown together with the Group and served it with integrity and dedication. I have every faith that the Group will continue to build better homes for a greater spectrum of customers in firm adherence to our mission: to build home with heart and create future with aspiration.
Kong Jian Min 
19 February 2016 