STATEMENT FROM CHAIRMAN In recent years, China s economy has been undergoing a difficult transition. Slower growth has become the new normal. In an environment where the overall economy is sluggish and consumer sentiment is weak, with rapidly evolving channels and changing consumer behavior, most fashion footwear and apparel brands and retailers are facing enormous challenges of slow growth and margin erosion. In such a difficult environment, all my colleagues continued to work hard as one united team and achieved positive revenue growth and operating profit growth. I would like to take this opportunity to thank all my colleagues for their effort and achievement.For the year ended 28 February 2015 (the Financial Year 201415 ) the Group grew its revenues by 8.7%, operating profits by 9.3%, and profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by 8.2%, respectively, as compared with the same period of last year. In a weak environment, the Group was able to make timely adjustments in business strategy and tactics, which helped maintain a healthy set of business metrics.
The Group continued to expand company-managed retail network in a prudent manner. In the Financial Year 201415, the net addition to company-managed retail outlets for footwear was 876, while for sportswear and apparel there were 504 net additions. As at 28 February 2015, the total number of company-managed retail outlets reached 20,715, of which 20,557 were in Mainland China, 158 in Hong Kong and Macau.
In a recent State Council executive meeting it was decided that relevant policy measures would be implemented to promote domestic consumption, step up nurturing Chinese brands, and support the development of physical shops. Meanwhile, with continued income growth, the demand to trade up is expected to expand. Together with the recovery of domestic real estate market and capital markets, the abovementioned factors bode well for a positive impact on consumer sentiment.
It has been only 23 years since the Group was founded in 1992. We are still a young enterprise. Our goal is to build a sustainable business that will last into the next century. In the short 8 years since the Group was listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in May 2007 we have experienced many ups and downs, from the extreme pessimism at the beginning of 2009, to the incindible excitements in 2011, and then continued weakness since 2013. However, we have never wavered in our positive outlook for the high quality footwear and apparel market in China. We never stropped our endeavor to continuously improve ourselves. I believe, with all my colleagues staying open to new ideas, continuing to learn, and ready to improve, we will be able to continue to innovate and achieve long-term sustainable growth.
