STATEMENT FROM CHAIRMAN 
2011 was yet another year of great complexity, with many contrasts in the economic environment. On the one hand, continued macro regulations and tight monetary supplies effectively reined in the traditionally robust fixed asset investment, and at the same time export growth was losing steam due to higher cost, currency appreciation and weak demand from external markets. On the other hand, consumer spending was strong due to high income growth and consumption upgrade, while inflationary pressure was also high. In general terms all these changes further reinforced the positive trend of the economic rebalancing in China, with lopsided returns toward labour relative to other factors of production. Further economic growth will be more driven by domestic demand and consumption, and less by investment activities or export. In the long run, such a transition will help promote healthy development of the consumer market and as a result will help improve the structure of the economy as well as the quality of growth. But there are short term pains. A sluggish capital market and real estate market weaken the wealth effect. Inflation squeezes on consumers spending power. Higher costs put enormous pressure on profitability for businesses.
With the effort put in by all my colleagues the Group was able to overcome difficulties and seize opportunities in this complex environment and achieved good results. It was not an easy achievement for the Group to increase its profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by 24.2%, at a rate higher than revenue growth, against a significantly higher effective income tax rate in 2011. I would like to take this opportunity to thank all my colleagues for their hard work.
For the year ended 31 December 2011, the Group recorded a growth of 22.1% in revenue, 32.9% in operating profit, and 24.2% in profit attributable to equity holders of the Company as compared with the prior year. There were 1,958 net additions to company- managed footwear retail outlets and 1,025 net additions to company-managed sportswear retail outlets during the year in Mainland China. As at 31 December 2011 the total number of company-managed retail outlets reached 15,112, of which 14,950 outlets are located in Mainland China and 162 in Hong Kong and Macau.
2012 marks the 20th year since the Group was established. 8,000 representatives from all sales regions and all business units gathered in Shenzhen two weeks ago to celebrate our 20th birthday. I was greatly moved at the site of the ceremony by the happiness and enthusiasm exuding on so many faces. 20 years is a long time frame for one person or a generation. Within the past 20 years everybody at Belle worked very hard to create a dynamic organization and a vigorous corporate culture. For this business that we have created from scratch and have thrived through fierce competition, 20 years would be just a short startup period. I firmly believe that with all my colleagues continuing to carry on the passion from the startup days and working together to improve the managerial culture of the Group we will be able to create a solid business flourishing in the decades to come.
A note to mention here is that in the first half of 2011, I was hospitalized for a short period of time, during which I received heart- warming notes and letters from various colleagues, friends and investors. I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of them. The day-to-day management of the business has always been conducted by the CEO and the core management team, so there was no disruption as a result of my hospitalization. The board and the core management team have always been attentive to the succession planning of the Company, with concrete steps taken in the past few years to plan for the long run. The senior management team of the Group has been very stable. Most of them have more than ten years of industry experience. We have a deep bench that falls into varied age groups, thereby providing a solid foundation for long-term management succession in the future.

