Chairman s Statements 
On behalf of Haitian International Holdings Limited, ( Haitian Holdings or the Company ), together with its subsidiaries (the Group ), I am pleased to present the Group s annual results for the year ended 31 December 
The Group had another record-breaking year in 2007 with remarkable growth in business and financial performance.
The Group s revenue increased 20.4% year-on-year to RMB3,824.9 million and net profit attributable to equity holders increased 26.1% year-on-year to RMB568.4 million 
We saw steady growth in revenue and net profit during the year despite unfavourable market conditions emerged since the second half including continued increases in oil and material costs and the downturn in US economy growth resulted from the credit crunch. Nevertheless, the Group continued to achieve impressive growth which is attributed to the combination of our comprehensive product range and launch of higher valued added products to customers. This remarkable performance is a clear indication that the Group s successful strategy in capturing the fastest growing sectors in the PIMM industry namely (1) large tonnage PIMMs (2) environmental friendly PIMMs and (3) high speed and precision PIMMs. We 
broadened our product categories to meet existing customers needs and at the same time expanded our customer base. As a result, we continued to gain market share and maintained our leading position in the plastic injection moulding machine business.
And once again, the growth rates of the Group s revenue in the PIMM business outpaced those of the global market as a whole.
Under the 2007 s difficult operating environment, we continued to improve production efficiency by implementing effective cost-saving measures and increasing sales mix of higher margin products including the new generation of energy saving PIMMs Mars (J5) and large tonnage PIMMs. Our gross profit margin has increased to approximately 29.3% as compared to approximately 28.1% in 2006.
Profits attributable to equity shareholders during the year was approximately RMB568.4 million representing an increase of approximately 26.1% as compared to 2006 and the respective margin improved from 14.2% to 14.9% in 2007.

Since the second half of 2007, the growth of general PIMM market products have been softening due to the concerns of US economy s slow down, lower export VAT rebates for Chinese plastic products, tightening of Chinese austerity measure and the implementation of Chinese new labour law. All these factors have certain degree of pressure to small-sized or export-oriented plastic component manufacturers in China and resulted in a slow down of growth in small PIMMs. Thanks to the Group s strategy of offering comprehensive product range to support diversified market segments for both export- oriented and domestic-oriented PIMM users, the softening in demand from small PIMMs and from export-oriented 
users in China was well compensated by the robust growth of demand in medium to large PIMMs and from domestic- oriented PIMM users in China. Therefore, the sales of second half result in 2007 still recorded a growth of 20.2% against the same period last year. We are of the view that the fundamentals of the PIMM industry remain healthy. In 2008 the PIMM demand will still experience a steady growth benefiting from China s growing economy, high growth rate of capital investment and per capita disposable income. Together with the growth momentum of medium to large PIMMs, our persistent effort in exploring international markets, increasing market acceptances of our energy saving and all electric PIMMs, we are confident the Group s growth will continue in 2008. In order to support the expected growth, we have already been in the progress of constructing two new factories in Ningbo and Guangzhou which will be completed in the end of 2008 and the beginning of 2009 respectively.
On the cost side, the continue rise in steel price brings some cost and margin pressure to the Group. In the face of this challenge, we will continue to place measures to minimise the adverse impact of rising material prices on our financial performance. These measures include increasing sales prices, optimizing the product portfolio, introducing more higher value added product, shifting production and component purchases to lower cost sources, changing the type of raw materials and improving our operating efficiency. On the other hand, the increase in material price will speed up the application of plastic material as replacement for other expensive materials for production and consequently increase the demand of PIMM in long run.

Although the adverse market conditions affecting the demand of small PIMM machines and the increasing cost of steel may continue in the next six months, we are optimistic for the prospects of the Group and confident in it s future performance and profitability. With our highly-recognised brand, decades-long built business foundation based on comprehensive products serving broad application markets, continuous improvement in product portfolio, economy of scales and strong net-cash financial position, we are much more resilient to these adverse market conditions than the other players in the industry. We consider the current market situations present challenges but as well as opportunities for the Group. As further consolidation in the industry appears inevitable, the Group is well-positioned to further enhance our market leader position and market share. We are confident that the Group will have another record breaking year 
Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thanks all staff members for their contribution in the past year and at the same time, I would also like to express our gratitude towards our shareholders, consumers, suppliers and business partners for their continued confidence in and support to the Group.
Mr Zhang Jingzhang Chairman of the Group 15 April 2008 