Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am delighted to report to our shareholders that Kingboard Laminates Holdings Limited ( the Company ) and its subsidiaries ( the Group ) delivered another set of remarkable results for the financial year ended 31 December 2009. Operating landscape for laminate business improved from second quarter of 2009 due to massive stimulus packages implemented by governments worldwide. Growing signs of global economic stabilization from the third quarter of 2009 helped to lift our sales volume and profitability with remarkable improvement. Boosted by favourable government policies, domestic demand for consumer products in China saw impressive growth at rates well ahead of the rest of the world during the year. The Group, benefited from the persistent focus on the PRC market, has consistently advanced our domestic market share in China. China is now our single largest market with domestic sales denominated in Renminbi ( RMB ) reaching approximately 40% of Group revenue in 2009. Our disciplined operational execution and competitive cost structure, coupled with diversified product portfolio enabled the Group to sail through the financial crisis with outstanding performance. To reward our shareholders, the Board proposes a final dividend of HK18 cents per share subject to shareholders approval.
Together with the interim dividend of HK10 cents per share paid in September 2009, this will constitute a total dividend of HK28 cents per share for the full year.
Revenue Breakdown by Product 
Glass Epoxy Laminates 
Upstream materials including copper foil, epoxy resin, glass fabric and bleached kraft paper 
Others comprises drilling services and PVB 
With better than expected export demand and buoyant domestic China market, sales revenue rebounded with strong momentum in the second half of 2009 ( 2H 2009 ). Consumption of electronic products was stimulated by the implementation of the home appliances to the country side subsidy programme by the PRC government in 2009 which in turn boosted demand for paper laminates. As a result, paper laminates contributed over 15% of Group earnings while overall laminates shipment volume in 2H 2009 was up 25% against first half of 2009 ( 1H 2009 ).
Utilization rates of our laminate plants capacities reached over 90% since the third quarter 2009 ( Q3 2009 ). Due to lower average selling prices of laminate products in 2009 than the previous year, consolidated revenue of the Group declined 10% to HK$9,071.0 million. Underlying earnings before interest and tax ( EBIT ) (excluding non-recurring items) increased substantially by 41% to HK$1,994.6 million. Volume sales increased around 5% against the previous year with average monthly shipment reaching 7.6 million square meters.
Distribution costs increased 11% due to higher shipment volume.
Administrative expenses decreased 5% as a result of strict cost control initiatives. Finance costs substantially decreased to HK$55.5 million mainly attributable to lower interest rates on bank borrowings. Effective tax rate was 7%, being slightly higher than last year.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our consolidated financial and liquidity position stayed robust with strong cash inflow. As at 31 December 2009, net current assets and current ratio of the Group were approximately HK$5,047.6 million (31 December 2008 HK$4,004.0 million) and 3.03 (31 December 2008 2.61), respectively.
The net working capital cycle extended to 155 days as at 31 December 2009 from 113 days as at 31 December 2008 on the following key metrics: Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, increased to 102 days (31 December 2008 75 days) as the Group strategically stocked up key raw materials in anticipation of rising commodity prices.
Trade receivables including amounts due from fellow subsidiaries, in terms of debtors turnover days, increased to 95 days (31 December 2008 70 days), as a result of higher sales revenue in the second half of 2009.
Trade and bills payables including amounts due to fellow subsidiaries, in terms of creditors turnover days, increased to 42 days (31 December 2008 32 days).
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (continued) The Group s net gearing ratio (ratio of interest bearing borrowings net of cash and cash equivalents to total equity) decreased to 10% (31 December 2008 12%). In 2009, the Group invested HK$303.2 million in new production capacities. The proportion of bank borrowings between short term and long term stood at 34%:66% (31 December 2008 34%:66%). Less than 3% of the bank borrowings was denominated in RMB and the rest in Hong Kong or US dollars.
The Group continued to adopt prudent financial management policy including the use of interest rate swap contract to minimise its exposure to fluctuation in interest rates movement. At the end of 2009, we had entered into interest rate swap agreements of notional amount of HK$1.2 billion with reputable financial institutions for a weighted average duration of 0.9 years and interest rate of 2.69%. The Group also entered into commodity forward contracts to manage the Group s exposure to fluctuation in commodities prices. The fair value of these contracts amounted to HK$11.6 million as at 31 December 2009. Other than derivative financial instruments in connection with our daily operations as mentioned above, the Group had not entered into any other type of derivative financial instruments throughout 2009. There was no material foreign exchange exposure to the Group during the year under review. The Group s revenue, mostly denominated in Hong Kong dollars, RMB and US dollars, was fairly matched with the currency requirement of operating 
The Glass Epoxy Laminate plant in Jiangyin, Jiangsu province further strengthens our leading position in eastern China.

As at 31 December 2009, the Group had a workforce of over 8,800 (31 December 2008 8,000). The increase in headcount was in line with improved capacity utilization against last year. In addition to offering competitive salary package, the Group grants discretionary bonuses to eligible employees based on our overall financial achievement and their individual performance.

Global economy is expected to remain stable in year 2010 with positive growth prospects in emerging markets especially China.
Recent economic data indicated widespread rebound in global manufacturing activities as well as improving trend for export demand in US and Europe, which is a clear sign of continued economic recovery. Looking ahead, the Chinese government will continue to implement the subsidy policy of household appliances and automobile purchases in 2010. These measures will definitely have a positive impact on domestic consumption of electronic products which will translate into strong demand for laminate products. Business momentum for electronic products in the first two months of 2010 reflected a sequential upturn against the last quarter of 2009. On the back of higher commodities prices and robust market demand, average selling prices of laminates experienced an uptrend in the first two months of 2010 against the previous quarter. Supply of glass yarn and glass fabric remained tight recently. Benefiting from our vertically integrated business model with a stable supply of upstream materials, the Group definitely has a competitive advantage over our peers in 
Given our dominant market position and diverse product range stretching from mass demand to high performance laminates, the Group is in an unrivaled position to benefit from opportunities arising from growth in the key markets. To reinforce our leading position in the global laminates market, the Group will scale up production capability of paper laminates by 400,000 sheets per month in Fogang, Guangdong province in the first half of 2010.
Additional monthly capacity of 400,000 sheets each of paper and glass epoxy laminates will be increased in the laminate plant in Jiangyin, Jiangsu province in the second half of 2010, which will facilitate further penetration of printed circuit board ( PCB ) customer base in eastern China. By the end of 2010, our monthly laminate capacity is expected to reach 9.2 million sheets, up 15% against the previous year.

Furthermore, the Group is well positioned to reap the benefit from developing thin and high performance laminates. We experienced increasing laminate sales to high density interconnect PCB ( HDI ) customers. The greater need for consumer electronics with networking capabilities supported the development of more compact hand-held devices such as smart phones and mobile computers, utilizing HDI technology. The Group expects demand for laminates used in HDI manufacturing will grow in the next few years. We will continue to invest in upgrading our product mix in order to capture this growing business segment. To promote economic growth and achieve sustainable urban development, the Chinese government has initiated a new pilot scheme for the redevelopment of Three Olds old towns, old villages and old factory buildings in Guangdong province. The Group has been in active discussions with local authorities in Shenzhen to explore the feasibility of redeveloping our plant in Longhua, Shenzhen.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, banks, the management and employees for their unreserved support to the Group in the past financial year.
Cheung Kwok Wa 
Hong Kong, 1 March 2010 