STATEMENT FROM CHAIRMAN 
2010 was a year of great complexity in the Chinese economy. With various stimulus packages the economy maintained fast growth. Merchandise retail sales value increased by more than 18% compared with last year. Disposable income of urban residents increased almost 8%. At the same time inflationary pressure was picking up. GDP grew faster than income growth.
The cost of living for residents and the operational cost for businesses both increased significantly. Global economic recovery was not yet stable. Developed economies were troubled by low growth and high unemployment. Emerging economies, on the other hand, started to experience higher inflation expectations and turned to tightening policies.
As a retail company directly serving millions of consumers, the Group on the one hand faces the challenge of continually higher cost of doing business, and on the other hand feels the enormous opportunity arising from the current marketplace.
In the 12th five-year plan China is committed to improving the living standards of its citizens, aiming at synchronizing resident income growth with economic growth. In the future the policy focus will be less on GDP growth and more on adjusting the demand structure and increasing consumption.
The Group will soon embrace its 20th anniversary. In the past 20 years of growth and development of the Group, we likely benefited more from the opening-up-to-the-outside process characterized by prosperity of part of the population . In the future 20 years we expect to achieve much greater growth and elevation as China continues to step up on its reform process, when the society gradually achieve prosperity for all the people. We believe in this new phase boundless market opportunities exist together with potential business risks. As a leader in the industry, the Group will actively enhance our competitive edge and leadership position. At the same time, we are also ready to work even harder and prepare for all challenges ahead, laying a solid foundation for a company that will last into the next century.
In 2010, we achieved solid results because of the combined effort of all our employees. For the year ended 31 December 2010, the Group recorded an increase of 20.0% in sales and 35.2% in profit attributable to the Company s equity holders as compared with last year. There were 1,562 net additions to company-managed footwear retail outlets and 793 net additions to company-managed sportswear retail outlets during the year. As at 31 December 2010, the total number of company- managed retail outlets reached 12,139 of which 11,967 outlets are located in Mainland China and 172 are located in Hong Kong and Macau.
In September 2010, the Group became a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Index, indicating recognition from the capital market and various stakeholders. While greatly honoured we are also fully aware of the higher level of responsibilities. On the one hand, the Group will continue to raise the standard for corporate governance and management of the business, rewarding investors with outstanding results. On the other hand, we are also committed to giving back to the society with detailed yet concrete actions to fulfill our social responsibilities.
A new year is a new beginning, always with risks and uncertainties, yet full of excitements and opportunities. In the past 20 years we experienced great difficulties but also achieved great success, creating a solid foundation for the future. All of us at Belle are determined to stay true to our core values: perseverance, confidence, discipline and devotion. I am confident that the Group will sail steadily and far against all headwinds ahead.

