On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am delighted to share with our shareholders that Kingboard Laminates Holdings Limited ( the Company ) and its subsidiaries ( the Group ) achieved both record revenue and net profit for the financial year ended 31 December 2007. Our excellent achievement was made possible by careful phase by phase planning of our organic expansion and meticulous execution by the dedicated management team. In light of the Group's strong underlying performance and subject to shareholders' approval, the Board proposes a final dividend of HK20 cents per share to reward our shareholders. Together with the interim dividend of HK10 cents per share paid in September 2007, this will constitute a total dividend of HK30 cents per share for the full year or dividend payout ratio of 50% which is higher than our target of not less than 30% dividend payout ratio.

" Revenue posted strong growth of 23% to exceed HK$10.4 billion " Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was up 11% to a record high of HK$1,813.3 million " Return on equity attributable to equity holders of the Company stayed healthy at 31.1% " Solid financial position with net gearing ratio 23% 
The general economic environment continued its positive momentum in 2007 in spite of modest inventory adjustment in the electronics supply chain in the first quarter and late 2007. The Group has been persistently focusing on capacity expansion and capability upgrading in the past few years so as to ride on the business opportunities as they arise. Being the largest global laminate producer backed by the reliable support of our successful vertically integrated business model with competitive cost structure, the Group has captured additional market share in the global laminate market and achieved higher than industry average growth year-on-year.

Consolidated revenue of the Group was up 23% from fiscal year 2006 to HK$10,426.8 million. Earnings before interest and tax ( EBIT )increased by 13% to HK$2,223.0 million over previous year. Volume sales were up around 14% with average monthly shipment reaching 7.7 million square meters. Revenue growth outpaced volume growth largely due to the faster sales growth of glass epoxy laminates which commanded higher selling price than paper laminates. Average selling price ( ASP ) of laminate increased over previous year for both paper and glass epoxy laminates as a result of high raw material costs during the year.
The new glass epoxy laminate plant in Jiangyin, Jiangsu province commenced production in April 2007 and reached monthly output of 600,000 sheets by end of 2007. Our glass epoxy laminate manufacturing facility in Fogang, Guangdong province also increased its output by 400,000 sheets per month in 2007. Subsequent to these expansion initiatives, total monthly glass epoxy laminate production capacity for the Group increased by 1 million sheets against the previous year. This was in line with our strategy to reinforce our presence in PCB manufacturing hubs in both southern and eastern China so as to serve our customers with timely delivery of quality laminate products. To bolster our level of vertical integration, production capacity of other upstream materials, such as copper foil, bleached kraft paper and epoxy resin was also increased during the year.

The new glass epoxy laminate plant in Jiangyin, Jiangsu province reinforces our presence in eastern China.

The increase in distribution costs by 15% was in line with the increased product shipment. Compared to the magnitude of the revenue growth, administrative expenses increased by only 13% as a result of better operating leverage. Finance cost amounted to HK$168.1 million, mainly relating to the interest expenses incurred on the 5-year term loan facility of HK$2.5 billion drawn in December 2006 and trust receipt loans drawn to fund our working capital.

Our new epoxy resin plant in Jiangyin, Jiangsu province bolsters our production capacities of upstream materials.

LiQUidityaNd CAPITAL RESOURCES Our consolidated financial and liquidity position continued to be strong. As at 31 December 2007, net current assets and current ratio of the Group were approximately HK$4,538.7 million (31 December 2006 - HK$3,873.0 million) and 2.92 (31 December 2006 - 2.87), respectively.

LIQUidiTy AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (continued) The net working capital cycle improved slightly to 121 days as at 31 December 2007 from 124 days as at 31 December 2006 on the following key metrics: 
Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, decreased to 72 days (31 December 2006 - 81 days) Trade receivables including amounts due from fellow subsidiaries, in terms of debtors turnover days, stayed unchanged at 100 days (31 December 2006 - 100 days) Trade and bills payables including amounts due to fellow subsidiaries, in terms of creditors turnover days, decreased to 51 days (31 December 2006-57 days) The Group's net gearing ratio (ratio of interest bearing borrowings net of cash and cash equivalents to total equity) improved marginally to 23% (31 December 2006 - 24%) as a result of our positive operating cash inflow after funding working capital requirement, payment of interest and tax and capital expenditure during the reporting year. In 2007, the Group invested HK$1,364 million in new production capacity and made deposits for properties, plant and equipment of HK$222 million. We also paid interim dividend of HK$300 million in September 2007 in respect of the year ended 31 December 2007.
The proportion of bank borrowings between short term and long term was 20%:80% (31 December 2006: 18%:82%). As of 31 December 2007, the Group had committed bank lines of HK$565 million. Together with cash on hand of HK$1.4 billion, the Group is in a strong financial position to invest in future earnings growth. Only 1% of the bank borrowings was denominated in Renminbi and the rest in Hong Kong or US dollars.
The Group continued to adopt a prudent financial management policy. Subsequent to the 2007 year end, we have entered interest rate swap agreements of notional amount of HK$1.5 billion with reputable financial institutions in order to secure lower interest rates for part of our bank borrowings in the next few years. There was no material foreign exchange exposure to the Group during the year under review. The Group's revenue, mostly dominated in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi and US dollars, was fairly matched with the currency requirement of operating expenses.

As at 31 December 2007, the Group had a workforce of over 8,600 (31 December 2006: 7,200). The increase in headcount was in line with our ongoing expansion blueprint. In addition to offering competitive salary package, the Group grants discretionary bonuses to eligible employees based on our overall financial achievement and their individual performance.

The new glass yarn plant in Qingyuan, Guangdong province further enhances our vertical integration development.

With an excellent growth track record, we are confident that the competitive advantages gained in the past will enable the Group to seize new opportunities and continue to invest for sustainable growth. Although the recent slow down in the US economy has posted a challenge to the entire manufacturing sector, we believe, in light of our financial strength and solid business fundamentals, the Group will continue to create shareholders value and, similar to other downturns in the past, make further advancement against our competitors.

Demand for laminates at the start of 2008 experienced brief softness due to seasonal effect of Chinese Lunar New Year. The power shortage and logistic bottleneck caused by the snowstorm in eastern and southern China provinces had caused temporary disruption to certain production facilities located in the north of Guangdong province for about one week. The affected operations have since then resumed full production. In view of fast growing PCB demand in emerging markets including China, we will continue capacity expansion at our laminate plants in Fogang, Guangdong province and Jiangyin, Jiangsu province to bring total laminate monthly production capacity to 10.6 million square meters, up 10% by the end of 2008. Our new glass yarn plant in Qingyuan, Guangdong province was slightly behind schedule as bad weather in the second half of 2007 had caused delay in the construction work. Nevertheless, trial production had commenced towards end January 2008 and monthly output will reach 2,500 tonnes once the plant is fully ramp up. Glass fabric and copper foil production capacity will also expand in the new financial year in order to secure a stable supply of critical upstream materials to support our expansion blueprint. To capitalise on our broad customer base with diverse product requirements, the Group is continuously developing high end laminate products including thin and high performance laminates.

Our chairman, Mr. Cheung Kwok Wa, and the management team are fully committed to the future growth of the Group.

Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, banks, the management and employees for their unreserved support to the Group in the past year.
Cheung Kwok Wa 
Hong Kong, 17 March 2008 