Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am delighted to report to our shareholders that Kingboard Laminates Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (the Group ) delivered record-breaking revenue and earnings for the financial year ended 31 December 2010. Revenue of the Group grew 44% to HK$13,055.2 million, while net profit (excluding non-recurring item) increased 18% to HK$2,124.0 million. Our vertically integrated business model and experienced management team have placed the Group in an advantageous position to ride through any challenges and capture growth opportunities in the market place. Once again the Group delivered excellent returns to our shareholders. The Board proposes a final dividend of HK18 cents per share subject to shareholders approval. Together with the interim dividend of HK16 cents per share paid in September 2010, this will constitute a total dividend of HK34 cents per share for the full year, representing a payout ratio of 45%.
Backed by the global economic recovery, demand growth for electronic products was robust which translated into strong rebound in exports sales for the Group in the current year.
Bolstered by favourable policies implemented by the Chinese government to boost domestic consumption, domestic demand for consumer products shown significant growth. The Group continued to gain growth momentum in China as a result of our strategic focus on expanding the domestic market, which has enormous growth potential. During the year under review, the Group enjoyed remarkable business growth in China s domestic market. Sales denominated in Renminbi ( RMB ) soared by around 48% to account for 42% of total revenue.
Revenue Breakdown by Product 
Glass Epoxy Laminates 
Upstream Materials including copper foil, epoxy resin, glass fabric and bleached kraft paper Others comprises drilling services and PVB 
Driven by favourable market conditions for electronic products in 2010, robust demand for tablet PCs, smartphones and high- end communication devices translated into strong demand for laminate products, laminate shipment volume experienced significant growth. On the back of higher copper prices in the current year, average selling price ( ASP ) of laminates experienced an uptrend. Meanwhile, supply of glass yarn and glass fabric remained tight, pushing the ASP of glass epoxy laminates even higher. Hence, the Group upgraded certain paper laminates production lines to composite epoxy material ( CEM ) laminates and glass epoxy laminates capacities in order to improve our product mix in the current year. Phase II production capacity of the laminate plant in Jiangyin, Jiangsu province was expanded successfully during the year under review, the monthly production capacities of both CEM laminates and glass epoxy laminates increased progressively in line with market demand.
In addition, 400,000 sheets per month of paper laminates production capacity was added in Fogang plant, Guangdong province. Total laminates production capacity for the Group reached more than 9.8 million square metres per month at the end of 2010.
Consolidated revenue of the Group grew 44% to HK$13,055.2 million, while earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation ( EBITDA ) (excluding non-recurring item) surged by 19% to HK$3,304.5 million. Volume sales increased around 13% against the previous year with average monthly shipment of 8.6 million square metres. However, due to continuous raw materials costs increase in the second half of 2010 and lower capacity utilisation initially for newly added capacities in Jiangyin and Fogang plants together with pre-operating expenses written off for both plants, gross profit margin declined to 24% from 28% 
As shipment volume increased, distribution costs increased 32% against last year. Administrative costs rose 10% while finance costs increased by 18%. Effective tax rate increased to 10% as PRC tax holiday for certain subsidiaries of the Group expired in the current year.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our consolidated financial and liquidity position remained robust with strong operating cash inflow. As at 31 December 2010, net current assets and current ratio of the Group were approximately HK$5,243.4 million (31 December 2009 HK$5,047.6 million) and 2.24 (31 December 2009 3.03) respectively.
The net working capital cycle shortened to 140 days as at 31 December 2010 from 155 days as at 31 December 2009 on the following key metrics: Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, decreased to 84 days as the Group consumed lower costs inventories strategically stocked up in 2009 with higher shipment volume in the current year (31 December 2009 102 
Trade receivables including amounts due from fellow subsidiaries, in terms of debtors turnover days, were 93 days, being similar to last year (31 December 2009 95 
Trade and bills payables including amounts due to fellow subsidiaries, in terms of creditors turnover days, decreased to 37 days (31 December 2009 42 days).
The Group s net gearing ratio (ratio of interest bearing borrowings net of cash and cash equivalents to total equity) was 14% (31 December 2009 10%). In 2010, the Group invested HK$730.5 million in new production capacities. The proportion of bank borrowings between short term and long term stood at 61%:39% (31 December 2009: 34%:66%). Less than 2% of the bank borrowings was denominated in RMB and the rest in Hong Kong or US dollars. As at 31 December 2010, the Group has successfully arranged refinancing for the syndicated loan, which will fall due within 2011, with outstanding amount around 
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (continued) The Group continued to adopt a prudent financial management policy including the use of interest rate swap contracts to minimise its exposure to fluctuation in interest rates. As at the end of 2010, the notional outstanding amount for interest rate swap agreements stood approximately at HK$900 million with a weighted average duration of 0.4 year and interest rate of 2.7%.
The Group also entered into commodity forward contracts so as to manage the Group s exposure to fluctuation in commodities prices. The fair value of these contracts amounted to HK$33.5 million as at 31 December 2010. Other than derivative financial instruments in connection with our daily operations as mentioned above, the Group had not entered into any other material derivative financial instruments throughout the year of 2010.
There was no material foreign exchange exposure to the Group during the year under review. The Group s revenue, mostly denominated in Hong Kong dollars, RMB and US dollars, was fairly matched with the currency requirement of operating 
As at 31 December 2010, the Group had a workforce of approximately 8,800 (31 December 2009: 8,800). Group headcount was similar to last year despite shipment volume increase against last year as a result of more efficient human resources management initiatives implemented by the Group.
In addition to offering competitive salary packages, the Group grants discretionary bonuses to eligible employees based on its overall financial achievement and their individual performance.

With global economic recovery momentum remains on track, export demand for electronic products is expected to be excellent. Hence, the Group is confident of the positive business outlook for the laminate business. On the back of China s buoyant economy, rising disposable income for the consumers in China is likely to further drive up the penetration rate of household appliances and demand growth for electronic consumer products, which in turn should be a positive driver for laminate demand. With increasing popularity of high technology products including smartphones, mobile hand-held devices and tablet PCs, the Group has focused on expanding our capabilities in the production of thin and high performance laminates. The Group has successfully penetrated the thin laminates market in eastern China. We are moving ahead to break into the southern China market with a plan to build additional thin and high performance laminates capacity in our Jiangmen laminate plant in Guangdong province in order to meet the strong demand from our multilayer and high density interconnects ( HDI ) PCB customers.
With tight market supply, raw materials costs for laminates remained high in the first two months of 2011. As a result, ASP of laminates products continued to show an uptrend. Facing the headwinds in a dynamic market environment, the Group will focus on effective cost control and efficiency improvement initiatives as well as ongoing investment to upgrade our product mix to pave a concrete foundation for future revenue growth and reinforce our competitive edge in the laminate market. To further strengthen the Group s vertically integrated business model, preparation is currently underway to build a new glass fabric plant and a glass yarn plant in Changzhou, Jiangsu province over the next two years to secure the supply of key upstream materials for the laminates division in eastern China. The Group has made good progress in discussions with local authorities in Shenzhen to explore the feasibility of redeveloping our existing plant in Lunghua, Shenzhen.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, banks, the management and employees for their unreserved support to the Group in the past financial year.
Cheung Kwok Wa 
Hong Kong, 7 March 2011 