Chairman’s Statement
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Business Review
In 2016, the global market remained unstable for a number of reasons, including volatility in exchange rate of developing countries’
currencies as a result of expected rate increase by US Federal Reserve and regional political tension resulting from a series of “Black
Swan” events such as Brexit and results of US presidential election. As the China manufacturing PMI was below 50 for most of the
time of the year, going through a period of slower growth in economic development has become a reality for domestic market in
China. Even though Chinese economic growth still faces significant pressure, it is far more stable than most other regions in the
world and a mild recovery in demand for plastic injection moulding machine industry arrived in the second half of 2016, even before
a concrete full recovery in the domestic manufacturing sector.
2016 marked the 50th anniversary of the Group. Through the commitment of every employee of the Company and its business
partners, we achieved another historical sales record this year and our sales reached RMB8,098.1 million, representing an increase
of 10.4% compared to RMB7,336.4 million recorded in 2015. During the Period, as a result of stable raw materials costs, structural
change in sales after the full launch of the “Plus” series machines and increase in sales, our operational efficiency and profitability
continued to improve and enhance. Our gross profit margin improved from 33.0% in 2015 to 34.4% in 2016, as a result of (i)
improvement in operational efficiency, (ii) stable steel related raw material costs, and (iii) aforesaid change in sales structure.
The improvement in gross profit margin led to increase of our operating profit to RMB1,811.0 million, representing an increase of
17.2% compared to RMB1,545.5 million in 2015. At the same time, the enhancement in operational efficiency led to an increase in
the net profit margin (excluding the non-cash accounting loss of change in fair value of CB) from 18.2% in 2015 to 19.6% in 2016,
reaching another record high in our history. The net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB1,550.9
million in 2016, representing an increase of 13.8% when compared to the results in 2015. Excluding the non-cash accounting loss
of change in fair value of CB, the adjusted net profit attributable to the shareholders of the Company would increase to RMB1,583.8
million, representing an increase of 18.8% compared to results in 2015.
The Board of Directors has declared a second interim dividend of HK$0.20 per share for the year ended 31 December 2016 (2015:
HK$0.19) and the total dividend for 2016 would amount to HK$0.37 (2015: HK$0.35) per share.
Domestic and export sales
Against the backdrop of new ordinary slower growth rate in domestic economy, the Chinese manufacturing PMI gradually improved
in the second half of 2016 and stood above 50 since the fourth quarter. This reflected a mild recovery in the domestic manufacturing
industries, among which the demand for plastic injection moulding machines started to resume its momentum. For 2016, our
domestic sales increased by 14.0% to RMB5,552.7 million and further strengthened its leading position among industrial peers in
China.
For international market, the consecutive Black Swan events in Europe and US led to an increasingly stronger US dollars, which
caused the increased volatility in exchange rate of developing countries’ currencies. This to a certain extent dampened the purchasing
power of our customers in related regions. Nonetheless, our diversified market strategy continued to compensate such external
adverse factors and our investment in Germany and India for the past years started to drive the sales growth in relevant regional
markets. We recorded a historical high export sales of RMB2,360.8 million in 2016, representing an increase of 3.0% compared to
results in 2015.
Despite the adverse influence on demand of some overseas customers in view of continuing adjustment in global economy which
falls short of a full recovery, the domestic economy in China saw a mild recovery and this drove the demand in plastic injection
moulding machines. That recovery in the second half of 2016 was more obvious in the sales of small tonnage machines, which are
more sensitive and response faster to changes of market situation and economic performance. This led to improvement in the sales
of our Mars series PIMMs, which increased 9.1% to RMB5,548.9 million in 2016 from RMB5,086.1 million in 2015.
Our strategy of shifting small tonnage PIMMs towards full-electric PIMMs and large-tonnage PIMMs to two-platen PIMMs continued
to deliver outstanding results. The sales of our Zhafir electrical series and two-platen Jupiter Series (large two-platen PIMMs) in 2016
reached RMB795.1 million and RMB982.2 million, representing an increase of 17.7% and 32.5% respectively. In 2016, the sales mix
of electric PIMMs in small tonnage PIMMs and that of two-platen PIMMs in medium-to-large tonnage PIMMs reached 15.3% (2015:
14.8%) and 36.3% (2015: 28.5%) respectively.
Prospect
While the global economy is far from a solid recovery, conflicts related to illegal immigrants and refugees after the recent terrorist
incidents in Europe and regional political conflicts in Europe and US indirectly fuels the populism movements in many countries in the
world. At the same time, the social instability following stagnation in economic growth in many countries bring further uncertainty
for the country leaders in their management of economy and politics and may lead to increased measures of protectionism. After a
slower economic growth is recognized as normal in China, the future growth in economy during such “L” shape growth period will
rely on domestic consumption and will deliver a comparatively more stable development than other economies in the world.
Since the second half of 2016, the Chinese government implemented a number of policies including “Stable Growth, Reduce
Overcapacity” with the target to bring the financial industry back on track. This strengthened the investment confidence among
local customers and with Chinese manufacturing PMI above 50 the new investment in real economy becomes more active. This
trend continued into early 2017 and the orders from customers well exceeded our expectation. The records achieved in 2016 proved
that our business strategies are successful and we will continue to adhere to the principles of customer demand as guidance and
implement “application-oriented” in our marketing strategy. This will allow us to seize the opportunity in the recent recovery and
continue to deliver innovative products with high price-to-performance ratio to the customers.
US Federal Reserve’s plan to raise interest rate is becoming clear and the strengthening of US dollars is under way. With a more
predictable path, the volatility from such factors and their impacts may become less disruptive and its magnitude much less. The
global supply chain built under the World Trade Organization and its trade agreements brings the major economies and the world
economy closer together and we are cautiously optimistic on the path to recovery for different economies in the world following
the growth in Europe and US. We are also well prepared to the challenges in international markets by further implementing the
strategies of local manufacturing in different regions such as Germany, India, Vietnam and other key markets.
Our strategy of innovation in technology, management and service once again received official recognition. Our wholly-owned
subsidiary, Haitian Plastics Machinery Group Co., Ltd. was awarded winner for the plastic injection moulding machine industry
among the list of manufacturing enterprises receiving awards from Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of Chinese
Government. Our green and smart large-tonnage two-platen plastic injection moulding machine was awarded China Machinery
Industrial First Grade Technology Award.
We believe our advanced research and development capabilities and innovation would match the new national strategy of “Made
in China 2025” by Chinese Government. We will further innovate in our product development, manufacturing process and service
to ride on the third industrial revolution of artificial intelligence. We target to build a solid foundation in providing smart automation
product to our customers and continue to lead in the competitive industry in the world and create greater value for our customers,
shareholders and employees.


