MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
2014 was another challenging year for Chinese manufacturing industry. The slow down of growth in China GDP to 7.4%, the slowest growth rate in previous 24 years, and string of economic indicators including manufacturing PMI and export growth, all pointed to the concealed weakness in Chinese economy. Globally, significant depreciation of Yen and Euro as a result of respective quantitative easing measures favor our overseas competitors pricing position. Ongoing political disputes and outbreak of different regional crisis around the world including ISIS activities and sanctions against Russia, which affect manufacturing activities in affected countries and regions, also brought challenges to our export businesses. In response to these challenges, our committed efforts in enhancing communication and interaction with our customers, product innovation that well addressed the market needs and enhanced operational and manufacturing efficiency enabled us to deliver a solid financial performance in 2014 and maintain our leadership in the plastic injection machine industry.
For year 2014, with strong performance of our second generation ( Generation 2 ) s machines, all-electic and two-plate PIMM and increasing market share in the international markets resulted from brand recognition, we continue to maintain a mild growth momentum and again set a new revenue record in our history for 2 consecutive years. We recorded revenue of RMB7,560.3 million in 2014, representing an increase of 5.0% compared to the revenue of RMB7,200.7 million in 2013.
In order to achieve a sustainable growth of business under complicated and ever-changing environment, we focus not only on quantitative revenue growth but also qualitative profit and efficiency. In the past few years, we have put plenty resources and efforts in improving our operational efficiency including implementation of Lean Manufacturing Process, providing training to different level of staff to increase their productivity and enhancing our IT system to better monitor inventory and manufacturing process. As a result, we continued to make remarkable achievements in operational efficiency and profitability. In 2014, our gross margin increased to 32.4% from 31.6% in 2013. The rise of gross margin was attributable to i) improved gross margin of Generation 2 PIMMs as a result of better production efficiency and cost position after one year of full scale production, ii) improvement in operational efficiency, benefiting from economic of scale and iii) relatively stable steel related raw material costs. As a result of the improved gross margin, our operating profit increased from RMB1,355.9 million in 2013 to RMB1,485.9 million in 2014, representing an increase of 9.6%.
In February 2014, we issued US dollar denominated 2.00 coupon CB due 2019 in the amount of USD 200 million for general corporate use. The one-off issuing expense of CB amounted to RMB24.3 million and non-cash accounting expense of change in fair value of CB which amounted to RMB4.3 million were charged to the finance costs in 2014. Our net profit attributable to shareholders in 2014 increased to RMB1,305.0 million, representing an increase of 8.2% compared to 2013. If the issuing expense and change in fair value of CB are excluded, the adjusted net profit attributable to shareholders in 2014 would increase to RMB1,333.7 million, representing an increase of 10.6% compared to 2013.

The Board of Directors has declared a second interim dividend of HK$0.18 per share for the year ended 31 December 2014 (2013: HK$0.16), bringing the total dividend for 2014 to HK$0.34 per share (2013: HK$0.31).
Domestic and export sales Domestic and export sales of the Group by geographic areas are summarized in the following table: (RMB million) 2014 % 2013 % 
Domestic Sales 5,071.1 67.1% 4,975.9 69.1% 1.9% Export Sales 2,331.4 30.8% 2,061.3 28.6% 13.1% Parts 157.8 2.1% 163.5 2.3% (3.5%) Total 7,560.3 100% 7,200.7 100.0% 5.0% The domestic demand of PIMMs remained sluggish in 2014. With Chinese government s effort in economic reforms and structural adjustments and shifting focus from high GDP growth to sustainable development with higher quality and efficiency, investment sentiment and expansion plan in domestic markets were inevitably affected in the short term. The China HSBC manufacturing PMI kept struggling near its expansioncontraction benchmark of 50 throughout 2014, which reflected continuing slow-down in China s manufacturing sector. Leveraging on our brand reputation and excellent performance of our Generation 2 machines, we not only maintained high level sales activities in domestic market but also further reinforced our leading market position in China. We recorded domestic sale of RMB5,071.1 million in 2014, representing a mild increase of 1.9% compared to RMB4,975.9 million in 
The global economy remains complicated and fast-changing. In 2014, we observed positive signs of the US recovery, but Europe and South America experienced different level of slow down in economy while Russia suffered from the impact of trade sanctions imposed. In the face of such complex and diversified features of different markets in the world, the benefits of our market diversification are evident from our export performance. Through our strategy of product innovation, strengthening export sales including developing new markets and enhancing the pre-sales and after-sales services, our export sales reached a new record of RMB2,331.4 million in 2014, representing a growth of 13.1% from 2013. The key drivers of growth were attributable to gaining market share in high-end PIMM consumption markets such as United States, Korea and Thailand where we recorded double digit growth, notwithstanding a mild offset by the decline in sales in Russian and South American markets.

Small and medium-to-large tonnage sales The Group s sales by small tonnage and medium-to-large tonnage plastic injection moulding machines are summarized in the 
(RMB million) 2014 % 2013 % 
Small tonnage 4,687.7 62.0% 4,545.5 63.1% 3.1% Medium-to-large tonnage 2,714.8 35.9% 2,491.7 34.6% 9.0% Parts 157.8 2.1% 163.5 2.3% (3.5%) Total 7,560.3 100% 7,200.7 100% 5.0% Despite the tough market environment, we still maintained a mild growth in our small and medium-to-large tonnage PIMM. The sales of small tonnage PIMMs increased to RMB4,687.7 million in 2014, representing an increase of 3.1% and the sales of medium- to-large tonnage PIMMs increased to RMB2,714.8 million in 2014, representing an increase of 9.0%. The growth was primarily driven by our relentless efforts in developing full-electric PIMMs for small tonnage PIMMs and two-plate PIMMs for medium-to-large PIMMs. In 2014, the sales of our Zhafir Venus Series (full-electric PIMMs) and our Jupiter Series (large two-plate PIMMs) increased to RMB521.7 million and RMB530.3 million, representing an increase of 22.4% and 38.8% respectively. During the year, the sales mix of full-electric PIMMs in small tonnage PIMM and that of two-plate PIMMs in medium-to-large tonnage PIMMs accounted for 11.1% (2013: 9.4%) and 19.5% (2013: 15.3%) respectively. The increase in the sales mix of full-electric PIMMs and two-plate PIMMs is the evidence of our long term commitment in product innovation.
Besides strong growth of our full-electric and two-plate PIMMs, we also make a remarkable progress in R&D. In order to capture the increase application of two-plate PIMMs, we have extended our two-plate PIMM product range by developing a model with smaller clamping force of 450 tonnes while at the same time raising the largest clamping force of two-plate PIMM to 6,600 tones, the largest in Asia. The JU6600 was evaluated by Ningbo Economic and Information Technology Commission as the new product that has the energy-saving, environmental friendly, high precision and efficient features, the major specifications and overall performance meeting the international advanced level .
For full-electric PIMM, we launched a new series, Zeres. Zeres fills in the gap of conventional full-electric machines and extends the options for electric injection molding solutions. Zeres is a tremendously flexible machine based on electric technology and equipped with an integrated hydraulic unit. Zeres perfectly addresses the needs of some plastics processor and allows those customers who still operate moulds with hydraulic core pulls to benefit from advantages of electric machines such as high precision and easy maintenance etc. In 2014, we also started our R&D project in key computerized controls technology application in plastic injection moulding machines ( QXelbWPxecNNubSxvzSa(u:y{ ), which is partially funded by National Science and Technology Support Program W[ybedR to further enhance the technical performance of our Venus series full-electric and Mars series energy-saving PIMMs.
Our efforts in R&D and new product innovation are well reflected in our Haitian brand. In the 2014 China Brand Evaluation List conducted by CCTV together with China National Institute of Standardization, China Association for Brand Construction Promotion, China Council for the Promotion of International Trade and China Appraisal Society, our Haitian Brand achieved a brand value of RMB5.83 billion and brand strength of 727, ranking the fourth in Chinese machinery manufacturing industry list, up from the eighth in 2013. We believed our long term committed efforts in R&D, innovation in management, technology and services enable us to gradually achieve the aims of shift from Made in China to Create in China, Chinese efficiency to Chinese quality and Chinese product to Chinese brand.

The overall operating environment in China and the world will continue to be complicated and uncertain. Globally, depreciation of Yen and Euro would make our major overseas competitors machines more flexible in pricing while political disputes and regional crisis create uncertainty in new investments in different markets. China s economic growth still faces downward pressure and structure adjustments will continue to be implemented.
Chinese government has set a lower GDP growth target of 7.0% for the coming year. The recent consecutive cuts in interest rate and reserve requirement ratio for banks are expected to lower the burdens on enterprises, tackle looming deflation risk and stabilise further cool-down of Chinese economy. With the aim of transforming Chinese economy steadily into a new normal era, Chinese central bank is expected to continue to implement a prudent monetary policy instead stimulating economic growth aggressively.
Therefore we do not expect the domestic market and investment sentiment will have dramatic improvement nor there will be any significant deterioration in short term. At the same time, we are optimistic in long term economic development of China as we observed that Chinese domestic consumption had surpassed investment to become the strongest driving force of GDP growth.
This points to that a new growth model has already started forming towards a new normal era of development. The increase in domestic consumption and China s ongoing modernization efforts will continue to drive the steady growth of PIMM s demand.
In the face of slowing down of Chinese economy growth under the new normal era, we set our 2015 target to maintaining sustainability of our business performance with steady growth. To meet this target, we will further enhance our competitive edge in technology innovation, brand reputation, product quality and service standards through continuous innovation in technology, management and services.
For technology innovation, we will continue to develop new products to bring to the customers concrete benefits exactly to the point with justified costs and add various versions of machines to meet the specific application requirement of customers. On the other hands, along the focus of energy-efficiency and upgrading the equipment with better efficiency and output quality in China, we expect the demand of full-electric and two-plate PIMMs will continue to rise and we will continue our strategy in further expanding the market share of our full-electric and two-plate PIMMs market.
For communication and interaction with customers, we have and will continue to set up and expand overseas assembly factories service centers at important markets such as India and Germany to expand and increase the share of overseas market. With these overseas permanent establishments, we can actively, directly and efficiently communicate with overseas customers of their needs and further enhance our pre-sales and after-sales service quality.
For efficiency, our two new factories in Ningbo started partial operation in 2014. The new factories can raise our efficiency and product quality through modernization of the production process, further rationalize the production process planning and upgrading vertical production capabilities.
Leveraging on our prestigious brand, outstanding price-to-performance ratio, self-developed core technology, extensive distribution network, strong financial position, quality after-sales service and efficient production scale, we are confident to maintain our industry-leading position, deliver steady solid performance in 2015 and bring satisfactory returns to our shareholders.

Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thanks all staff members for their contribution in the past year and at the same time, I would also like to express our gratitude towards our shareholders, customers, suppliers and business partners for their continued confidence in and support to our Group.
Mr. Zhang Jingzhang 
10 April 2015 