CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am delighted to report to our shareholders that Kingboard Laminates Holdings Limited ( the Company ) and its subsidiaries ( the Group ) delivered satisfactory results for the financial year ended 31 December 2015. Global economic growth was slow while demand was weak during the year. However, benefitting from the upgrading of telecommunications networks and the development of smart electric vehicles, as well as replacement demand for electrical appliances driven by the Internet of Things, the high-technology electronics market recorded strong sales. This has resulted in intense demand for high-performance laminates.
At the same time, after going through years of fierce market consolidation, the demand-supply balance in the laminates market has evidently improved.
Over recent years, the Group has actively expanded the production of high- performance, value-adding laminates and the supply of upstream materials.
These efforts have yielded great results for the Group. Output and shipment of glass epoxy laminates ( FR4 ) have both set new high records.
Turnover Breakdown by Products 
Glass Epoxy Laminates 
Upstream Materials including copper foil, epoxy resin, glass fabric and bleached kraft paper @ Properties mainly comprised rental income # Others comprised drilling services and polyvinyl butyral ( PVB ) BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) Consequent to the decline in the prices of commodities, the price of copper, major metal material for laminates production, dropped significantly during the year. The Group has therefore lowered the selling price of laminates, resulting in a slight decrease of 4% in Group revenue to HK$12,769.7 million. Benefitting from a smaller adjustment in laminates selling price relative to the drop in material costs, the profit margin has improved, driving yearly underlying net profit (excluding non-recurring items) to rise 11% to 
In view of the healthy financial position of the Group, the Board has proposed a final dividend of HK11.3 cents per share, subject to shareholders approval.
Together with the interim dividend of HK6.4 cents per share paid in October 2015, this will constitute a total dividend of HK17.7 cents per share for the full year, representing a payout ratio of 44% 
In 2015, the Group s consolidated revenue was HK$12,769.7 million, achieved on an average monthly shipment volume of 9.6 million square metres, an increase of 1% over the previous year. Driven by demand for high-end electronics products such as smartphones, telecommunications base stations, servers and automobiles, the aggregate shipment volumes of composite epoxy material laminates ( CEM ) and FR4 surged 8%. Revenue from these products accounted for 64% of Group revenue in 2015, while paper laminates sales contributed 16% of total revenue. The balance mainly comprised sales of upstream materials and other products. The Group s gross profit margin improved to 17% from 15% for the corresponding period last year. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation ( EBITDA ) (excluding non-recurring items) also increased 9% to HK$2,346.8 
The Group s effective tax rate was 17.5%. As shipment volumes expanded, haulage distance increased and operating cost increased in Mainland China, distribution costs and administrative cost increased 6% and 11% respectively against last year.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES The Group s consolidated financial and liquidity position remained robust. As at 31 December 2015, net current assets and current ratio of the Group were approximately HK$9,878.9 million (31 December 2014: HK$7,113.4 million) and 2.95 (31 December 2014: 2.15) respectively.
The net working capital cycle increased to 115 days as at 31 December 2015 from 110 days as at 31 December 2014, on the following key metrics: Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, increased to 48 days (31 December 2014: 47 days).
Trade receivables, including amounts due from fellow subsidiaries, in terms of debtors turnover days, were up to 106 days (31 December 2014: 101 days).
Trade and bills payables, including amounts due to fellow subsidiaries, in terms of creditors turnover days, increased to 39 days (31 December 2014: 38 days).
The Group s net gearing ratio (ratio of interest-bearing borrowings, net of cash and cash equivalents, to total equity) was reduced to 15% (31 December 2014: 18%). In 2015, the Group invested HK$512.3 million in new production capacities and HK$1,584.6 million in its property business. Equipped with an experienced professional management team, a solid business foundation and sound financial strength, management is confident that these investments will deliver stable and satisfactory returns to shareholders over the long term.
The ratio of bank borrowings between short-term and long-term stood at 24%:76% (31 December 2014: 56%:44%). Meanwhile, the Group maintained sufficient financial resources to meet the requirements for future market 
The Group continued to adopt a prudent financial management policy. The Group did not enter into any material derivative financial instruments, nor did the Group have any material foreign exchange exposure during the year. The Group s revenue, mostly denominated in Hong Kong dollars, RMB and US dollars, was fairly matched with the currency requirements of its operating 
As at 31 December 2015, the Group had a workforce of approximately 10,400 (31 December 2014: 10,400). In addition to offering competitive salary packages, the Group grants share options and discretionary bonuses to eligible employees based on the Group s overall financial achievements and employees individual performance.

At the onset of 2016, strong demand is witnessed in downstream electronics market for high-performance laminates. Staying focused on raising the production efficiency of its plants, the Group is confident of achieving steady profit growth. As production of FR4 laminates approaches full capacity, management has started to identify appropriate acquisition targets with a view to raising capacity for high-performance laminates and expediting market consolidation. Meanwhile, the Group plans to increase the capacity of glass fabric, an upstream material, and the capacity will increase 18% to 39 million meters per month.
The Group is also actively leveraging its own production technologies and management expertise to seek expansion into high value-added manufacturing in other industries where it enjoys an advantage. To this end, the team of PVB business is undertaking research and development into a third-generation PVB film with sound insulation function. Management believes this new product will drive the Group s further development in the PVB market. As new energy vehicles, in particular electric ones, lead the growth of the automobile industry, it is foreseeable that the demand for copper foil used in batteries will go up. The Group owns battery-use copper foil technologies that have already been accredited by numerous well- known automobile manufacturers. In the next few years, the Group will step up efforts in research and development, as well as capacity investments, in related technologies in order to meet market demand.

The Group relocated its glass fabric plant in Shenzhen to Qingyuan, Guangdong Province. The new plant has commenced operation smoothly.
The former plant site in Shenzhen has received approval for the renovation and redevelopment. Management is actively exploring different ways to redevelop the site. Residential properties in Kunshan and Jiangyin, Jiangsu Province will be completed consecutively from this year onwards. The pre- sale proceeds from these properties will be booked at proper time. The Group has no current intention to increase its land bank, but will focus on completing the existing projects with the aim of delivering greater returns for 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, banks, the management and employees for their unreserved support to the Group in the past financial 
Cheung Kwok Wa 
Hong Kong, 21 March 2016 