STATEMENT FROM CHAIRMAN 
In the past two years, China s economy continued its structural transition, with declining growth momentum.
As a result the consumer retail market experienced prolonged weakness. Faced with a weak retail market and a challenging business environment, all my colleagues continued to work hard as one united team and achieved both positive revenue growth and positive profit growth. We managed to consolidate market share and improve market competitiveness. I would like to take this opportunity to thank all my colleagues for their 
For the fourteen months ended 28 February 2014 the Group grew revenues by 10.1%, operating profits by 4.1%, profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by 1.0%, as compared with the same period of last year. The group continued to expand company-managed retail network. As at 28 February 2014 the total number of company-managed retail outlets reached 19,333, of which 19,177 were located in Mainland China, 156 in Hong Kong and Macau.
In the first twenty years of our history, the Group greatly benefited from an overall supportive environment of reform and opening up, and achieved impressive rapid growth. During the painful economic transition in recent years, however, our experience has been no exception to the general conundrum of slow growth. That being said, an environment of slower growth might present a rare opportunity for us, an organization so used to fast growth, to review our business, innovate, and change. Continued improvements in organizational structure, managerial method, and business infrastructure not only will help us improve quality of operations and alleviate the pressure of rising cost, but also will strengthen our competitiveness and leadership versus competition. The Group has also been very proactive in investing in new initiatives and emerging channels, which will drive growth in the future.
I believe, with all of us remaining passionate in business creation, open to new ideas and fresh perspectives, and continue to learn and improve, we will be able to continue to innovate and achieve long-term sustainable 
