STATEMENT FROM CHAIRMAN 
In 2012 the world economic environment continued to be mired with fluctuations and uncertainties. External demand was sluggish. The Chinese economy experienced a slowdown. Willingness to invest and confidence of consumers were both low. There was a general overcapacity, resulting from the accumulation of issues in economic development over the past years. Although adjustments to macroeconomic policies can support the economy in the short term, the structural imbalance in the Chinese economy will not be solved overnight. It is likely that the Chinese economy has bid farewell to the era of high growth. We are likely entering a prolonged phase of structural rebalancing and moderate growth.
In the consumer retail market overall sentiment was weak. Rising income for the average wage-earner did not effectively translate into higher consumer demand. Growth for relevant sectors was generally under pressure.
At the same time, due to higher expenses, especially staff cost, profit margin was being squeezed for many businesses. In such a difficult environment, my colleagues continued to work hard, facing the challenges head- on. As a result the Group not only achieved positive growth of both revenues and profits, but also improved market competitiveness and market share, delivering a satisfactory set of results. I would like to take this opportunity to thank all my colleagues.
For the year ended 31 December 2012 the Group grew its revenues by 13.5%, operating profit by 2.6%, and profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by 2.3%, as compared with the prior year. There were 1,820 net additions to company-managed footwear retail outlets and 794 net additions to company-managed sportswear retail outlets during the year in Mainland China. As at 31 December 2012 the total number of company-managed retail outlets reached 17,712, of which 17,564 outlets are located in Mainland China and 148 in Hong Kong and Macau.
A difficult year 2012 is behind us. Year 2013 is still full of challenges. In the face of various short term challenges and a prospect of relatively slower growth, we are fully prepared. We are prepared to make necessary adjustments to our business tactics to adapt to changes in the market environment. At the same time the Group still remains optimistic on the medium and long term potential of future development.
Potential demand created by a rebalancing economy and income growth will provide the Group with a favorable market environment for long term growth. In recent months, there has been a series of positive signs in policy stance, economic environment as well as capital markets. These positive signs, although likely will take some time to translate into concrete consumer demand and market performance, will enable us to be more confident in continuing to invest in the future. We believe that the organization and all our people will continue to be cognizant, perceptive and confident. We will continue to carry on the passion in our tradition as well as our proactive corporate culture. We will continue to improve our competence and competitiveness with a thoughtful mind and effective execution. We will tackle the challenges and capture underlying opportunities in an effort to build the Group into a leading business organization with long term sustainable 
