CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am delighted to report to our shareholders that Kingboard Laminates Holdings Limited ( the Company ) and its subsidiaries ( the Group ) delivered satisfactory results for the financial year ended 31 December 2014. Growth in the electronics market during the year was mainly driven by sales of smartphones, telecommunications base stations and automobile-related electronic products. Leveraging on the management s business acumen and extensive operational experience, the Group was able to formulate visionary development strategies to help it achieve outstanding results through consistent capacity expansion in high- performance laminates and other upstream materials. Laminates output and shipment volumes have thus climbed to new record highs. During the year, capacity enhancement works for our laminates plants were completed as scheduled. To further strengthen our vertical production setup, enhanced facilities for upstream materials were commissioned during the year, increasing the monthly capacities of glass fabric by 26% to 3.3 million metres and glass yarn by 45% to 9,000 tonnes.
Turnover Breakdown by Products 
Glass Epoxy Laminates 
* Upstream Materials including copper foil, epoxy resin, glass fabric and bleached kraft paper @ Properties mainly comprised rental income # Others comprised drilling services and PVB BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) Group revenue for the year increased 4% to HK$13,282.7 million, producing an underlying net profit (excluding non-recurring items) of HK$1,095.5 million, a mild drop of 5%. Despite the persistent difficult operating environment for the manufacturing sector in China, the Group was able to deliver satisfactory earnings and maintained a healthy financial position.
The Board has proposed a final dividend of HK10 cents per share, subject to shareholders approval. Together with the interim dividend of HK6 cents per share paid in September 2014, this will constitute a total dividend of HK16 cents per share for the full year, representing a payout ratio of 44%.

In 2014, the Group s consolidated revenue was HK$13,282.7 million, achieved on an average monthly shipment volume of 9.5 million square metres, an increase of 5% over the previous year. Revenue from composite epoxy material laminates ( CEM ) and glass epoxy laminates ( FR4 ) contributed 60% of Group revenue in 2014, while paper laminates sales accounted for 19% of total revenue. The balance mainly comprised sales of upstream materials and other products. The Group s gross profit margin was maintained at 15%. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation ( EBITDA ) (excluding non-recurring items) were HK$2,146.2 million, remaining level with 2013.

As shipment volume expanded, distribution and administrative costs increased 3% and 6% respectively against last year. Finance costs dropped 18% during the year, mainly as a result of lower average bank borrowings and borrowing costs. The effective tax rate was 14.5%.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our consolidated financial and liquidity position remained robust. As at 31 December 2014, net current assets and current ratio of the Group amounted to approximately HK$7,113.4 million (31 December 2013: HK$7,983.9 million) and 2.15 (31 December 2013: 2.97) respectively.
The net working capital cycle decreased to 110 days as at 31 December 2014 from 111 days as at 31 December 2013, on the following key metrics: Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, increased to 47 days (31 December 2013: 44 days).
Trade receivables, including amounts due from fellow subsidiaries, in terms of debtors turnover days, were shortened to 101 days (31 December 2013: 107 days).
Trade and bills payables, including amounts due to fellow subsidiaries, in terms of creditors turnover days, were shortened to 38 days (31 December 2013: 40 days).
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
The Group s net gearing ratio (ratio of interest-bearing borrowings, net of cash and cash equivalents, to total equity) was reduced to 18% (31 December 2013: 21%). In 2014, the Group invested HK$930 million in new production capacities and HK$770 million in its property business. Equipped with an experienced professional management team, a solid business foundation and sound financial strength, management is confident that these investments will deliver stable and attractive returns to shareholders over the long term. The ratio of bank borrowings between short term and long term stood at 56%:44% (31 December 2013: 30%:70%). Meanwhile, the Group maintained sufficient financial resources to meet the requirements for future 
The Group continued to adopt a prudent financial management policy. It has entered into forward currency contracts in order to minimize the Group s foreign exchange exposure. As at 31 December 2014, such contracts had a fair value of HK$6.8 million. Other than the aforesaid instrument which was related to the Group s normal course of business, the Group did not enter into any other types of derivative financial instruments, nor did the Group have any material foreign exchange exposure during the year. The Group s revenue, mostly denominated in Hong Kong dollars, RMB and US dollars, was fairly matched with the currency requirements of its operating expenses.

As at 31 December 2014, the Group had a workforce of approximately 10,400 (31 December 2013: 9,700). The increase in workforce was mainly due to the increased staff force at the newly completed laminates plant in Jiangmen, Guangdong Province and at the new glass yarn plant in Qingyuan, Guangdong Province. In addition to offering competitive salary packages, the Group grants share options and discretionary bonuses to eligible employees based on the Group s overall financial achievements and employees 
The year 2015 is witnessing continued warming up of the market for downstream electronic gadgets including smartphones and electronic consumer products, helping to drive the demand for high-performance laminates. Having tapped successfully into the market for LED-related laminates, the Group expects to see steady growth in sales going forward. All our plants are actively working on enhancing their operation efficiency to meet strong demand in laminates production.
In a consistently improving environment for the laminates business, the Group has commissioned further capacity enhancement works at the newly completed glass yarn plant in Qingyuan, Guangdong Province.
Recent years, demand in PVB film continues to expand. After more than a decade of active development in the production of quality PVB films, the Group is one of only four manufacturers in the world equipped with thin- film photovoltaic technology. As PVB s application in the construction and automobile glass industries continues to grow, as well as the further development of optics and photovoltaics, the Group plans to expand its production of PVB.
The property segment has maintained strong sales and satisfactory occupancy rates for its rental properties. With approval of the relevant authorities, our old plant in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province could be redeveloped. Design planning is now underway for this property redevelopment project with an expected buildable gross floor area of 400,000 square metres. Together with the plots of land in Kunshan and Jiangyin, Jiangsu Province, the Group owns a land bank in China with a gross floor area measuring approximately 1.7 million square metres. There is no immediate plan to increase this. The Group will focus on completing the existing projects with a view to delivering greater returns for shareholders.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, banks, the management and employees for their unreserved support to the Group in the past financial 
Cheung Kwok Wa 
Hong Kong, 16 March 2015 