Chairman s Statements 
On behalf of Haitian International Holdings Limited, ( Haitian Holdings or the Company ), with its subsidiaries (together, the Group ), I am pleased to present the Group s annual results for the year ended 31 December 2008.

The year 2008 was a challenging and diffi cult year for every sector of the global industry. The Group was confronted by a challenging business environment including outbreak of the US sub-prime mortgage crisis, shrinkage in the consumer demand and the unprecedented fl uctuation of raw material price. With the effort of our strategy in continuous product advancement and diversifi cation, we still managed to record a mild sales growth in the fi rst half of 2008. However, the sales growth momentum prevailing in the fi rst half of 2008 was hit by the drastic market downturn in the second half of the year. The adverse effect of US sub-prime mortgage crisis began to prominently surface in the fourth quarter of 2008 and caused the demand for the Group s products dropped. On top of the negative impact of badly shaken investment confi dence resulting from rapid spread of the fi nancial turmoil, the Group s business was also suffered from temporarily delay of orders resulted from the value-added tax ( VAT ) reform of Mainland China in the fourth quarter of 2008. Under the VAT reform, our customers are allowed to deduct input VAT for fi xed-asset purchased after 1 January 2009. Even though the policy would effectively encourage the corporate investment in machineries by saving 17% VAT cash outfl ow in the long-run, it led to our customers postponing their purchase plans until after 1 January 2009. As a result, the Group s sales performance in 2008 was seriously affected by these external factors and recorded turnover amounting to RMB3,694.4 million, representing a decrease of 3.4% as compared with RMB3,824.9 million for 2007.

Due to the change in market condition as evident by plummeting market demand for plastic injection moulding machines ( PIMMs ) especially for small tonnage PIMMs and sales of our small tonnage PIMMs experienced a decline of 12.4% to RMB2,228.9 million.
Nonetheless, our strategy of product diversifi cation and improvement allowed us to be more resilient to the market softening than other industry peers. The continued acceptance of our energy-saving machines namely Mars (J5) series and the increase in sales of medium to large tonnage PIMMs, which are more often used by industries less infl uenced by the fi nancial turmoil such as logistics and electrical home appliances, has partially offset the decline in demand in small tonnage PIMMs. For the year under review, our medium to large tonnage PIMMs, increased by 13.9% to RMB1,377.6 million. In addition, our Mars (J5) series, the high precision and energy saving PIMMs has recorded a signifi cant increase in sales to RMB1,016.5 million for the year representing a growth of 136.3% compared to 2007. Currently, the Mars (J5) series accounted for 27.5% of our total sales for the year under review.
Besides the shrinkage in demand of capital goods hit our business, we also experienced another challenge of the pressure of the surge of raw material costs during the year. The unprecedented fl uctuation of iron and steel price has adversely affected our profi tability. With the pressure of hiking material cost, we took decisive actions towards cost optimization by raising our selling price of products by approximately 6% in 2008, improving our product mix in higher margin products (medium to large tonnage PIMMs and Mars (J5) series) and adopting certain cost saving measures to minimize the adverse impact on our fi nancial performance during the year. The gross profi t margin has decreased to 26.7% as compared to approximately 29.3% in 2007. Coupled with increase in our operating expense and effective tax rate resulting from expiry of tax holiday of a number of subsidiaries, the Group s profi t attributable to equity holders of the Company for year 2008 is RMB405.2 million, which is 28.7% less than 2007.

In 2009, this dynamic and challenging environment caused by the fi nancial tsunami will persist until the global consumer confi dence restores. In the short term, the recession of the global economy will inevitably remain disturbed in the development of industry and hamper in our sales performance in 2009. On the other hand, we noted several unfavorable factors suffering us in the fi rst half of 2008, such as hiking plastic and steel prices, appreciation of Renminbi and tightening of Chinese austerity have been dramatically swept away by this fi nancial tsunami.
The Group remains optimistic about the prospect for the PIMMs industry in the medium and long term because of its strong fundamentals. In response to the rapidly deteriorating global economy devastated by the fi nancial tsunami, the Mainland China Government embarked on a four trillion RMB stimulus package in 2008. In addition, following 1 January 2009, the effective date of the VAT reform, our customers are allowed to deduct input VAT for fi xed-asset purchases. These measures will help encourage corporate investment in equipment in the long run and drive the growth of the domestic demand of PIMMs in the future. Since it takes time for the stimulus plan to re-activate the economy with remarkable results, the market is still clouded with uncertainties. We expect our business performance this year may be worse than that of the year 2008. We believe that Mainland China s macro- economy can recover from the fi nancial turmoil at a pace faster than other countries. With approximately 60% sales in domestic market, we will be in a prime position to benefi t from its recovery.
With history of more than 40 years, the Group has navigated through the different crises over the decades such as Asian fi nancial turmoil in 1997 and the SARS crisis in 2003. The Group consistently overcame the crises and emerged even stronger. Under the current tough environment, the Group is consistently to be one of a few winners by delivering value to our customers, strengthening our presales and after-sales services, improving product mix, and increasing market share. The Group has proactively addressed the impacts of the global fi nancial tsunami by implementing stringent cost control measures, optimising production process to lower the production and logistic costs, adjusting management structure and trimming hierarchical structure to enhance management effi ciency as well as expediting product development to gear to the market demands. Having our prestigious brand, unmatched quality and price-performance ratio, self-developed core technology and effi cient production scale, we are able to create much higher value in the production process than industry peer and maintain satisfactory profi tability in this environment. The Group is confi dent that the current diffi culties can be overcome and we are well positioned to reach a new height while the future demand for PIMMs will again grow at a healthy pace.

Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thanks all staff members for their contribution in the past year and at the same time, I would also like to express our gratitude towards our shareholders, consumers, suppliers and business partners for their continued confi dence in and support to the Group.
Mr. Zhang Jingzhang Chairman of the Group 20 April 2009 