Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am delighted to report to our shareholders that Kingboard Laminates Holdings Limited ( the Company ) and its subsidiaries ( the Group ) delivered resilient results for the financial year ended 31 December 2011. Revenue of the Group grew marginally by 1% to HK$13,205.0 million. The Group faced an extremely tough operating environment during the year. Impacted by the Japanese earthquake as well as the severe flooding in Thailand during the year against a backdrop of the European sovereign debt crisis, global economy was clouded over with uncertainty. The only bright spot of growth was in the domestic China market. During the year, the Group enjoyed remarkable market share gain in China s domestic market with sales denominated in Renminbi ( RMB ) increasing by around 13% against last year to account for 47% of total revenue.
Turnover Breakdown by Product 
Glass Epoxy Laminates 
Upstream Materials including copper foil, epoxy resin, glass fabric and bleached kraft paper 
Others comprises drilling services and PVB BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) Raw material input costs and other operating expenses continued to rise during 2011. Furthermore, the Thailand flooding in the last quarter of 2011 caused serious component shortages in the electronic supply chain. Hence, both shipment volume and capacity utilization of our laminate production facilities were seriously affected in FY11 Q4 as our customers adjusted their inventory. This translated into weaker margins for the Group in the second half of 2011. Despite this downturn in market demand, the Group continued to maintain a robust balance sheet and delivered profitable results with net profit (excluding non- recurring item) decreasing 34% to HK$1,394.0 million.
The Board proposes a final dividend of HK5 cents per share subject to shareholders approval. Together with the interim dividend of HK10 cents per share paid in September 2011, this will constitute a total dividend of HK15 cents per share for the full year, representing a payout ratio of 34%.

Laminates shipment volume in the third quarter of 2011 ( FY11 Q3 ) improved against that of the previous quarter as the impact of the Japanese earthquake began to subside at the start of FY11 Q3. However, the European sovereign debt crisis showed signs of deterioration towards the end of September.
Commodity prices fell sharply as global markets anticipated a dampening effect on global economic growth. In addition, the severe flooding in Thailand in FY11 Q4 also caused significant disruption of component supply along the electronic supply chain which resulted in aggressive inventory adjustment by electronic products producers. This in turn translated into weaker demand for laminate products in the last quarter of 2011. Hence, shipment volume, capacity utilization and average selling prices of laminates fell in FY11 Q4 and resulted in weaker margins for the Group. Consolidated revenue of the Group was HK$13,205.0 million. Volume sales decreased by around 9% against the previous year with average monthly shipment of 7.88 million square meters. Despite a net increase in the average selling price of laminates against the previous year, continuous raw material and operating costs increase in 2011 as well as lower capacity utilization in FY11 Q4 impacted our margin, gross profit declined to 17% from 24% in 2011. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation ( EBITDA ) (excluding non- recurring item) decreased by 25% to HK$2,486.2 million.
Although shipment volume decreased, distribution costs increased marginally by 1% against last year owing to increases in fuel costs and other operating expenses. Administrative costs were HK$414.1 million, down 7% against previous year as a result of operational efficiency improvement as well as strict cost control. Finance costs increased by 44% as a result of higher outstanding bank borrowings during the year. Effective tax rate increased to 11.5% from 10.2% last year as PRC tax holiday for certain subsidiaries of the Group expired in the current year.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our consolidated financial and liquidity position remained robust with strong operating cash inflow. As at 31 December 2011, net current assets and current ratio of the Group were approximately HK$7,280.4 million (31 December 2010 HK$5,243.4 million) and 3.61 (31 December 2010 2.24) respectively.
The net working capital cycle shortened to 100 days as at 31 December 2011 from 140 days as at 31 December 2010 on the following key metrics: Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, decreased to 46 days. Total inventory amount decreased by 39% against last year as the Group tightened control over inventory and reclassified HK$712.7 million of copper foil inventory to other non-current assets in line with the licensing arrangement with an independent third party as announced in the announcement released by our subsidiary Kingboard Copper Foil Holdings Limited ( KBCF ) on 3 August 2011 (31 December 2010 84 
Trade receivables including amounts due from fellow subsidiaries, in terms of debtors turnover days, increased marginally to 94 days (31 December 2010 93 days).
Trade and bills payables including amounts due to fellow subsidiaries, in terms of creditors turnover days, increased to 40 days (31 December 2010 37 days).
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (continued) The Group s net gearing ratio (ratio of interest bearing borrowings net of cash and cash equivalents to total equity) decreased to 13% (31 December 2010 14%). In 2011, the Group invested HK$435.2 million in new production capacities. The ratio of bank borrowings between short term and long term stood at 16%:84% (31 December 2010: 61%:39%). About 10% of the bank borrowings was denominated in RMB and the rest in Hong Kong or US dollars.
The Group continued to adopt a prudent financial management policy including the use of interest rate swap contracts to minimise its exposure to fluctuation in interest rates. All outstanding contracts were closed during the year. Other than derivative financial instruments in connection with our daily operations as mentioned above, the Group had not entered into any other type of derivative financial instruments throughout the year of 2011. There was no material foreign exchange exposure for the Group during the year under review. The Group s revenue, mostly denominated in Hong Kong dollars, RMB and US dollars, was fairly matched with the currency requirement of operating 
As at 31 December 2011, the Group had a workforce of approximately 8,700 (31 December 2010: 8,800). In addition to offering competitive salary packages, the Group grants share options and discretionary bonuses to eligible employees based on its overall financial achievement and their individual 
Customer orders showed signs of improvement after the Chinese Lunar New Year holidays in 2012. Laminates prices also showed an uptrend as commodity prices recovered against the end of last year. Hence, shipment volume and laminates production utilization improved in February 2012. Export demand for electronic products is expected to be soft for the short term against a back drop of sluggish global economic recovery.
Management is confident of the future growth prospects of the China domestic market. With the gradual loosening of the tight monetary policies in China, we expect to see improvement in the operating environment as we progress further into 2012. On the back of China s policy push to encourage domestic consumption and continuous improvement of living standards for Chinese citizens, demand for electronic products, especially smart phones and computer related products, are expected to maintain robust growth as disposable income for Chinese consumers continues to increase. This would definitely be a positive driver for laminate demand. The Group will allocate more resources into product mix enhancement and business development in the domestic China market in order to further advance our market share.
The Group continues to invest and expand our production capacities and has successfully penetrated the thin laminates market in eastern China. Monthly production capacity at our Jiangyin laminates plant, Jiangsu province is currently about 1.68 million square meters per month. Construction work for the new Jiangmen laminate plant, Guangdong province is almost complete. The Group plans to expand the high-performance laminates production capacity of both the Jiangyin and Jiangmen laminates plants further within the current year in order to capture business opportunities for thin and high-performance laminates.

The plan to build a new glass fabric plant and a glass yarn plant in Changzhou, Jiangsu province has been postponed due to softer than expected laminate demand last year. Management will monitor the market situation closely before rescheduling the project time-table. Against the headwinds of a volatile market, management is considering certain acquisition opportunities in the industry. We are confident that leveraging on our successful vertically integrated business model, the Group will be able to achieve further market share gain through these potential 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, banks, the management and employees for their unreserved support to the Group in the past financial year.
Cheung Kwok Wa 
Hong Kong, 29 March 2012 