CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am delighted to report to our shareholders that Kingboard Laminates Holdings Limited ( the Company ) and its subsidiaries ( the Group ) delivered resilient results for the financial year ended 31 December 2012. The business operating environment was highly competitive during the year. Against the strong headwind caused by the European sovereign debt crisis and slow US economic recovery, overall demand for electronics products was soft during the year. In addition, copper prices fell against those of the previous year which caused a decline in the average selling price for laminates. The encouraging growth was in the domestic China market. During the year, the Group enjoyed a remarkable market share gain in the China domestic market. Group revenue marginally decreased by 5% to HK$12,483 million with sales denominated in Renminbi ( RMB ) sales accounting for around 50% of total revenue.
Turnover Breakdown by Product 
Glass Epoxy Laminates 
Upstream Materials including copper foil, epoxy resin, glass fabric and bleached 
@ Properties mainly including rental income derived # Others comprises drilling services and PVB BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) Although shipment volume and laminate capacity utilization improved in the second half of 2012 against first half of the year, production capacity was still not fully utilized. Rising operating costs impacted the Group s operating margin. Despite these circumstances, the Group continued to maintain a robust balance sheet and delivered profitable results with net profit down 12% to HK$1,163.9 million.
In addition, the Group acquired a commercial property 90 Fenchurch Street in London, England in October 2012. With an aggregate gross floor area ( GFA ) of 8,000 square metres, the property enjoying 100% occupancy rate, annual rental income generated from this property will be around HK$40 million. At end of 2012, the Group owned a land bank with gross floor area of approximately 1.3 million square metres located at prime locations in cities such as Kunshan and Jiangyin in China.
The Board proposes a final dividend of HK12 cents per share subject to shareholders approval. Together with the interim dividend of HK5 cents per share paid in September 2012, this will constitute a total dividend of HK17 cents per share for the full year, representing a payout ratio of 44%.

Laminates shipment volume and capacity utilization improved in 2012 against 2011, but average selling prices showed a downtrend against the previous year. Consolidated revenue of the Group was HK$12,483 million. Sales volume increased 3% against last year with average monthly shipment of 8.09 million square metres. Revenue from composite epoxy material laminates ( CEM ) and glass epoxy laminates ( FR4 ) accounted for 58% of Group turnover while paper laminates sales accounted for 20% in 2012. The balance mainly comprised sales of upstream material and others. Against a backdrop of fierce market competition in 2012, decline in copper price caused a drop in the average selling price of laminates. Furthermore, operating cost increases with under utilization of capacity during the year have impacted our margin. Gross profit margin declined to 15.4%. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation ( EBITDA ) decreased by 11% to HK$2,161.1 
Despite operating costs increases during the year, distribution cost was maintained at a similar level as last year as a result of operational efficiency improvement and strict costs control. Administrative costs were HK$419.6 million, marginally up 1% against previous year. Finance costs remained level with 2011 at around HK$94 million. Effective tax rate increased to 13.3% from 11.5% last year as PRC tax holiday for certain subsidiaries of the Group expired in the current year.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our consolidated financial and liquidity position remained robust. As at 31 December 2012, net current assets and current ratio of the Group were approximately HK$7,977.2 million (31 December 2011 HK$7,280.4 million) and 3.46 (31 December 2011 3.61) respectively.
The net working capital cycle increased to 114 days as at 31 December 2012 from 100 days as at 31 December 2011 on the following key metrics: Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, decreased to 44 days as the Group tightened control over inventory inventory value decreased by 9% against last year end (31 December 2011 46 
Trade receivables including amounts due from fellow subsidiaries, in terms of debtors turnover days, increased to 103 days (31 December 2011 94 days).
Trade and bills payables including amounts due to fellow subsidiaries, in terms of creditors turnover days decreased to 33 days (31 December 2011 40 days).
The Group s net gearing ratio (ratio of interest bearing borrowings net of cash and cash equivalents to total equity) increased to 16% (31 December 2011 13%). In 2012, the Group invested HK$544 million in new production capacities and HK$1,012 million in its property business. With an experienced professional management team and a solid business foundation with sound financial strength, the Group is confident that these investments will deliver attractive returns to shareholders in future. The ratio of bank borrowings between short term and long term stood at 30%:70% (31 December 2011: 16%:84%). The Group successfully arranged a HK$3 billion 4-year term syndicated loan in May 2012 which gives the Group additional financial strength to capture future business opportunities in the market. About 6% of the bank borrowings was denominated in RMB and the rest in Hong Kong or 
The Group continued to adopt a prudent financial management policy.
The Group had not entered into any type of derivative financial instruments throughout the year. There was no material foreign exchange exposure for the Group during the year under review. The Group s revenue, mostly denominated in Hong Kong dollars, RMB and US dollars, was fairly matched with the currency requirement of operating expenses.

As at 31 December 2012, the Group had a workforce of approximately 8,900 (31 December 2011: 8,700). In addition to offering competitive salary packages, the Group grants discretionary bonuses to eligible employees based on its overall financial achievement and their individual performance.

Customer order intake showed signs of strong momentum at the onset of 2013. Management is confident of the growth prospects of the domestic market in China. The Chinese government will continue to re-engineer domestic economic growth by encouraging urbanization with the aim of narrowing the living standard gap between rural and urban residents. Demand for electronic products, especially smart phones and high-end consumer products, is expected to maintain robust growth as the disposable income of Chinese consumers continues to rise. This would definitely be a positive driver for laminate demand. The Group will allocate more resources into business development in the domestic China market in order to further advance our 
The Group continues to invest in production capacities expansion. Currently monthly capacity of the Group has reached 10 million square metres. We will continue to invest in product mix enhancement to expand our customer base.
Construction work for the Jiangmen laminates plant, Guangdong province has been completed. The Group also plans to expand the production capacity of Jiangyin laminates plant further within the current year. In order to capture business opportunities for thin and high-performance laminates, the Group will continue to expand production capacity for thin laminates in southern and eastern China.
The Group s first residential project, Jiangyin Kingboard Yu Garden Phase I in Jiangsu Province has made good progress in its pre-sale. The project is scheduled for completion in 2014. Our key investment properties in China and London will continue to generate stable rental income stream for the 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, banks, the management and employees for their unreserved support to the Group in the past financial 
Cheung Kwok Wa 
Hong Kong, 8 March 2013 