STATEMENT FROM CHAIRMAN 
2008 was a year full of challenges for the consumer retail industry in China. This is also true for the business of the Group. First, at macroeconomic levels, the financial crisis and economic recession caused by the sub-prime crisis in the United States continue to expand and deteriorate. The economies of Hong Kong and Macau have been significantly impacted. The mainland also felt the pain, with significant slides in export and noticeable slowdowns in growth momentum. As a result disposable income and consumer confidence have been negatively affected. Second, natural disasters - snow storm, earth quake, prolonged heavy rain caused unfortunate casualties and property damages, and at the same time had negative effects on consumer retail in the affected regions.
Third, the Beijing Olympics were a great boost to the confidence of the Chinese people and their enthusiasm in sports. But at the same time the sportswear retail market experienced short term problems and difficulties because of unrealistically high expectations.
Even in such a difficult operating environment the Group still managed to achieve relatively steady growth, in line with our overall business targets formulated at the beginning of 2008. The main reasons for this achievement are on the one hand the timely and proactive actions taken by the management team and every employee, and on the other hand the competitive advantage of built-in flexibilities in our cost structure and operating model.
For the full year ended 31 December 2008 the Group recorded a growth of 53.0% in sales and 29.9% in operating profit as compared with the same period of last year. During the year there were 3,241 net additions to company-managed retail outlets, including the retail outlets acquired from Millie s, Senda and Mirabell. As at 31 December 2008, the Group s total number of company-managed retail outlets reached 9,384, of which 215 outlets are located in Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.
Looking forward, the Group will continue to strengthen the business of our core brands and achieve profitable growth. At the same time we will step up our efforts in integrating newly acquired businesses, further excavating hidden values in these new businesses and thus creating new growth drivers. I believe China is still in the starting phase of economic development and the upward medium and long term trend will not reverse itself. There will be plenty of opportunities for the Group and enough room for future growth.
With distinct advantages such as a progressive management team, healthy finances, a flexible operating model, and brand management capabilities, the Group is well positioned to achieve great success in the future.

