The coal market remained sluggish in 2013 due to the in-depth restructuring of global economy and the slowdown of China s economic growth. The downward trend of domestic thermal coal prices, attributable to multiple factors like the rapid growth of coal production capacities, the slower growth in demand and the impact of coal imports on the domestic market, increased the competitiveness of the market, heightening the operating pressure of coal enterprises. In the face of difficulties and challenges, the Company exerted itself to quicken the pace in industrial layout restructuring, deepen management improvement, take vigorous measures to cut cost and increase efficiency and reinforce the management of production safety by upholding the principle of seeking progress in stability and making development in a scientific manner, thus achieving steady production and operations and attaining new achievements in various undertakings. On behalf of the Board of the Company, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all the shareholders for their support and concern for the development of the Company over the years, and herein present the operating results of China Coal Energy for 2013.

ANNUAL REPORT 2013 9 
Chairman s Statement During 2013, the Company sustained growth momentum in the principal coal operations against the enormous market pressure by improving the coordination between production and sales. Capitalising on the advantage of safe and efficient mines, the Company organised production with a scientific approach, optimised system design and arranged the layout of mining areas in a reasonable manner, so as to improve the unit output and unit roadheading level, resulting in the production of 156.6 million tonnes of raw coal and 118.68 million tonnes of commercial coal in 2013, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.7% and 3.7%, respectively. To continuingly improve coal quality, the Company strengthened quality management and tightened the monitoring on the whole procedure of mining, washing and processing, blending and sales. By adhering to its market-oriented and customer-centred marketing philosophy, the Company optimised its coordination mechanism, improved its service quality and enhanced its market response capability, leading to the sales of 161.01 million tonnes of commercial coal, representing a year- on-year increase of 7.7%. The Company optimised its logistics planning and overall development layout, consolidated the traditional markets while expanding in the emerging markets so as to further build up a new network for coal sales.

The Company enhanced its cost control and continued to deepen lean management, achieving sound progress in cutting cost and increasing efficiency. Efforts were made by the Company to maintain competitive edge in low cost through further reducing costs in system, technology and labour, optimising system design, streamlining technique progress and tightening budget execution. The cost of coal remained stable in recent years; as a result, the compound annual growth rate of unit cost of sales of self-produced commercial coal was 3.1% from 2008 to 2013, and the unit cost of sales of self-produced commercial coal for 2013 was within the budget. The coke oven gas produced fertiliser project was successfully put into production and the overall coking operations turned profitable thanks to the optimisation of resources deployment and the improvement in asset profitability. During the reporting period, the Company achieved sales revenue of RMB82.32 billion and profit before tax of RMB6.4 billion under the scenario of sharp drop in coal prices.

Adhering to strategic guidance, the Company accelerated the construction of major projects and forged a new competitive edge on industrial layout. The construction of coal mines progressed smoothly.
Wangjialing Coal Mine passed completion acceptance and reached designed capacity in the same year; the coal mine projects including Muduchaideng, Dahaize and Xiaohuigou expedited their construction paces; Menkeqing and Hulusu Coal Mines obtained approval recently. The coal chemical projects were in rapid progress. In particular, both Mengda Methanol Project and Phase 1 of Tuke Fertiliser Project entered trial operation; Yulin Methanol and Acetic Acid Deep Processing Project was scheduled to commence the commissioning test run in 2014; the main construction of Mengda Engineering Plastics Project was in full swing; the phase 1 of Coal Deep Processing Model Project of Zhongtian Synergetic Company obtained its approval. Power generation projects achieved significant progress as well. The 2660MW, 2350MW Low Calorific Value Coal Power Generation Projects in Pingshuo Mining Area were approved to commence preliminary preparations. The ancillary engineering facilities of major projects progressed at a rapid pace.
The dedicated railway line for Hujierte Mining Area commenced full construction activities; the dedicated railway lines for Pingshuo East Open Pit Mine and Wangjialing Coal Mine were substantially completed. As the projects under construction will be completed and put into operation gradually, the industrial layout of the Company will be optimised and the risk resistance capacity will be improved. As of the end of 2013, under the PRC mining standards, the Company s coal resource reserve amounted to 19.46 billion tonnes.

10 CHINA COAL ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED 
Chairman s Statement The Company enhanced its risk awareness and optimised its capital control to ensure the stable operation. Upholding the principle of placing profitability as top priority, the Company dynamically reviewed the investment projects, optimised its investment layout and construction sequence and assured the progress of major projects to vigorously control the investment risks. The Company strengthened centralised capital management and deployment, raising the efficiency of capital utilisation and effectively reducing the capital cost. The Finance Company was formally put into operation, forging a new platform for corporate financial services. The Company strengthened its management on operating cash flow through reducing receivables and inventories and improving asset turnover. To inspire vitality of corporate management, the performance appraisal was optimised and oriented towards value creating.
By tightening its overall control on investment, financing and operating activities, the Company managed to prevent capital risks, thus enhancing the quality of operations and the capability of sustainable 
Along with the improvement in corporate management level and the rapid progress of reform and development, China Coal Energy actively assumed its social responsibility and demonstrated a sound corporate image. Through the enhancement of safety system construction, the consolidation of fundamental security and the steady improvement in production safety level, the Company achieved safety production during 2013 and set a new record in coal production safety for 32 consecutive months.
To advance the construction of a Green China Coal Energy , the Company optimised its standard system, raised the resource recovery rate and reduced energy consumption, resulting in the top ranking in the review and appraisal on energy conservation and emission reduction conducted by the relevant departments and ministries of the PRC. A number of coal mines of the Company were designated by the Ministry of Land and Resources as the pilot green mines at the state level, attributable to the increasing technology investment and the progress in the construction of ecological mines and beautiful mining areas.

The year 2013 witnessed the enormous difficulties and challenges in the coal industry. Experiencing rapid growth over the years, the coal industry in China underwent a cycle of adjustment and reform under the impact of the increasing commissioning of production capacity and the slower growth in demand.
On the back of stabilised growth, optimised structure and strengthened management, the Company sustained steady growth momentum against the backdrop of the complex and challenging environment.
Due to the sluggish recovery of world economy and the lack of stabilisation in China s economic growth, the coal industry was not out of the woods yet as the pressure of overcapacity remained high. Looking into the future, China s economy will continue to retain its upward trend in the long run, and coal will remain as one of the most important fundamental energy resources in a longer horizon. The efforts made at the state level to improve orderly competition, eliminate unreasonable taxes and fees and accelerate integration within the industry will facilitate large coal enterprises to enhance their market competitiveness. Adhering to the strategic guidance and the progress of reform and development, China Coal Energy will strive for identifying the development pattern of the industry, expediting the restructuring of industrial layout and deepening the management reform to significantly enhance its business scale and competence. A preliminary landscape has been formed through having the two growth engines in Pingshuo and Inner Mongolia-Shaanxi complementing to each other, coordinating the development of the four major businesses and pushing ahead the new layout of development through structural adjustment. Major breakthroughs in the industrial transformation will be achieved when the coal chemical projects are put into trial production consecutively after years of construction, which will lay a solid foundation for establishing an integrated energy company with global competitiveness.

ANNUAL REPORT 2013 11 
Chairman s Statement In 2014, adhering to the principal requirement of seeking progress in stability and advocating reform and innovation , we will strive to increase the production volume of coal through the organisation of efficient production, enhance coal profitability through the expansion of sales channels, accelerate project construction through the reinforcement of investment management, ensure production safety through the improvement in risk resistance, carry forward cost cutting and efficiency enhancement through the promotion of lean management and deepen the reform and innovation through the optimisation of management system. With the courage to address the difficulties as well as the confidence and determination to go against the odds, the management and the entire staff of the Company will forge through unfavorable situations concertedly and exert ourselves to realise the long-term goals of the 
