Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
The year of 2016 was a remarkable year for Chinese coal enterprises. With the effects of the policies such as
thoroughly promoting the supply-side structural reform and expediting to dissolve overcapacity of coal, the domestic
coal market initially declined and gradually picked up, while the coal price stabilised and rebounded. By closely
following market changes, the Company scientifically arranged production with focusing on quality enhancement and
efficiency improvement, and promoted reform and adjustment, thus the production and operation proceeded steadily,
and the Company successfully realised the turnaround from loss to profit. The Company achieved operating revenue of
RMB60.632 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.3%. The profit before income tax amounted to RMB3.001
billion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB6.577 billion. The profit attributable to the equity holders of
the Company was RMB1.715 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB4.982 billion. Basic earnings per
share amounted to RMB0.13, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB0.38. Against the complicated and difficult
backdrop, the Company achieved hard-won operating results, and harvested gratifying working performance, which were
dependent on various measures adopted and comprehensive strategies implemented by the senior management, solidarity
of heart and strength, and commitment of the staff, as well as strong support from all Shareholders. I would like to
extend my sincere gratitude to all Shareholders and stakeholders for their interest in and support for the Company over
2016. On behalf of the Board, I hereby present the 2016 annual report to all Shareholders.
A smooth coordination between coal production and sales was maintained by organising
production scientifically.
In 2016, facing the new challenges arising from cutting coal overcapacity and reduced production, the Company adjusted
its operation strategies, adhered to maximisation of profit and organised coal production in a scientific and orderly
manner. Since the second half of 2016, by capturing market opportunities brought by policies and overcoming difficulties
proactively, the Company optimised production continuity, vigorously stabilised and increased production through fully
capitalising on advanced capacities with production volume of commercial coal reaching 80.99 million tonnes for the
whole year of 2016. The Company continued to intensify coal quality management, optimised product mix and enhanced
product quality. The coordination between production and sales was refined with optimised marketing strategies to keep
up with the pace of market. Market expansion was vigorously conducted, and the markets along the Yangtze River and in
southwestern China as well as local sales and direct arrival markets were proactively expanded while traditional markets
were consolidated. Coal sales volume reached 132 million tonnes for the whole year of 2016, including sales volume of
self-produced commercial coal amounting to 80.67 million tonnes. The annual plan for coal production and sales volume
was fulfilled while the situation of safety production remained stable.
Coal chemical operation hit another new high level with stable production load.
During 2016, the Company made great efforts to explore the potential of the equipment and devices, focused on
safety production and long-cycle operation of coal chemical enterprises. Polyolefin devices in Yulin, Shaanxi recorded
a historically high level in respect of its monthly production. Urea devices in Tuke achieved normalised full-load
production. The methanol consumption level of polyolefin devices in China Coal Mengda achieved advanced levels at
home and abroad. The Company capitalised on centralised sales advantages of coal chemical products, implemented the
combination of proprietary and consignment transaction of urea and established the olefin brand to vigorously expand
markets. Major coal chemical products achieved full-scale production and sales with an annual output of 710,000
tonnes of polyolefin, 1.975 million tonnes of urea and 651,000 tonnes of methanol. By focusing on benchmarking and
standard attainment, deepening informatisation management, and promoting technology innovation and new product 
research and development, the Shaanxi Company was awarded the Innovation Prize of Informatisation Management
of Chinese Energy Enterprises. The Company devoted itself to boosting energy conservation technology advancement,
lowering product unit consumption and strengthening environmental protection risk control, therefore, positive effects
were achieved in energy conservation and emission reduction. Ordos Energy Chemical Company obtained the “Green
Environmental Protection Award” of Chinese corporate social responsibility for 2016.
Lean management was brought to a new height by focusing on cost reduction and efficiency
improvement.
The Company adhered to performance orientation, intensified lean management and strengthened budget execution.
The Company implemented assessment by categories, promoted differentiating management and innovated incentive
mechanism to stimulate enthusiasm and creativity of the enterprise. The Company continued to promote and strengthen
cost reduction through technology and system enhancement, enabling the unit cost of sales of self-produced commercial
coal to decrease by 8.8% year-on-year. Although raw material costs substantially increased, the production costs of major
coal chemical products were effectively controlled. The Company enhanced fund raising and financing management
to control capital chain risks. The debt scale was strictly controlled and the debt structure was optimised to reduce the
financing cost. The Company substantially reduced “trade receivables and inventories” so that operating cash net inflow
amounted to RMB12.068 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 65.7%. The debt asset ratio decreased by 3.2
percentage points and gross interest expenses declined by 10.3% year-on-year.
Major projects were steadily pushed forward by sticking to strategic guidance.
In recent years, the Company has constantly accelerated adjustment of the industrial structure, and focused on promoting
transformation and upgrade of the Company. In 2016, the replacement of production capacities of the Muduchaideng
coal mine, the Nalin River No. 2 coal mine and the Dahaize coal mine of the Company was approved by the National
Development and Reform Commission and the preliminary work proceeded in an orderly way. The polyolefin project
of China Coal Mengda was put into trial production and maintained stable operation with high load. The olefin yield
and start-up of the plant hit new records of similar facilities. A single commissioning test run of Pingshuo Inferior
Coal Comprehensive Utilisation Project was successful. The initial working faces of the Menkeqing coal mine and the
Hulusu coal mine of Zhongtian Synergetic Company were put into trial operation. The 2×660MW Low Calorific Value
Coal Power Generation Project in Pingshuo, the Project of the Second Power Plant 2×660MW located in the north of
Wucai Bay, Zhundong, Xinjiang and the 2×350MW Coal Gangue Thermal Power Project of Shanghai Energy progressed
steadily.
Increased efforts were put on reform and innovation and initial results were achieved via
leaner and healthier development.
The Company adhered to the capable and efficacious philosophy, deepened three institutional reforms on labour,
human resource and income distribution, and promoted staffs downsizing and efficiency improvement to increase
corporate vitality. The Company pushed forward the integration of business, accomplished the equity transfer of partial
non-core assets and optimised the assets structure, thereby improving the operational quality. The coal sales and railway
operation in the Ordos region were integrated, and the synergies were reinforced, so that the working efficiency was
enhanced. Proactively capitalising on national policies, the Company promoted cutting overcapacity, disposal of “zombie
enterprises”, clearance of particularly poor enterprises and governance on loss-making enterprises, and simplified the
hierarchy of management to reduce management costs. The Company streamlined construction projects by categories,
optimised the investment structure, controlled the pace of investments, and enhanced the standard of corporate operations
and risk resistance capability.
Looking back into the year of 2016, the world economic situation remained complicated and domestic economic
growth sustained slowdown. Affected by the overlapping influences of various factors such as cutting overcapacity,
downsizing production, reduction in hydropower output and coal inventory replenishment, coal price rose more than
expected in the second half of 2016, which was also a reasonable adjustment to the earlier excessively low coal price.
Overall, no radical changes were experienced in the fundamentals of the domestic coal industry; no increase was
recorded in respect of the coal demand; no change was seen in the national policy of cutting overcapacity. Looking
forward to the future, the year of 2017 is an important year for implementation of the “Thirteenth Five-Year Plan” as
well as a significant year for intensification of the supply-side structural reform. Under the new normal, the Chinese
economy will keep the fundamentals of constantly robust development unchanged, and will be expected to maintain a
medium-to-high-rate growth. With the supply-side structural reform thoroughly promoted, the motivation for innovation
and the vitality for economy will be further stimulated, which will lay a solid foundation for the stable development
of the Chinese economy. In respect of the coal industry, the measures taken by the Chinese government such as
capacity reserve, reduction replacement and quota transaction, medium-and-long-term contracts, lowest and highest
inventories, and a long-lasting mechanism for curbing exceptionally volatile coal price will effectively facilitate the
coal industry to gradually achieve long-term healthy development and coal prices will be expected to maintain in a
reasonable range. By capitalising on the opportunity of the supply-side structural reform of the Chinese government,
the Company will integrate cutting overcapacity with the structural adjustment, transformation and upgrade, vigorously
promote the development of clean and efficient utilisation of coal, devote to creating a new model of circular economy
comprising coal-electricity-chemical and strive to become a clean energy supplier with relatively strong international
competitiveness. Meanwhile, China Coal Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company, will proactively participate
in the consolidation of coal resources of the state-owned enterprise and gradually take over partial coal assets and related
businesses from the state-owned enterprise, which will push forward the synergetic development of the coal, electricity
and chemical industries of the Company.
In 2017, the Company will closely focus on the annual targets for production and operations on a market-oriented basis
and efficiency-focused approach. By sticking to the general requirement of “quality improvement amid stability with
reform and innovation”, the Company will continue to promote the structural adjustment and deepen the corporate
reform with a view to increasing the earning level. Firstly, the Company will organise production in a scientific and
reasonable manner, reinforce connection among production, transportation and marketing, and enhance the profitability
of sales to ensure that the full-year tasks for production and sales are achieved. Secondly, the Company will continue
to enhance the safety assurance ability and vigorously maintain production safety. Thirdly, the Company will focus on
comprehensive budgeting management, vigorously improve quality and efficiency, and fully increase the operational
quality. Fourthly, capturing the advantageous conditions of the current reform, the Company will continue to intensify
enterprise reform, achieve various key tasks and make itself more leaner and healthier for further stimulating its vitality.
Fifthly, the Company will speed up the construction of key projects, carry out transformation and upgrade, and build a
new industrial system. Sixthly, the Company will strengthen entrepreneurship and innovation, and constantly reinforce
the support of innovation on development. Seventhly, the Company will focus on significant risk prevention and control
to ensure the healthy development.
With favourable timing and conditions, a flagship is bound to break the waves and navigate forward; as taking heavy
burden and embarking on a long journey, an explorer shall strive to march on with solidarity and diligence. The
management and all employees of the Company will make progress amid stability with firm confidence and inspired
spirit, and solidly promote reform, development and various tasks with pioneering and innovative spirits, striving to
create a brighter future for the Company with new results of production and operation, and new effects of reform and
innovation.
Li Yanjiang
Chairman
Beijing, the PRC
22 March 2017