2009 was the most difficult year for economic development in China since entering the new century.
2009 was also a year full of challenges for the domestic coal industry where there are significant fluctuations in market demand and supply. Under the leadership of the Board, China Coal Energy actively coped with the serious impact arising from the international financial crisis. By adjusting the strategic structure and firmly implementing management reforms, we achieved satisfactory operation results despite of the market crisis. A number of the Company s operation indicators recorded historically best levels. The Company has made remarkable contributions to the national economy of China and stepped into a new development stage. During the reporting period, the revenue from operations of the Company was RMB53.187 billion, representing an increase of 2.8% over 2008. The profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB7.834 billion, representing an increase of 9.9% over 2008.
The basic earnings per Share amounted to RMB0.59, representing an increase of 9.3% over 2008.

In the past several years, China Coal Energy persisted in the philosophy of scientific development, and accelerated the development of the Company, doubling the production output of raw coal within four years. The main operation indicators for 2009 set a new record once again, with the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company and the basic earnings per Share recording a year-on-year increase of 9.9% and 9.3% respectively.

Wang An Chairman 
Chairman s Statement CHINA COAL ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED 
As a leading large-scale coal company in China, China Coal Energy adhered to the development approach of pursuance of economies of scale in production, modernization in technology and equipment, specialization of professional teams and computerization of management. In 2009, the raw coal production of the Company amounted to 108.56 million tons, representing an increase of 8.2% over 2008. The Company maintained its rapid growth rate, achieving a remarkable record by doubling the production volume within 4 years. The production volume of major mining areas of the Company has grown rapidly. Pingshuo Mining Area, known as the experiment plot for the opening-up and reform policy of China, continued to set new benchmarks for the coal industry by achieving an annual raw coal production of 87.02 million tons, which indicated its rapid progress to become a mine production base of 100 million tons.
Anjialing No.1 Underground Mine set a historically high record nationwide by having a monthly production of 1.70 million tons from fully mechanized top caving method.
The Company has always considered production safety of high importance and all of our 11 underground mines in operation recorded zero fatality during the reporting period. In 2009, the Company optimized its coal production layout, maintained a balanced production, accelerated the construction speed for projects under construction, and laid down a solid foundation for rapid growth in production volume.

While increasing coal production, the Company established the market-oriented and customer-focused operation philosophy through continuously optimizing market structure, diversifying product categories, adjusting marketing strategies, improving service quality and actively improving the sales network building. The implementation 
of plans for key economic regions was accelerated and an efficient and centralized sales system compatible with coal production was established by the Company. The Company planned in advance for coal sales by signing framework agreements with key customers for the purchase of coal for the period 2010-2014 with a total amount of 750 million tons, broadening the further growth prospect of the Company s production volume. In 2009, despite of the continuous shrinkage of coal export volume caused by the decline in international demand for coal, the volume of coal sales completed by the Company amounted to 97.25 million tons, representing an increase of 9.6% over 2008.

The Company actively implemented the resources expansion strategy by reinforcing its cooperation with local enterprises in the key coal production areas and locations with rich resources, making mergers and acquisitions as well as actively participating in the integration of local coal mines. The additional coal resources obtained by the Company amounted to 6.041 billion tons in 2009. The Company successfully acquired controlling stakes in Mengda Mining and Yihua Mining, by which top quality coal resources were obtained, and the Company s future production capacity will be increased by 14 million tons.
The local mines of Xiaohuigou Coal Mine and Mingzhu Coal Mine in Shanxi Province were successfully integrated by the Company and an additional production capacity of 5 million tons will be added after reconstruction. As at the end of the reporting period, the coal reserves owned by the Company amounted to 15.822 billion tons, of which the recoverable coal reserves amounted to 8.7 billion tons, which enabled the Company to maintain a leading position among the Chinese listed coal mining companies.

Chairman s Statement 2009 CHINA COAL ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED 
The Company made an effort to strengthen strategic management and control, to continue to implement management reforms, to improve the governance structure with scientific decisions, standardized management, efficient operation and effective balance.
During the past year, China Coal Energy formulated the development plans for the next five years scientifically, optimized the allocation of authorities and business flow processes, established an overall and multi-dimensional appraisal mechanism, adjusted the coal sales system and implemented centralized purchasing for bulk materials, so as to support the development of all business operations effectively in the aspects of strategic positioning, allocation of authorities and operation of the Company.

In 2010, recovery will be the theme for global economy.
After tackling the financial crisis with successful staged results, the economy of China is currently stable and improving. The development environment in China is better than the previous year with stronger drive for development and clear improvement in market confidence.
The PRC government has confirmed that the focus of economic development in 2010 is to maintain a stable and fast development of the economy and to facilitate the transition of development approach. The implementation of proactive fiscal policy and moderate monetary policy of China will continue in order to maintain the continuity and stability of the macroeconomic policies.
Currently, coal consuming industries such as coal-fired power generation, iron and steel, chemical industry and construction materials are growing steadily, with a rebounding trend in market demand. It is expected that in 2010, the coal production and consumption in China will maintain fast growth and the overall market demand and supply will be generally balanced, while in certain periods or some specific areas, the coal supply may be tightened and the annual demand for coal in China will probably reach 3.36 billion tons.

However, the impact of global financial crisis has not receded completely. There are still many uncertainties in economic developments which should not be overlooked by the coal industry: (1) the production capacity of local mines after integration and reconstruction will be released gradually and will further increase the market supply of coal; (2) the adjustment to taxation policies of the industry may increase the tax burden of coal enterprises; (3) the cost control pressure will increase with the expectation of rebounding CPI and PPI. China Coal Energy will be attentive to the operational difficulties and risks faced by the Company. Operational management of the Company will continue to be strengthened, risk control will be enhanced and effective measures will be adopted timely to tackle market changes in an active manner so as to strive to increase raw coal production volume by 15 million tons in 2010 and achieve further growth in our operating results.

Looking forward, China Coal Energy has established new development targets striving to achieve the aim of doubling the total amounts of economic volumes within 5 years, and the creation of higher value for Shareholders.

For the next few years, the Company has established new strategic development targets on the basis of the coal industry, the Company determined to steadily improve the coal chemical and power industries, to strengthen and refine the coal mining equipment industry, and to develop the new energy resources industry in an appropriate manner. In light of the above, an industry environment focused on the coal production industry supported by the coal chemical, power and coal mining equipment industries is proposed to be established, and Shanxi, Inner Mongolia-Shaanxi, Jiangsu, Xinjiang and Heilongjiang will become the five largest coal production and processing bases of the Company. Our 
Chairman s Statement CHINA COAL ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED 
target by the end of 2014 is to achieve 200 million tons in raw coal production, 200 million tons in sales of commercial coal, over RMB100 billion of revenue from operations and double the total amounts of economic volumes of China Coal Energy, with a view to accelerating the realization of a large-scale energy c o m p a n y e q u i p p e d w i t h i n t e r n a t i o n a l 
In order to realize the aforementioned strategic targets, the Company has laid down the lines of development for various business segments: 
Strengthen the fundamental and core position of the coal industry, increase resources acquisition efforts, accelerate the construction of five major bases, increase the scale of local resources integration and overseas resources development, improve marketing network building and enhance the comprehensive competitiveness of the coal industry.

Develop new types of coal chemical industry from a high starting point in accordance with the national industry policies, taking into consideration the characteristics of the coal chemical industry, and focus on the development of new types of coal chemicals such as coal-based olefin and coal-based natural gas, optimize the development of coking industry and develop other specific coal chemicals as appropriate.

Uphold the principles of connecting coal with power industries and the development of recycling economy with the priority on the development of power plants utilizing resources comprehensively and large-scale pit mouth power plants, and actively promote coal and power joint operations to enhance overall economic benefits and improve the risk resistance of the coal 
Develop a strong and refined coal mining equipment business by enhancing technology innovation, integrating equipment capability and extending the product value chain in order to enhance influence and leadership in the industry.

Capture the opportunities of developing new energy resources, enhancing energy conservation and emission reduction by the state to develop new energy industries in due course.

Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express sincere appreciation to all Shareholders for your long-term support and affection for the Company. Looking forward, we are of the view that the fundamental scenario of a continuous uptrend in the economic growth of China, the trend of growing demand for energy and the dominance of coal in the energy structure will continue. China Coal Energy will carry on scientific development, production safety, stable operations, positive performance of social responsibilities and enhance the capability of sustainable development continuously, as well as strive to achieve the strategic aim of doubling the total amounts of economic volumes within 5 years and the creation of new value for 
