D e a r S h a re h o l d e r s, In 2010, the Chinese government effectively coped with the impact of the international financial crisis and took proper measures to balance different targets among achieving steady and rapid economic growth, adjusting economic structure and managing inflation expectation.
Chinese economy maintained a steady and rapid growth momentum, riding on synergetic effects of strongly rebounded industrial production, robust domestic demand and rapid growth of export.
As macro-economy situation improved, the coal industry continued to develop steadily, which was evidenced by the rapid growth of production volume, new high record of coal import and periodical fluctuation of coal prices at high levels coupled with the changes of supply and demand.
The Company had made tremendous efforts to mitigate any adverse impact in relation to safety production, arranged its production scientifically, 
strengthened the interconnection among coal production, transportation and sales stage and proactively adjusted its industrial structure, which ensured rapid growth in its operation and laid a solid foundation for the Company s future 
CHINA COAL ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2010 
Chairman s Statement 
During the reporting period, the Company s raw coal production was 122.53 million tons, representing a year-on-year increase of 21.6%.
Commercial coal production was 94.38 million tons, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.2%. Commercial coal sales amounted to 117.27 million tons, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.6%. The Company recorded revenue of RMB70.303 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 32.2%. Profit before income tax of the Company amounted to RMB10.999 billion. Basic earnings per share amounted to RMB0.56.

The Company adhered to the development approach of pursuance of economies of scale in production, modernisation in equipment, specialisation of professional teams and informatisation of management , and accelerated the development of the mining base with 100 million tons production capacity, which enabled the Company to continue with its rapid growth in coal production. Taking advantage of the fully-mechanized top coal caving technique and capitalising on its overall strengths in the open pit and underground mining method, Pingshuo Mining Area produced 103.88 million tons of raw coal and became the first mining area with production capacity of 100 million tons in China adopting the open pit and underground mining method.
Pingshuo Mining Area realised the optimisation of allocation of the coal resources and the sound and efficient mining process, enhanced its capacity of safe mining, which made significant contributions to the coal industry development of China. Taking measures to optimise the mining and exploitation process and improve production efficiency, Liliu Mining Area and Datun Mining Area also achieved stable growth in raw coal production by securing 
The Company continued to improve its sales network with our headquarters as the main body, which was supplemented by the regional companies serving major energy consumption areas. The sales network enabled our sales and customer services to stay closer to the market and expanded our market presence. We strived to strengthen the logistics network development and had preliminarily built up a logistics network covering the source of coal products, loading port and destination port, which guaranteed the effective connection between the production and sales stage of coal products. In addition, we continuously optimised our market structure to actively expand markets, including building materials, metallurgy and chemical industry markets that were market-oriented with affordable prices, and to increase spot sales proportion and improve the profitability of our products. We also continued to optimise our product structure and actively participate in lump coal processing and coal blending businesses, which added value to our self-produced products. Furthermore, the Company effectively reduced its logistics cost and improved the transshipment efficiency by strengthening business cooperation with coal ports. The coal sales of the Company for 2010 increased by 20.02 million tons over 2009, with spot sales accounting for 30.1% of domestic sales of self-produced coal, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.2 percentage points.

Chairman s Statement 
While achieving satisfactory operating results, the Company further improved its sustainable development ability by accelerating the development of projects and acquisition of resources. The Company expedited its project preparation work and obtained supporting documents of approvals for some projects. The Company made steady progress in key projects including the renovation and expansion of Muduchaideng Coal Mine in Inner Mongolia and Shaqu Mine operated by Shanxi Huajin etc..
Pingshuo East Open Pit Mine will commence operation in 2011. As of the end of 2010, the Company s coal resource reserve amounted to 18.5 billion tons under the PRC mining standards.
Our coal resources will increase by 920 million tons through the acquisition and restructuring of Xiaohuigou Coal in Shanxi and Hecaogou Coal Mine in Shaanxi during the reporting period.

As a result of the Company s sustainable increase in profitability and its sound and healthy capital structure, the Company received the highest credit rating. In 2010, the Company was granted credit facilities of RMB225 billion by major domestic commercial banks, which provided adequate funds for the sustainable development of the Company.
In order to enhance the effective utilisation of funds, the Company made reasonable changes to the usage of some proceeds from A Share issuance by investing primarily in coal mine projects with higher profitability. In the future, we will accelerate the development of projects under construction to achieve quicker production and profitability, and cultivate new profit generators for the Company.

The Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee of the Company were re-elected in December 2010 and appointment of members of the Second Session of the Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee was approved at the Shareholders 
general meeting in accordance with the Articles of Association and relevant regulations. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all members of the First Session of the Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee and the management, particularly Mr. Jing Tianliang, Mr. Gao Shangquan, Mr. Peng Ru Chuan, Mr. Du Ji an, Mr. Chen Xiangshan, Mr. Li Fuyou and Mr.
Wang Yuanheng, for their efforts, wisdom and dedication for the development of the Company.
In the coming years, I will work with members of the Second Session of the Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee and the management to make further contributions to the development of the Company.

Dear shareholders, in the past five years, with the continuous improvement of macro-economy situation and under the support of relevant policies, the market reform of Chinese coal industry had witnessed significant progress, acceleration of structure adjustment, significant increase of coal production and substantial improvement of industry environment. Taking advantage of the solid development in the coal industry, the Company had achieved forward- leaping development in the past five years.
The aggregate of raw coal production volume amounted to 470 million tons with average annual increase of more than 14.48 million tons and a CAGR of 19.6%; operating revenue of the Company increased by 2.3 times, with a CAGR of 18.5%; and net profits attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by 2.2 times, with a CAGR of 17.4%. The Company focused on the development of its two major profit contributors, Pingshuo and Inner Mongolia-Shaanxi Mining Areas, aiming to coordinate the development of its five bases and 
Chairman s Statement 
CHINA COAL ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2010 11 
The year 2011 marks the beginning of the Twelfth Five Year Plan . China will continue to strengthen and improve its macroeconomic control measures to maintain a steady and healthy development of the economy, which will further increase its energy demand. In the future, the current energy structure of China with coal resources playing a major part will not undergo fundamental change and its total energy consumption volume will continue to grow. Coal chemicals will, to some extent, become an alternative to petrochemicals, which will bring new development opportunities to the coal chemical business of the Company. In addition, with the Chinese energy strategy being shifted to focus on Western China and optimising industrial allocation, there will be important strategic opportunities for Central China and Western China, which will bring benefits to the construction of the Company s new bases in these 
During the Twelfth Five Year Plan , the Company will prioritise the development of coal production as its core business. The Company will expand coal chemical and power generation-related businesses, while optimizing the coal mining equipment business. The Company will accelerate the construction of five coal production and transformation bases in Shanxi, Inner Mongolia- Shaanxi, Jiangsu, Heilongjiang and Xinjiang, to form an industrial layout with four pillar industries of coal, coal chemical, power generation, coal mining equipment, and a geographic layout of five coal production and transformation bases.
The Company will strive for substantial growth in the production volume of major products, asset size, turnover and profit by 2015, with an aim to doubling the economic volumes.

In addition to unprecedented historical opportunities, the Company is also encountering challenges for its development. Competition in the future will intensify as excessive production capacity of coal industry gradually emerges.
Cost control will be more difficult due to the increase of raw materials prices and structural rise of labor costs. Room for increase of coal price for major contracts will be limited under the inflation expectation management of the Chinese government. China Coal Energy will actively cope with all difficulties and challenges, strengthen its capability to ensure safety production, continue to improve the Company s corporate governance, increase the Company s operating results and create new value for our Shareholders.

