Chairman s Statement 
In 2014, amidst a prolonged correction phase in the world economy after the global financial crisis, developed economies other than the United States showed little signs of recovery, and the international bulk commodity market witnessed a growing imbalance between supply and demand as well as significant price fluctuations. Chinese economy entered into a gear shifting phase with the structural adjustments realising a positive change, whereas it still faced notable downward pressure and overcapacity in certain industries. Owing to the influence from the following elements, including but not limited to, the backdrop of economic growth slowdown, insufficient coal demand and the enhanced intensity in air pollution control, China s coal industry remained in a profound correction scenario. The lingering high coal inventories and declining coal prices led to larger scale of deficit of the industry. In the face of a complicated and grim operating environment, China Coal Energy took the initiative to tackle the difficulties and challenges, earnestly performed its various duties, and managed to fulfil its production and operation tasks in line with the general guidelines of seeking progress while maintaining stability and promoting innovation through reforms.

During the reporting period, the Company rationalised the continuation of production, consolidated coordination between production and sales on a market-oriented basis, and offset the adverse impact from insufficient coal demand.
To alleviate the imbalance between supply and demand of coal and stabilise coal prices, the Company and certain large coal enterprises in China voluntarily adopted production cutback in the second half of 2014. With production optimised, the Company s raw coal production volume completed for 2014 was 150 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.1%. Sticking to the principle of placing profitability as top priority, the Company enhanced coal mining, washing and processing and blending processes, strengthened coal quality management and improved product structure in order to meet differentiated needs of customers. The commercial coal production volume reached 114 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.6%. To perfect the marketing system, the Company stepped up its penetration into new markets such as central, southern and southwestern China, leading to an expanded coverage of coal sales network. To optimise customer structure, the Company actively explored metallurgical, chemical and construction materials industries in a bid to expand market share. To introduce innovative sales model, the e-commence platform was launched successfully, and the thermal coal futures business was promoted smoothly. In 2014, the Company sold 157 million tonnes of coal, of which the sales volume of self-produced coal amounted to 106 million tonnes.

The Company adhered to the established strategy to expedite industrial transformation and upgrades. During the reporting period, a number of coal chemical projects commenced production and operation. The Yulin Methanol Acetic Acid Deep Processing and Comprehensive Utilisation Project completed a successful test run in one attempt, setting several new records for investment and management of similar projects in China, and accumulatively produced 174,000 tonnes of polyolefin which was highly recognised in market since its rollout. The production load of the Mengda Coal-Based Methanol Project was increased steadily with continuous optimisations of process parameters, and accumulatively produced 450,000 of methanol and quickly built up the sales channels. The Tuke fertiliser project in Ordos accumulatively produced 828,000 tonnes of urea which was mainly sold to South America with brand influence continuously being increased. The coke oven gas produced fertiliser project in Lingshi of Shanxi completed technological upgrade and achieved long-cycle safe and stable operation, with operating performance improved significantly. These coal chemical projects of olefin, methanol and fertiliser came on stream as new growth drivers, allowing the Company to further rationalise its industrial structure and enhance the risk resistance capacity.

ANNUAL REPORT 2014 11 
Chairman s Statement During 2014, the Company continued to consolidate its low-cost competitive advantage and upgraded lean management to a new level. Technological innovations resulted in optimised production processes and lower production unit consumption, expanding the headroom for higher efficiency and lower cost. The persistence on objective management and the emphasis on budget constraint led to a substantial drop of controllable costs. Investment scale and pace were rationally controlled to greatly cut down non-production expenses. The scope of centralised procurement and consignment purchase was expanded to minimise procurement costs. Finance Company drew upon its role as a funding pool and financing vehicle, allowing the Company to increase capital efficiency and expand financing channels, thus effectively meeting the funding needs from operation and construction. Furthermore, the Company revitalised the existing assets and sped up the disposal of inefficient and ineffective assets to improve asset quality. Meanwhile, the Company strengthened control over the size of trade receivables and inventories and enhanced management on cash flows to bring operational risks under strict control. During the reporting period, the Company s unit cost of sales of self-produced commercial coal decreased by 6.6% year-on-year, and profit before tax reached RMB680 million.

The Company strengthened preliminary preparation to expedite key projects in an orderly way. New achievements were made for a series of coal, power and supporting projects. With approvals obtained, coal mines at Menkeqing in Ordos and Hulusu, Yilan No. 3 Coal Mine in Heilongjiang and dedicated railway for Hujierte Mining Area in Ordos progressed steadily. Wangjialing Mine in Shanxi completed the acceptance inspection, Huaning Mine started joint trial operation, and the main work of Xiaohuigou Mine advanced smoothly. The Company actively developed the layout of power business. Shanghai Energy Company obtained an approval for its cogeneration project, and positive progresses were made in preliminary preparation for Pingshuo low calorific value coal power generation project and Zhundong Power Plant in Xinjiang, with approvals expected to obtain in the near future. Coal chemical projects under construction developed smoothly. Mengda Engineering Plastics Project in Ordos and Pingshuo Inferior Coal Comprehensive Utilisation Project in Shanxi will be set to commission test run in the fourth quarter of 2015.

As China s economy has entered a new normal with a shift of economy development mode from the scale and speed-oriented extensive growth model to the quality and efficiency-based intensive model, and a shift of the economic structure from the previous bias to volume and capacity expansion to a mode of streamlining the existing capacity and optimising the additions.
The coal industry needs to ford through a period characterised by slower demand growth, de-capacity and de-stocking, stricter environmental constraints, key challenges in transformation and restructuring, and compliance in laws and regulations. On the other hand, resources tax levied on the ad valorem basis has come into effect, and the change from administrative fees into tax is steadily promoted across China, which can mitigate the cost pressure of coal enterprises to some extent. The initiatives, including nationwide supervision on illegal construction and over-capacity production of coal mines, gradual elimination of backward production capacity, strict implementation of commercial coal quality management regulations, reduction of coal export tariffs, intensification of industry self-discipline, and voluntary production cutback of key coal enterprises, will bring positive impact on the alleviation of the imbalance between domestic supply and demand and the reasonable recovery of the coal prices. China s coal industry is and will be in a critical period for its restructuring, transformation and upgrades, with new opportunities ahead and grim challenges as well.

12 CHINA COAL ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED 
Chairman s Statement The year of 2015 is the final year for our Twelfth Five-year Plan . We will focus on production stabilisation, structure adjustment, sales expansion, quality enhancement and efficiency improvement to improve our operation and management adhering to the overarching principle of forging through unfavourable conditions and progressing while maintaining stability. We will rationally arrange the coal production on a demand-oriented basis, accelerate test run of the coal chemical projects under construction while stabilising and increasing production load of the projects in operation, enhance innovations in the mining equipment manufacturing segment to release its production capacity of equipment manufacturing, integrate the coal marketing system and accelerate the establishment in logistics network to continuously innovate sales models, establish a centralised marketing system for coal chemical products to improve the pricing mechanism, strengthen cost control and capital management with strict control over non-production expenses, rationalise investment scale and paces to speed up the construction of key projects steadily, promote the establishment of safety-assured enterprise thoroughly and strengthen the safety responsibility to improve the long-term mechanism for safety production, and implement the innovation-driven strategy to create technological innovation-based competitiveness for reducing costs technically and supporting our transformation and upgrades.

Whilst the new cycle brings new challenges, the new normal also presents new opportunities. Addressing the extended recession in coal market, the management and all staff will adhere to the established strategy with keen risk awareness and an unchanged confidence. We will strive to seize opportunities, overcome the difficulties, improve our business performance, realize sustainable development, and create new value for Shareholders.

