I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all of you for your long-term interest in and support for China Coal Energy. On behalf of the Board, I hereby present the 2015 annual report to all Shareholders.

The year of 2015 was a very difficult year for Chinese coal industry. Amidst a complex world economic situation, a significant decline in the international energy prices and continuous slowdown of domestic economic growth, the supply and demand situation in the coal market suffered a serious imbalance and the loss of coal industry continued to increase. Under the unprecedented pressure of operation management, the Company took a series of vigorous steps to maintain stable production operation and eliminate fatal accidents in relation to production safety so as to realise safety production. However, due to the influences from the following factors, including but not limited to, the significant decline in the price of products such as coal, the Company incurred a loss for the first time since its listing and we hereby apologise for it.

During 2015, domestic coal prices continued to fall and the Company s operating revenue from coal operations declined significantly, resulting in an operating loss of the Company. The Bohai-Rim Steam-Coal Price Index continued to fall by more than RMB150tonne to RMB370tonne as compared with the beginning of 2015, representing a decrease of 30%. The composite selling prices of the Company s self-produced thermal coal and coking coal recorded a year- on-year decrease of RMB74tonne and RMB124tonne respectively, which severely constrained coal production and sales. Witnessing the severe situation, the Company timely adjusted its operation strategies, optimised production scheduling and adopted an efficiency-oriented approach to cutback and limit production voluntarily, focused on coal quality management, strengthened coal blending process and improved commercial coal quality, adjusted marketing strategies and vigorously explored new markets to strengthen market development in central and southwestern China and stabilise its sales channels. Meanwhile, through measures such as intensifying cost reduction at the source end, lowering production unit consumption, controlling labour cost, downsizing the outsourcing team and strengthening to repair the obsolete and utilize the waste, the Company focused on cost control during coal production and the Company s unit cost of sales of commercial coal decreased by 6.6% year-on-year. Under the scenario of decline in coal price and production cutback in 2015 which led to a decrease of RMB7.5 billion of profit, the Company made concerted effort to exploit potentials so as to increase profit of more than RMB5 billion, effectively alleviating the momentum of increasing loss of 
Following the successful production of projects such as Yulin Olefin, Tuke Fertiliser and Mengda Methanol, coal chemical operations have become a new profit growth driver of the Company. During 2015, the Company focused on equipment maintenance and operation management of coal chemical operations, actively eliminated defects and explored potentials, and raised production load to put into full and sound operation safely and stably in a long run. The production volume of coal chemical products increased substantially with an annual output of 683,000 tonnes of olefin, 1.963 million tonnes of urea and 786,000 tonnes of methanol and the major production indicators attained an advanced level in the industry. The Company has improved the mechanism for coal chemical management to achieve centralised sales of chemical products, create brand effect and vigorously explore the international and domestic market. Due to the decline in price of chemical products, the Company s profit before tax from newly launched coal chemical projects at the Inner Mongolia-Shaanxi base reached RMB1.52 billion, reflecting the impacts of adjustment of industrial structure.

ANNUAL REPORT 2015 11 
Chairman s Statement The Company constantly strengthened its internal management to enhance the standard of corporate operations and risk resistance capability. By way of comprehensive budgeting, the Company focused on lean management to improve its budget execution capability. To improve the construction of the system and mechanism, the Company promoted the integration of business and expedited governance on loss-suffering enterprises. The Company continued to deepen three reforms on labour, human resource and income distribution, streamline management and auxiliary structures and cut down total labour costs. Also, the Company actively revitalised the existing assets to enhance the profitability of assets. Furthermore, the Company strengthened the centralised procurement and enhanced effort to repair the obsolete and utilise the waste to lower the procurement and consumption costs. To retune the investment progress, the Company controlled its investing scale and brought investing risks under strict control. The Company also expanded its financing channel and optimized the financing structure to fully ensure capital needs for key projects. During 2015, through expediting the collection of trade receivables, reducing the scale of inventories, enhancing the management of capital centralisation and achieving substantial growth in the operating cash net inflow, the Company maintained its ordered production and operation.

Up till now, as China s economy has entered a new normal, coal enterprises should also adapt to and integrate into the new normal. During the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan , the annual growth rate of gross domestic product will be maintained at above 6.5%. Following the development of the utilisation pattern and area of coal, the position of coal as the primary energy source in China will remain unchanged and the demand for coal will be kept in a large scale.
The Chinese government is speeding up the supply-side structural reform so as to proactively dissolve overcapacity of coal, to eliminate backward production capacity, to exit around 0.5 billion tonnes of production capacity, to reduce and reorganise around 0.5 billion tonnes through 3 to 5 years. The central government is setting up the dedicated reward and compensation funds for industrial structure adjustment so as to dissolve overcapacity of the coal industry, resettle personnel in the process of dealing with the zombie companies. Meanwhile the central government is increasing support of financial and tax policies so as to strive to actively promote the basic balance between supply and demand in coal market, optimise the industry structure, achieve substantial progress in transformation and upgrade and facilitate the development of coal enterprises to shake off dilemma. From the internal perspective, the Company has achieved sound progress in the adjustment of industrial structure with the new coal chemical projects such as Yulin Olefin, Tuke Fertiliser and Mengda Methanol operating in a long-term and stable way. The production efficiency has been enhanced steadily while the economic benefit has been gradually reflected. Mengda Engineering Plastics Project and Pingshuo Inferior Coal Comprehensive Utilisation Project have proceeded in an orderly way and will strive to perform test run within the year of 2016. Pingshuo 2 660MW and 2 350MW low calorific value coal power generation projects, Datun 2 350MW Thermal Power Project and the Project of the Second Power Plant 2 660MW located in the north of Wucai Bay, Zhundong, Xinjiang have commenced full-scale construction, aiming to commerce trial operation in 2017. For the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan , the Company will vigorously promote the development of clean and efficient utilisation of coal, devoting to create a new model of circular economy including coal-electricity-chemical and striving to become a clean energy supplier with relatively strong international competitiveness.

12 CHINA COAL ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED 
Chairman s Statement The year of 2016 is the beginning of the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan and it will also be a crucial period for China Coal Energy to make up the deficit and shake off the dilemma. The Company will closely focus on the annual targets for production and operations on a market-oriented basis and efficiency-focused approach, highlighting cutting overcapacity, destocking, deleveraging, reducing cost and remedying the weakness so as to make efforts to mitigate the losses, strive for making up the deficit and achieve significant results. Firstly, the Company will optimise coal production with scientific mining to enhance coal blending. Secondly, the Company will continue to improve the operating standard of coal chemical projects by reducing production consumption and enhancing the product effectiveness. Thirdly, the Company will strengthen market development by enhancing marketing management and ensuring consolidated coordination between production and sales. Fourthly, the Company will focus on comprehensive budgeting management to intensify cost reduction from the source end, management and all staffs, expanding the headroom for higher efficiency and lower cost. Fifthly, the Company will continue to promote internal reform and strengthen corporate control to further stimulate the operating ability of the enterprise. Sixthly, the Company will speed up the construction of key projects, carry out structural transformation and upgrade and build a new industrial system. After suffering hardships, greatness can finally be achieved . Going through the difficulties and endurance, motivation and vitality for the development of the Company will be stimulated. The management and all employees of the Company will meet the challenges with confidence and determination and overcome difficulties with courage and strength. We will exert every effort to accomplish various tasks, with an aim to achieve the sustainable and healthy development of 
