In 2011, the profound impact of the international financial crisis lingered through the year and the Eurozone sovereign debt crisis had been escalating and deteriorating. The issue of slowing growth in emerging economies intertwined with the rise of commodity prices. Despite volatile global affairs and new dynamics and problems concerning the domestic economy, the Chinese economy maintained a stable and moderately fast growth. Influenced by macroeconomics, the coal industry of China had been operating stably. Total supply kept increasing and net import maintained a double-digit growth. An overall balance between demand and supply was achieved.
Overall speaking, the market can be characterised by robust prices in the low season and low prices in the high season. China Coal Energy adhered to the principle of scientific development and strived to execute the Twelfth Five-Year Plan comprehensively, which got off to a good start as the Company had already achieved numerous successes in various aspects, including speeding up the adjustment in structural layout of the Company, strengthening innovations in management and enjoying a sustained, rapid growth in production and operations. On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to report the Company s operating results for 2011 to Shareholders.

Chairman s Statement 
CHINA COAL ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2011 9 
During the reporting period, the coal production enterprises of the Company strengthened production organisation, enhanced production efficiency and improved product quality, achieving an overall completion of different tasks in reform, development, production and operation. The production volume of commercial coal surpassed 100 million tonnes for the first time with double-digit growth maintained in terms of revenue, profit, and earnings per share.
Each of the key performance indicators once again hit record high since listing. The Company s raw coal production volume for 2011 was 129.16 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.4%.
The production volume of commercial coal reached 102.79 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.9%. The raw coal production volume of Pingshuo Mining Area, which had previously achieved a coal production volume of 100 million tonnes, reached another historical high of 109.21 million tonnes for 2011. Persistently focusing on efficiency maximisation, the Company continued to strengthen the coordination among production, transportation and sales, increased the procurement of resources from external channels and secured more railway capacity, while at the same time expanded the scale of front-end transshipment and distribution. The sales volume of commercial coal for 2011 was 134.7 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.9%. Spot sales accounted for 47.9% of domestic sales of self-produced coal, representing a year-on- year increase of 17.8 percentage points. The Company recorded revenue of RMB87.773 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.8%. Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB9.802 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 31.3%. Basic earnings per share was RMB0.74, representing a year- on-year increase of 32.1%. Following the enshrined principle of pursuing a safe, human-oriented development, the Company, with a fatality rate of 0.008 per million tonnes of raw coal production, maintained its international advanced standards.

In 2011, the Company took the initiative to execute the targets set out in the Twelfth Five-Year Plan , making new progress on the preliminary preparations of certain major projects as the infrastructure projects advanced smoothly. In the Shanxi Base, the construction of Pingshuo East Open Pit Mine was expedited, both open pit mining and on-load test of the coal preparation plant were carried out in September and 2 million tonnes of raw coal was produced for 2011. Construction of Wangjialing Coal Mine was resumed and Xiaohuigou Coal Mine was granted state approval. The industry chain of coking enterprises was extended and the Company entered into share purchase agreements to acquire the equity interest in Jinchang Coal Mine and Yushuo Coal Mine, further increasing our capability to secure resources. In the Inner Mongolia-Shaanxi Mining Base, the Company secured absolute control over the Shalajida Coal Field at Hujierte Mining Area, increasing premium coal resources by 1.66 billion tonnes and shoring up the Company s dominant position in the development of that mining area. The preliminary construction works for coal mines including Muduchaideng Coal Mine and Nalin River No. 2 Coal Mine Projects proceeded smoothly. The restructuring of Hecaogou Coal Mine was speeded up under a general contracting arrangement and Hecaogou Coal Mine is expected to commence operation in the first half of 2012.
In Xinjiang and Heilongjiang Mining Bases, the preparation works of Weizigou and No. 10 Coal Mine in Hami Dananhu advanced smoothly, and the deep coal resources of Yilan Coal Mine No. 3 were secured.
As of the end of 2011, under the PRC mining standards, the Company s coal resource reserve amounted to 19.64 billion tonnes, further improving the Company s sustainable development abilities.

Chairman s Statement 
10 CHINA COAL ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2011 
In 2011, the Company completed the shareholding adjustment and split of Huajin Company, streamlining the relationship of management responsibilities of Wanjialing Coal Mine. The Company also actively promoted coal and power joint operations with large electricity enterprises, including the co-development of 2600 MW power generation project with Datang Corporation and the cooperation with China Power International in the development of 2600 MW power generation project, of which relevant companies have been established and preparation works have started.
The Company successfully issued RMB15 billion medium-term notes, which was the largest issuance of medium-term notes by a Chinese enterprise in 2011.
With financing cost being RMB700 million less than the finance costs of the current five-year term bank loan, the aforementioned issuance provided a solid capital support for the operations and development of the Company.

In 2011, the Company proactively pursued new strategies on technological innovations and continuously enhanced independent innovation capabilities. The Company formulated strategies to execute technological development and intellectual property planning during the Twelfth Five-Year Plan .
The Company also established China Coal Technology Research Institute and China Coal Chemical Industry Research Institute, built strategic close alliance with China Coal Technology & Engineering Group Corporation on technological innovations, forming a technological research and development system which was independent, open and integrated. The Company focused on the development of key operations and the construction of coal production bases, organising and implementing 50 major technological projects.
Automatic integrated equipment for thin coal seams was successfully put to test in underground mining, while projects such as exploration of coal and geological structure and established National Resources Coal Mine Excavation Equipment Research 
and Development (Experiment) Centre achieved significant progress. The Company was awarded with 1 national technological improvement award, 18 provincial and ministerial technological improvement awards and registered 168 patents, representing a rapid year-on-year increase. The Company strived to develop Green China Coal and established the conceptual direction and strategic position of green development for the Company. The Company maintained leading position in the industry in terms of major energy conservation and emission reduction indicators. The development of a recycling economy in Pingshuo Mining Area was rated as an outstanding practice of corporate social responsibility by a state- owned enterprise in 2011.

In 2012, the dynamics of both international and domestic affairs are becoming more complicated.
The recovery of the U.S., Japan and the Eurozone economies have been lackluster while the growth in emerging economies are showing clear signs of slowdown. Coupled with the significant increase in volatility of financial markets in some countries, a slump in global demand and a more intensified market competition, the global economy is heading towards a period of downturn. Coupled with rising prices, the downward trend in domestic economic growth aggravated most industries problem of having a surplus production capacity, and contributed to a lack of ability to innovate in most industries as well as a rapid increase of operating costs. Regarding the coal industry, coal production capacity have been expanding quickly and has now entered a phase of concentrated release. The rate of increase for coal demand has appeared to slow down, in contrast with a sustained high level of coal import and increasing capabilities in coal supply. With logistical bottlenecks causing an under-utilisation of some of the industry s production capacity, it is expected that the demand and supply of coal will basically maintain a balance, 
Chairman s Statement 
CHINA COAL ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2011 11 
although there may be cases of coal oversupply in some areas, and during certain periods. The sentiment of the coal industry, though expected to remain positive, is on a downward trend, and the operating pressure facing coal enterprises will see a marked increase. At the same time, we believe that the development of China is still at a time where vital strategic opportunities may yet arise for the industry.
The investment projects of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan are in a phase of intense construction in 2012, and the central government s proactive fiscal policy shall boost domestic demand. These factors shall be conducive to a continuous, steady and healthy growth of the coal industry. As the central government encourages the construction of large coal production bases as well as construction projects by large enterprises, together with substantial support from local governments, the external environment shall be favourable to the Company s development.

China Coal Energy is determined to face any difficulties or challenges through proactively leveraging on government policies and market dynamics. Through focused efforts on effective production management, the Company shall aim to attain over 5% increase of raw coal production in 2012; through focused efforts on effectively coordinating production, transportation and sales, the Company shall strive to capture a greater market share; through focused efforts on the preliminary works for projects, the Company shall aim to have projects executed as planned; through focused 
efforts on management of construction projects, the Company shall aim to expedite the commencement of operations and shorten the time needed for operations to be on track and generate profits; through focused efforts on production safety, the Company shall aim to eradicate major and serious accidents; through focused efforts on the sound management of the Company s fundamentals, the Company shall aim to improve quality and efficiency of the Company s operations; through focused efforts on technological innovations, the Company shall aim to enhance the drive for innovation within the Company. While still placing great importance on safety and striving to enhance technology, increase production, lower cost, secure more railway capacity and maintain financing capabilities, the Company will put greater emphasis on long-term planning by keeping a close watch on preliminary works, expediting the completion of construction projects, building a solid foundation, nurturing a competent team, pooling talents and developing a sound corporate culture. The Company shall unceasingly pursue the enhancement of both corporate governance and the operating results in its unyielding efforts to create more value for the Company s Shareholders.

