The global economy in 2012 remained in the doldrums, witnessing sluggish recoveries of the developed economies and a pervasive slowdown in emerging markets coupled with noticeably declined international trade growths and volatilities in international financial markets. Addressing the increasingly challenging international economic environment, the Chinese government adhered to the keynote of Seeking Progress in Stability to expedite the economic restructuring and stabilising national economy with steady economic and social progresses. The balance between domestic coal 
supply and demand was changed due to a range of factors such as the drop in international coal prices and a slower growth in coal demand together with the slowing domestic economic momentum, resulting in the plummeting spot coal prices and relatively great challenges to coal enterprises. Proactively responding to the market impacts, China Coal Energy strived to expand its production and sales while stepping up the restructuring with a focus on lowering the cost and increasing the efficiency, and achieved desirable 
Chairman s Statement 
ANNUAL REPORT 2012 
During the reporting period, the coal subsidiaries under the Company tapped on the strengths in the economies of scale and integrated production, which has overcome the difficulties in complex geological conditions of coal mining areas, demanding coordination between mining exploration and mining stripping operations and the increasing challenge in the sales market. Efforts were made in optimising the mining scheme, strengthening production management for higher unit output and unit roadheading level, refining coal washing process and product mix and enhancing coal quality management. As a result, 145.37 million tonnes of raw coal and 114.4 million tonnes of commercial coal were produced in the 2012, representing a year-on- year growth of 11.3% and 9.7% respectively. To carry forward its environment, quality and responsibility endeavours, the Company commenced in detail the three-year programme of implementing the accountability system for the responsible unit to create a safety-assured enterprise , focusing on fundamental security and strengthening on-site management to push ahead with safety activities. The Company s major coal mines in operation reached the safety and quality standards, more than 60% of which were named the National Safety and Quality Standardised Coal Mines , demonstrating the stability of production safety of the Company.
Capitalising on its strengths in integrated sales and collaboration, the Company took initiatives to build up the integrated marketing network and improved the coal sales management system constantly for centralising the business, standardising the management and high efficiency in operation.
Flexible marketing strategies were adopted on the market-oriented and customer-centred basis, while the coordination between production and sales was improved to strive to increase the railway transportation capability and improve the customer services, leading to another record high of coal sales.
Coal sales volume for the year reached 149.54 million 
tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.9%.
The Company achieved coal transportation of 92.70 million tonnes through railways, further improving the product profitability. Responding actively to market changes, the Company secured long-term major customers while increasing the spot coal sales timely. Spot sales of the self-produced coal accounted for 52.5%, representing an increase of 4.1 percentage 
Leveraging on comprehensive budget management, the Company detailed out the cost responsibilities of objectives and strengthened the refined management, forging ahead the cost-efficiency campaign for continuous management improvements.
By improving production process, optimising system design and lifting equipment capacity, the Company strived to increase production efficiency and reduce production costs. Stringent controls were exercised on non-productive expenses with strict assessment. The unit cost of sales of self- produced commercial coal for 2012 was RMB332.82 per tonne, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.9%. The revenue amounted to RMB87.292 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.9%. Due to the plummeting spot coal prices, profit before tax amounted to RMB12.789 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 10.7%. Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB8.842 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 11.2%. Basic earnings per share was RMB0.67, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB0.08.
The Company pushed forth preliminary preparation of projects to speed up the construction of major projects. The new bases were in rapid progress of construction and the newly completed coal mines commenced production consecutively. Pingshuo East Open Pit Mine which produced 7.63 million tonnes of raw coal in 2012, will be expected to produce 12 million tonnes of raw coal in 2013. Wangjialing Coal Mine will be completed and commence operation in 2013, increasing coal production capacity by 6 million 
Chairman s Statement 
10 CHINA COAL ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED 
tonnes per year. Xiaohuigou Coal Mine which has been granted the mining permit, shall be expected to commence construction in 2013. The coal mine projects in Inner Mongolia-Shaanxi were proceeding smoothly. The preliminary preparations for projects were well implemented. Shalajida Coal Mine in Ordos, Yilan Coal Mine No. 3 in Heilongjiang and the 2x350MW power plant of Shanghai Energy Company obtained governmental approvals on preliminary preparations.
The coal conversion projects were in rapid progress.
The coke oven gas produced fertiliser project in Lingshi of Shanxi successfully completed the commissioning test run at the end of 2012. The Phase 1 of Ordos Tuke Fertiliser Project completed the installation of major equipment, and will be undergoing commissioning test run by the end of 2013. The Pingshuo Inferior Coal Comprehensive Utilisation Project commenced construction. Through the successful acquisition of Yuquan Coal Mine in Yangquan, Shanxi province, the Company acquired 43 million tonnes of coal resources.
As at the end of 2012, the Company had coal resources reserve of 19.51 billion tonnes in accordance with the mining standards of the PRC.
To actively forge a financial platform for its industrial development, the Company speeded up the establishment of the Finance Company. The relevant application materials have been submitted to China Banking Regulatory Committee for approval, and the Finance Company shall be expected to be established in 2013. The Company completed the quota registration for the second tranche of RMB15 billion medium-term notes and the issuance of the first installment of medium-term notes of RMB5 billion, leveraging on long-term financing at low costs to ensure the funding needs for development.
Investment projects were streamlined according to market changes in a well-paced manner, thus reducing investment risks with less investment costs.
Under a retrenchment strategy for coking projects, 
accumulated backward coking capacity of 1,300,000 tonnes was eliminated, which effectively reduced the loss from coking business. The equity acquisitions of Tang Shan Gou Company and Sales and Transportation Company were completed, introducing new growth drivers to the Company.
The Company pressed forward its innovation- driven endeavours and heightened the supporting and guiding role of technologies. Implementing its integrated and leading technological innovation strategy, the Company undertook 17 projects and tasks of the national important science and technology programmes and carried out 43 corporate major technological projects. Through the co-establishment of a state-level collaborative innovation centre with China University of Mining and Technology, the cooperation with production and academic and research institutions was further improved in terms of extent and quality.
The Company obtained 1 national technological improvement award, 14 provincial or ministry- level technological improvement awards and 186 patents, demonstrating a further improvement in its technological innovation capability. To advance the construction of a Green China Coal under a well-established framework, the Company formulated the green standards and appraisal systems for its coal and coal mining equipment businesses. The subsidiaries were honoured with a number of awards including China Baosteel Environmental Friendly Prize , National Pioneering Group of Energy Saving and National Outstanding Unit of Recycling Economy .
Looking into 2013, amidst the mixed and volatile global economic situation, the slow-growth pattern will continue as the world economy has steered into an in-depth correction cycle from the pre-crisis fast growth. China is at an important strategic phase for advancing its industrialisation, 
Chairman s Statement 
ANNUAL REPORT 2012 11 
informatisation, urbanisation and agricultural modernisation, and shall be expected to maintain a sound economic momentum to fuel the growing coal demand. However, due to the impact from the severe and complicated situation domestically and internationally, the instabilities and uncertainties in the economic operation will exert a notable influence on the coal industry. The Company envisages that the domestic coal supply and demand in China will maintain a slow growth in 2013 with a relatively less tight supply and demand. Chinese government will continue to strengthen energy security by encouraging the construction of large-scale coal bases and conglomerates, which are favourable for coal industrial upgrading and faster development of large-scale coal enterprises.
In 2013, China Coal Energy will follow its development strategy to speed up the industrial layout and restructuring. The Company will leverage on its resource concentration pattern so as to create new edge by formulating scientific landscape, leverage on its pattern of in industrial agglomeration so as to create new edge from economies of scale, leverage on its pattern of industrial cycle so as to create new edge from transformation and upgrading, leverage on its pattern of industrial value chain so as to create new edge in operation of synergy, leverage on its pattern of integrated innovation so as to create new edge in industrial technologies. Focusing on its annual production and operation targets, the Company will organise coal production in a scientific manner, enhance the coordination among production, transportation and sales, continue to improve its safety 
assurance ability, strengthen cost control and speed up the construction of projects. Industrial reform and management enhancements will be pressed ahead, striving to increase its raw coal production at above 5% in 2013 and control the year-on-year increase of the unit sales costs of self-produced commercial coal at no more than 5% and create new values for our 
