this year has been marked by some of the toughest trading conditions the Company has encountered since the credit crisis. And yet despite various headwinds around the globe, we have again managed to achieve a sixth consecutive year of double digit constant currency net sales growth. For the year ended December 31, 2015, our turnover reached US$2.4 billion, up 3.5j.
This year has been marked by some of the toughest trading conditions the Company has encountered since the credit crisis. And yet despite various headwinds around the globe, we have again managed to achieve a sixth consecutive year of double- digit constant currency net sales growth. For the year ended December 31, 2015, our turnover reached US$2.4 billion, up 3.5%, after a very substantial negative currency translation impact of US$198.2 million. The same pattern was repeated in respect of Adjusted EBITDA, our key profitability measure: an increase of 12.6% on a constant currency basis was whittled down to 4.4%, to US$401.2 million, after negative currency translation effects. It is normal for different currencies to move up and down against the US Dollar. However in 2015, expectations of interest rate changes and a flight to safety made for a strengthening US Dollar against the overwhelming majority of major currencies. The strong US Dollar has an impact beyond translation: input prices from China are pushed up (notwithstanding a limited devaluation of the RMB), although we do have the ability to adjust our own prices over time; another effect is a shift in spending patterns: outlet stores in U.S. gateway cities popular with tourists saw declining sales. Hong Kong became expensive relative to other destinations, whereas Europe, Japan and South Korea have all seen growth in visits from the increasingly numerous Chinese tourists. It is often noted in the Company that there is a Samsonite store waiting somewhere in the world for our customers, and this is true.
The other two significant developments of 2015 were firstly, the gear change in Chinese growth, and secondly, the relentless advance of e-commerce. It is undoubtedly the case that the days of 20-30% growth in China are over. However, we are confident that a shift in our channel strategy, the growth of our non-travel product offering and extending our coverage of the value market will support our net sales growth in China around double digits, consistent with our overall aim of maintaining double-digit net sales growth for the Group as a whole. Secondly, e-commerce is rewriting the rules of the marketplace, but we are learning fast how to reap the benefits from this channel and how to manage relationships with the 
The fact that we have achieved these creditable results against a backdrop of fundamental challenges is in my view a vindication of our overall strategy. I am sure regular readers of our reports need no reminding, but it is worth reiterating our strategy and to set it in the context of the market.
First of all, as Ramesh notes in his report, the prospects for the travel industry remain healthy and ahead of global GDP growth overall. We believe that we can become effective sector specialists by offering a range of different brands covering the whole range of travel lifestyle products. We have seen though, that scale on its own is not the source of success in our business, and I suspect, in many others. In some respects, our size does allow us to achieve economies of scale in our back office, logistics and sourcing. However, to cater effectively to our customers, we need to adapt our product ranges to local tastes and shopping habits. Hence, we operate a devolved model of management control that places responsibility for business development fairly and squarely on the shoulders of the country manager.
In some ways, we are trying to operate a large company in a small company, entrepreneurial kind of way. This requires a degree of trust and partnership that has been developed over time and a style of management at the top which is deeply engaged with what is happening in the market place. What I have found greatly encouraging is the ability of this model to adapt to a broader stable of brands, without losing focus on the core brand that makes up the majority of our sales.
This has not inhibited what I have referred to before as our empirical approach that consists of accelerating successful initiatives and retreating fast from things that don t work. To run things in this way, you need a self-confident management team that acknowledges failures when they happen, and is always seeking out new strategic solutions to the problems of the marketplace.
Another key element of our strategy which we have consistently followed is to make acquisitions that are a complementary fit in terms of market positioning, product range or distribution. In this regard, and although it comes after the end of the year, I am pleased to report on a major development: we have reached agreement, subject to shareholder and regulatory approval, to acquire Tumi , the premium business travel goods and accessories brand. This is a genuinely transformative acquisition for Samsonite. While this report is not the place to go into the economics, it is worth noting that Tumi is a perfect complement for our business: its strengths are in areas where we want to establish a position or improve our position - namely, the premium sector, and business products for men and especially for women. Conversely, opportunities for Tumi are directly related to our strengths, in particular hard-side luggage and penetration of markets outside the U.S. In addition, Tumi is on quite a different scale from our other acquisitions and will materially change the size of our business. We believe we are buying a strong, profitable and well-run business, with considerable flair and success behind it in the American market. These are exciting times indeed. We are fully confident of assimilating Tumi s operations later in this year, 2016, when the transaction is expected to close, and taking full advantage of the many new strategic directions that will open up for our business.
Now is perhaps a good time to mention some of the foundations that are being laid for the future, in spite of the macro headwinds to which I have already alluded. We have covered some of the hardest miles of establishing the American Tourister brand in Europe and expect to build on the momentum in the coming years. The Samsonite Red casual sub-brand continues to make progress outside its home country of South Korea, in particular in China. Our completely renovated product line of Hartmann is now taking shape, and we will see the benefits come through, particularly in our Asian markets. Although currently limited in scale, we are seeing great potential in the Lipault and Gregory brands. Speck has an exciting range of products, and we have tightened up the business operationally, with a resulting improvement in profitability. The newly strengthened team in Latin America is making great strides: the key markets of Chile and Mexico are performing well, and we are confident that although Brazil has been a tough market this year, we now have a sustainable formula for its profitable growth in the future. Another important development is the extension of our own manufacturing capacity in Europe: Made in Europe is important to many of our customers, especially in Asia, and we believe that this will create a source of competitive advantage over the medium term as well as provide some hedge against adverse currency movements.
As Ramesh notes in his report, we have throttled back slightly this year on marketing spend. This was inevitable in the face of overwhelming currency forces. However, given more normal market conditions, it is our intention to increase marketing investment as a percentage of net sales over the medium term. Investment behind our brands has been a key driver of our success and we intend to push even harder in this area. I can also assure shareholders that our product ranges have never been in better shape. Across all categories, there is no shortage of creativity and innovation. But this is not enough on its own, which is why the investment in marketing is so important. Another component of our strategy is to increase our investment in the direct-to-consumer channel. I have already described the rapid growth of e-commerce. Our two recent retail acquisitions in Europe, Rolling Luggage and Chic Accent, are already benefiting from a more intensive mix of our branded products, and we will continue to look for similar opportunities to extend our channel coverage.
Whatever the challenges to the top line of the business, this has not deterred the management from further progress on net working capital efficiency. This reduced from 12.7% of net sales in 2014 to 11.8% for 2015, and contributed to the improvement in operating cash flow, from US$229.9 million to US$259.0 million, a creditable increase of 12.7%. The strong conversion of EBITDA to cash flow is a consistent feature of our business, and will stand us in good stead, once the Tumi acquisition is completed. During the year, capital expenditure was US$68.5 million, and after the acquisitions of Rolling Luggage, Chic Accent and the 40% minority stake in our Russian subsidiary, as well as a distribution to shareholders of US$88.0 million, our end of year net cash position increased by US$43.7 million to 
Your Board continues to follow a progressive dividend policy that broadly links payments to increases in earnings. During the year, Adjusted Net Income rose by 11.0% on a constant currency basis and excluding non-cash share-based compensation expenses. However, primarily as a result of currency movements, the reported earnings per share of the business, on an adjusted and diluted basis, increased by 5.5%, from US$0.146 to US$0.154. Given that the impact of currency should not be sustained, the Board has recommended a cash distribution to shareholders for 2016 of US$93.0 million, an increase of 5.7% on the previous year, and representing approximately US$0.0659 per share.
I would like to thank Ramesh and the management team for another year of sterling effort, and also my Board colleagues for their support and wisdom. There is a genuine team spirit in the Company and this was very evident in the enormous out-of-hours effort the team has put into securing the agreed acquisition of Tumi.
As Ramesh mentions, this will be Tom Korbas s final year with the Company, and he can look back with pride on a career that culminated in his enormously successful leadership of the North American business. We will miss him, but we will continue to benefit around the Board table from his incomparable knowledge of the industry.
And Lynne Berard, his successor, is proof of the depth of management expertise we have within the Company, and I m sure she will be an excellent appointment.
Our business has emerged stronger from 2015, and is now well placed to benefit fully from being a leading company in a sector that is expected to enjoy sustained 
timothy charles parker 
March 16, 2016 