Chairman s Statement 
In 2011, despite the stringent control policy imposed by the PRC government on the real estate industry, the Company delivered satisfactory results in terms of sales, profits, replenishment of land bank, improvement of product quality and corporate governance, thereby laying a solid foundation for the healthy and sustainable development of the Company in the future.
Sales growth achieved in a tough environment During 2011, the Company achieved its sales target in a tough environment, and recorded a contractual sales of approximately RMB19.2 billion, representing an increase of 130.5% as compared with the corresponding period of 2010. This achievement was made by focusing on six cities in four regions with only 14 projects available for sale (among these projects, six were launched for sale only in the second half of the year).
Such excellent sales results are attributable to: (1) the multi-year presence of the Company in each region within its corporate strategy which enables the Company to better understand and ascertain the needs of customers than its peers, which helps a lot in producing products that are accepted by the local high-end customers; and (2) the proactive preparation made by the Company for the tough market condition of 2011 as well as its superb sales team and flexible sales strategy allow the Company to better adapt to the tough environment and achieve good sales results! Successive launch of high-end projects significantly enhanced our brand image In 2011, the successive launch of high-end projects such as Sunac West Chateau in Beijing and Sunac PL Du Pantheon in Tianjin has significantly enhanced the Company s market image as a developer of high-end properties and increased its brand influence.
Adhering to regional focus strategy, acquiring quality land in existing cities and introducing quality joint venture partners During 2011, abundant cash flow enabled the Company to grasp opportunities to acquire quality land. The Company successfully acquired 5 new projects (including Sunac Glorious Mansion, Sunac Central Academy, Sunac Mian Er Project and Sunac LaiGuangying Project in Beijing and Sunac Eton Manor in Chongqing) in existing cities at suitable prices and expanded its land bank by approximately 2,000,000 square meters. At the same time, the Company successfully acquired the remaining 65% equity interests in West Chateau Project to make it the Company s wholly- owned subsidiary, and thus enhanced the Company s position in Beijing market.
By acquiring new projects, the Company also introduced such quality joint venture partners as Poly China and Franshion Properties (China) Limited. This heralds more opportunities and advantages will emerge for the Company s 
2011 was a year of tremendous leap-forward development for the Company. The Company had achieved significant progress in both the development in scale and the enhancement of its brand image, thus opening a brand-new chapter of development of the Company. In 2012, the Company will adhere to its development strategy of high- end properties and regional focus , and at the same time ensure the security of its cash flow while maintaining a 
Although initial success of the real estate adjustment measures adopted by the Central Government in 2011 has been achieved, we believe the Government will continue to enforce its real estate adjustment measures in 2012, thus the sales and financing environment for the property sector will remain the same as 2011. This is expected to accelerate the pace of industry consolidation and create opportunities for the well-established enterprises for further 
In 2012, we will proactively respond to changes in the market, enhance and fully capitalize on our capability to analyze and understand customer needs, maximize the value of our projects and products, and further improve our price management capability. With the unswerving determination to achieve our goals and the vigorous marketing capability of our team, we firmly believe that we will definitely realize a healthy growth in sales results. Meanwhile, we will also strengthen cost control through our efforts in strictly curbing various costs and expenses while enhancing product quality, so as to improve the profitability of the Company.
In 2012, we will take a prudent approach towards the opportunities arising from the land market, and focus on existing cities where we have selected meticulously and acquire quality land on premium locations on the premise of the absolute security of cash flow. At the same time, the Company will also consider prudently entering into Shanghai market in order to seek optimization of resources allocation, and strive to strengthen its position on the market and lay a solid foundation for its sustainable and steady development in future.

