Chairman s Statement 
The year 2012 has been a critical year for the Company's development. Despite the uncertainties of the market and policy environment, through unswerving adherence to our strategy of regional focus and high-end properties and with support from a team with superior execution, we remarkably achieved our 2012 operational tasks, enabling a continuously steady and fast business growth. While over-fulfilling various operational targets, we made significant progress in areas such as regional coverage, land acquisitions, corporate governance, product quality and etc., laying a solid foundation for the Company's future growth.
Strictly following the rules on land acquisitions to optimize regional coverage and acquire quality land bank In 2012, through continuous adherence to its strategy of regional focus and seizure of opportunities from land market, we successfully made presence in Shanghai and Hangzhou, and further consolidated its advantageous position in Beijing, Tianjin and Chongqing markets, formulating a development pattern covering the five major regions including Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, Chongqing and Hangzhou. In such areas, the Company replenished our land bank with an aggregate of approximately 7,420,000 sq.m. of quality lands at favourable prices, providing powerful support for the Company's future growth. It was particularly satisfactory that, despite the acquisition of numerous premium land reserves by the Company, its book cash balance increased from RMB3.87 billion in 2011 to RMB12.26 billion and our net debt position declined from 104.07% in 2011 to 78.89%. Besides, we strictly followed the Company s rules on land acquisitions while capturing opportunities from the land market. The Company resolutely abandoned a good many lands at exorbitant prices, despite its strong cash position, especially at the year end when the land market in first- tier cities experienced a rapid rebound even overheated, enabling the Company to take advantage of other better opportunities from the land market with deliberation.
Gaining trust and support from increasingly more partners In 2012, the Company jointly developed Horizon Capital in Tianjin and Wangjing Jinmao Palace and Jinmao Residence in Beijing with Poly Real Estate and Franshion Real Estate, respectively. All of these projects moved smoothly and each recorded an excellent subscription amount on their launch days. We also acquired new projects in Beijing and Shanghai through our cooperation with Poly, further consolidating our mutual partnership. In our strategic cooperation with Greentown, outstanding operating results were achieved within a short time. It has profound strategic significance for optimizing the Company's regional coverage and enhancing its capabilities to deliver high quality products. Moreover, we started off well in our first project cooperation with each of The Wharf, Gezhouba Group Real Estate, Tianjin TEDA City Development Co., Ltd.. Trust and support from its partners will be of great benefit to the Company's better future growth.
Continuously maintaining rapid growth in sales In 2012, facing with challenges brought by the industrial macro regulations, the Company maintained its rapid sales growth, realizing a contract sales amount of RMB35.6 billion, which is higher than the target of the year.
The ranking of sales of the Company in the real estate industry in China was increased to 12th from 18th in 2011.
Against the market fluctuations in recent years, through adherence to our strategy of regional focus and high-end properties and with support from a team with superior execution, we have always over-fulfilled our planned sales target and achieved great results in tough environment.
Continuously enhancing the build-up and improvement of the management capabilities In 2012, the Company achieved positive results in developing its management system and improving its management capabilities. We have consistently kept emphasizing on the build-up and development of its management capabilities and adhering to the principle of enhancing its management capabilities before scaling up. While scaling up, we also devoted a great deal of manpower, materials and attention to its management, and established an efficient management system featured in its systematization, elaboration and informatization, which is under constant build- up, enhancement and improvement, guaranteeing the sound future development of the Company with a solid foundation of management capabilities.
Outlook for 2013 Looking into 2013, we anticipate that the central government will continue its austerity measures on real estate industry. This will increase uncertainties and difficulties in real estate market. However, we strongly believe that our adherence to our strategy of regional focus and high-end properties has equipped us with obvious competitiveness, to tackle market uncertainties and potential risks without any panic. In land acquisitions, we will exercise caution in taking the opportunity to acquire lands and make careful judgment on the value of new projects as well as keep identifying cooperation opportunities for mergers and acquisitions. Meanwhile, we will strictly follow the Company s rules on land acquisitions such that we would rather miss wrong opportunities than purchase any land with doubts.
We will continuously make an effort to enhance the Company s capabilities to deliver high quality products, with a view to launching Suzhou Taohuayuan Project, an innovative product characterized by Chinese-style courtyard houses built by a joint venture company of Sunac Greentown with emphasis, in the third quarter. We believe this project will pleasantly surprise the market and welcome all shareholders visit and guidance. In 2013, we will take more prudence in cash flow management and stringent operational risk control so as to enable the Company s steady 
Sunac China Holdings Limited 
Chairman of the Board 25 March 2013 