Our goal is not just to build a bigger business, but also a stronger business. We are therefore placing emphasis on the creation of a more diversified Group across geographical markets, product categories, brands and distribution channels.
Our intention is also to make the business more resilient, so we are not so reliant on any single brand, market, channel of distribution, or product category.
2014 has been another year of excellent progress for your company. As our new CEO Ramesh Tainwala points out in his report, this is the fifth consecutive year that Samsonite has achieved double-digit growth in both net sales and Adjusted EBITDA. Group turnover reached a record US$2.35 billion, up 15.4%, and Adjusted EBITDA increased 13.8% to US$384.3 million. These are the essential statistics, but they only reflect the short-term impact of many of the initiatives taken over the last few years. As I have explained in previous reports, Samsonite is a business with deep historical roots in trading across the globe and an eponymous brand that has come to be the leader in travel goods in almost every significant world market. This has been a firm foundation on which to build a growing business, which we have certainly achieved since Samsonite s stock market flotation in 2011. Along the way, a new vision of the management team has taken shape: this is to develop the Group on a much more ambitious scale, extending our lead in travel goods with Samsonite and American Tourister, whilst also acquiring additional brands and channels of distribution. We firmly believe that the business has the capacity to double in size over the next few years: 2014 is the first year in our plan to achieve this with an outturn consistent with our long-term ambition.
We are confident that travel, tourism and outdoor leisure, the key drivers of our business, will continue to expand at a steady rate, in excess of GDP in most markets. Part of this expansion reflects the general health of the global economy that in turn drives demand from the business sector. More significant is the impact of rising affluence on tourism and also the time available for leisure activities. It is hard to pinpoint exactly, but the last few years have also seen a shift away from essentially utility-based products to a much more colourful and varied array of designs in our marketplace. This has both reflected and encouraged consumer interest, which bodes well for the future growth of the categories that we are active in. Although there is no lack of competition and new entrants to the markets that we serve, our management team is confident that Samsonite s brands can continue to lead on quality, innovation and visual appeal. This will not be left to chance: we will be significantly increasing the Group s investment in marketing well ahead of sales growth, and we are expanding our design activities globally. We are also continuously looking at new materials and technologies, and will invest further in our own manufacturing facilities where this makes sense.
The broad approach of the business will be to remain nimble and able to respond to changing conditions across global markets. This implies only limited vertical integration of our activities, and a continued emphasis on a decentralised management structure. The local country management is the building block of our relationship with the consumer, and we shape our product offering according to local tastes and needs. However, there are several key areas in which the business is intent on extracting the benefits of scale, in particular purchasing and logistics. As our business becomes more complex in terms of brands, channels and product ranges, it becomes ever more important to find ways to simplify our operations, and to make sure that we do not suffer from initiative overload. Although our model involves the devolution of responsibility to local management where possible, we are very much alive to the opportunities to share knowledge across the Group and avoid duplication of effort. As such, our key managers around the world are in constant contact, especially in the areas of product marketing and sourcing.
In a report and statement of accounts, it is not always easy to convey a clear impression of the style and capability of a management team. One of the advantages of my continuing as Chairman, having been the CEO, is that I know well the executives who make the key decisions in the business on a day-to-day basis. Ultimately the results of your company depend on them getting it right most of the time, and I have confidence that the team under Ramesh Tainwala will do just that. First of all, we have plenty of specialists in all aspects of our industry and indeed some of its most experienced executives.
Secondly, we have developed a culture across our business that largely eschews politics, and places fundamental importance on getting things done. The most precious commodity in a dynamic and competitive marketplace is time, and the consistent focus of the team is on maintaining a rapid tempo in management execution. And thirdly, our CEO and CFO are constantly in the marketplace, leading from the front and staying in close touch with key developments in 
It is critical that we retain and motivate the key executives in our company, and the Remuneration Committee of the Board looks carefully at a range of factors in considering the long-term incentive programme for senior members of the management team. We have an ambitious programme ahead of us over the next few years, and the Board took the view this year that it was desirable to make a one-off award beyond the usual formula to key members of the senior management team. This was on the recommendation of the CEO (who did not himself wish to be included in this additional award) and in his view, shared by the Board, it will be a strong incentive for the team to realise our growth plans and to remain committed to the business. On 7th January 2015, the Board of Directors granted share options to certain directors and employees entitling the recipients to subscribe to an aggregate of 26,047,211 new ordinary shares.
Our goal is not just to build a bigger business, but also to build a stronger business. We are therefore placing emphasis on the creation of a more diversified Group across geographical markets, product categories, brands and distribution channels. This of course opens up new opportunities for expansion and these are well described in Ramesh s report. However, our intention is also to make the business more resilient, so we are not so reliant on any single brand, market, channel of distribution, or product category. Some time ago the Group moved away from being dependent on the Samsonite brand in travel goods sold mainly through wholesale channels in the developed markets of the US and Europe. A major theme running through this year s report is the development of the American Tourister brand, which is aimed at the very large middle segment of the travel market. Secondly, we have made a succession of acquisitions of carefully chosen brands that are complementary to Samsonite and American Tourister: Hartmann, Lipault, High Sierra, Gregory and Speck all have enormous scope for growth within our global distribution structure.
The experience we have gained from absorbing these new brands has been invaluable, and there is now a well-oiled machine standing ready to take advantage of whatever bolt-on opportunities arise in the marketplace. Our most recent buy, Rolling Luggage, coming after the end of the year, establishes a strong retail presence for us in key international airport locations. And we will continue to look at more retail opportunities. As you will see too, we are not letting the explosive growth in online retail pass us by. This distribution channel can be a new driver of profitable growth for our business, and will be the way in which many of our newer and younger customers experience 
From a financial perspective, our company s balance sheet remains ungeared, and therefore well protected against any unforeseen downside risks in the global travel market. If a suitable opportunity occurs, it clearly leaves us with considerable financing possibilities, without fundamentally altering the conservative risk profile of the business. From a cash flow perspective we are focused on improving the EBITDA conversion rate, through improvement of working capital efficiency and effective control over capital expenditure. In 2014, the Group generated US$229.9 million of cash from operating activities and after the payment of a cash distribution to shareholders that was more than double the previous year s, as well as the acquisitions of Lipault, Speck Products and Gregory, we still retained a net cash position of US$72.9 million at the end of the year.
Over the year, earnings per share on an adjusted and diluted basis increased from US$0.134 to US$0.146, an increase of 9.0%. The Board recommends a cash distribution to shareholders for 2015 of US$88.0 million, up 10% on the previous year, and representing approximately US$0.0625 per share.
As Ramesh points out in his report, trading conditions across the world vary at any one time, but we are content with the direction of our business, and confident of achieving our goals for 2015. It remains for me to thank everyone across the worldwide Samsonite community, encompassing our own people and the many businesses that supply and sell our products. Without their commitment, these results would not be possible. And it is because of their dedication that I am confident that Samsonite will continue to prosper in the future.
Timothy Charles Parker 
March 17, 2015 