Chairman s Statements 
In 2009, the Company devoted its efforts to listing. During our listing preparation process, we expected our profit for 2009 to be RMB814 million, and we also proposed to acquire 10% equity interests in Tianjin Sunac Ao Cheng Investment Co., Ltd. ( Sunac Ao Cheng ), 49% equity interests in Wuxi Sunac Real Estate Co., Ltd. ( Wuxi Sunac Real Estate ), and additional 1 or 2 pieces of land, with the funds raised in listing. The reason that we did not purchase any land in 2009 when we had sufficient funds was we considered that the land market in 2009 was too hot. Besides, local governments had increased the land supply, which would be available in the market in the first half of 2010. Further, as a result of the overheated real estate market, the government's macro-economic control is expected. Therefore, acquiring land in 2010 would render us better opportunities than that in 2009. Although the listing was unsuccessful, we still have realized a profit of RMB825 million in 2009. Even without any proceeds from the listing, we have acquired 10% equity interests in Sunac Ao Cheng, 49% equity interests in Wuxi Sunac Real Estate, and 2 pieces of land for Royal Garden and Sunac Huafu, having completed our commitment to investors in the listing process.
During the listing in 2010, we projected the profit for the year to be RMB1,460 million. In answering why we chose to list under the most rigorous economic environment in the history, we considered that, when the PRC Government wanted to guarantee the land supply for affordable housing in first three quarters , the land supply for commodity properties between 2010 end and early 2011 would be released accordingly. Also, after considering the determination of the central government in regulating the property industry, we believed that the end of 2010 would be the best chance to acquire land and the funds raised would be used to acquire proper land in several existing target cities. In 2010, we exceeded our profit forecast, with a profit after tax for the year of RMB1,540 million. In the meantime, we, once again, seized the opportunity to have acquired land for Beijing Changping Project, Tianjin Binhai New District Project, Tianjin University Town Project, and Chongqing Sunac Lushan Project at appropriate prices.
Among which, the land for Beijing Changping Project was acquired under the cooperation with Beijing Zhuzong Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. through a bidding process, while land for Tianjin Binhai New District Project and Tianjin University Town Project were acquired at the minimum prices.
In 2009 and 2010, we have achieved our operating objectives, demonstrating our precise estimation of the market and our strong ability of implementation.
In 2011, the PRC Government has implemented a series of more stringent macro-control measures. We consider that all these tightening policies imposed by the government, particularly the property-purchasing limitation and the target of constructing 10 million affordable houses a year, and together with the accountability mechanism to provide stability of housing prices, will have great impact to the real estate market. We will apply a prudent cash flow management, especially for achieving our preset goals of sales. Also, we believe that we will be able to meet targets for profit of this year. Meanwhile, we believe that the rigorous implementation of macro-control policy will also give rise to good investment opportunities in land market in this year. On the premise of ensuring the safety of cash flow, we will capitalise on favourable opportunities to acquire suitable quality lands in cities that we currently 
Through our years of strong commitment in maintaining a high-end property strategy, we strive to focus on the development of our selected four areas, Beijing, Tianjin, Chongqing and South Jiangsu. With our continuous realization and delivery of exquisite properties in these cities, the image of Sunac, being a high-end property developer, gains recognitions from clients in our existing markets. Meanwhile, focusing on these four regions will enable us to make more precise market projection and have a deeper understanding of our clients needs.
The grand debut and sale of West Chateau project in this year will deliver another high-end project with extraordinary quality that filled with our dedications. It is a long-expected project of the Company. We welcome all of you to have a visit to our meticulous West Chateau project.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 1 March 2011 