Chairman s Statement This is the fourth consecutive year that the adjusted EBITDA of the business has increased in excess of 15.0%, and it is also pleasing to see sales pass through the US$2 billion level for the fi rst time. In fact, since the transformation programme of the Group began in 2009, sales have almost doubled and adjusted EBITDA has increased by almost six times.
This is the fourth consecutive year that the adjusted EBITDA of the business has increased in excess of 15.0%, and it is also pleasing to see sales pass through the US$2 billion level for the fi rst time. In fact, since the transformation programme of the Group began in 2009, sales have almost doubled and adjusted EBITDA has increased by almost six times. Two factors continue to support the growth of our business: fi rstly, there is no sign of any let up in the global appetite for travel and tourism, especially in developing markets.
Secondly, the Group has consistently invested in its brands and products around the world. With our roots in international travel it perhaps should come as no surprise that Samsonite has subsidiaries operating in over 40 countries, but perhaps what is most telling is how long the business has been established in the world s largest and growing markets. Founded in Denver in 1910, the Group began operations in Europe in 1963, and has operated in Japan for almost 50 years, China for over 15 years, India for almost 20 years, and Mexico for approximately 50 years. This long experience of adapting our commercial policies to local needs sets us apart from many other companies operating in the global consumer space. These solid historical foundations, and the wide global spread of our business, help to moderate the impact of forces that buffet individual markets occasionally, for example currency movements, natural disasters, and changes in political climate. In 2012, for example, we had to contend with a weak Euro; in 2013 it was the depreciation of many Asian currencies that had an impact on the US dollar value of sales and profi ts.
Underlining the broad base of Samsonite, in a year that growth in China slowed, we were able to expand our US business by almost a quarter. I have no doubt that the sources of growth will again shift in 2014, but remain confi dent that in aggregate we can continue to maintain a consistent pace of development.
The main features of our 2013 results are as follows: the Company s total net sales increased by 15.0% from the previous year to a record US$2,037.8 million.
Excluding foreign currency effects, net sales increased by 16.1%. Reported profi t increased by 18.5% to US$197.4 million, and profi t attributable to equity holders increased by 18.6% to US$176.1 million. Adjusted Net Income, which takes into account certain non-operating and one-off costs and gives a clearer picture of the underlying performance of the business, increased by 13.2% to US$189.2 million.
Another key performance indicator of the Group s overall profi tability is adjusted EBITDA, and this increased by 17.9% to US$337.7 million. On the same basis, the adjusted EBITDA margin on sales advanced further from 16.2% to a best ever 16.6%.
The Group generated US$193.0 million of cash from operating activities, slightly down on US$203.0 million in 2012 after a substantial contribution to our US pension plan of US$33.2 million, of which US$20.0 million was discretionary.
The Group ended 2013 in a net cash position of US$209.8 million.
Earnings per share on an adjusted and diluted basis increased from US$0.119 to US$0.134, an increase of 12.6%. The Board has previously indicated its intention to follow a progressive dividend policy. We now have full confi dence in the sustainable cash fl ow generation of the business and have therefore decided to recommend an increase in the proportion of cash fl ow paid out to shareholders. For 2014, the Board recommends a cash distribution of US$80.0 million, or approximately US$0.057 per share, an increase of 113.3% from the US$37.5 million distribution paid in 2013.
As part of the Group s approved long-term incentive arrangements, the Board of Directors granted share options to certain directors and employees on January 7, 2014. The share options entitle the recipients to subscribe to an aggregate of 12,266,199 new ordinary shares. Our Share Award Scheme assists the Group in attracting skilled and experienced personnel and incentivises them to remain with the Group and to achieve the very best fi nancial results over the medium term.
The mark of a successful strategy is one that remains consistent over time, without being unduly infl exible. We believe the track record of the business refl ects our adherence to the principle of glocalisation , that is, seeking to derive full advantage of global scale, whilst at the same time adapting our commercial policies and practice to local markets. To operate in this manner, it is essential to have a strong foundation of systems and logistics that allows for proper control whilst supporting fl exibility in front end delivery. Our management philosophy is to decentralise operations as much as possible, and to create full accountability for performance at the country level. As I have explained in previous reports, our regions operate as stand-alone businesses, responsible for end-to-end management from factory gate to customer purchase. From market to market, customers, channels and products vary, but the brand values of Samsonite, American Tourister, Hartmann and High Sierra remain consistent, backed by common global quality standards. Our customers can be sure of the same quality wherever in the world they buy our products, and this underpins the trust they place in our brands.
Although we operate our business in three regions, the senior management of the Company cooperates closely in matters of common interest. For example, there is a free market of ideas in the business, and marketing teams constantly exchange information on new product development, market intelligence and advertising material. Products that are successful in one region, often fi nd their way very quickly into other regions, with appropriate modifi cations. Although marketing materials tend to be adapted to local conditions, a considerable amount of material is used on a worldwide basis. On sourcing, regions co- operate closely when dealing with some of our partner suppliers. The central services of the Group legal, fi nancial and IT, all have team members who are part of each region s management structure, and this ensures that the centre is responsive to local needs. One of the key strengths of our business is the back offi ce: well-functioning systems, effi cient logistics and a legal and intellectual property protection department that defends our brands from the inevitable range of brand and patent infringement issues.
Our business depends for success on having the very best and the most exciting products for our customers. We have therefore invested more than ever before in our design offi ces in Italy, Belgium, Hong Kong, Chicago and Boston. The challenge for our company is to come up with genuinely innovative concepts and materials. To this end, our designers and development engineers collaborate with university research departments and attend many industry fairs in search of new developments in plastics and fabrics that may have some application to travel goods. We now also have an expanding manufacturing footprint in hard-side luggage, having doubled the size of our facility in Hungary, and further invested in our plants in Belgium and India.
This in-house production engineering expertise is important for the long run development of proprietary technology and product research. Having reviewed our products around the world this year, I have been struck by the sheer range of design ideas, and the breadth of the colour palette. We are constantly striving to inject some excitement into our products, whether Samsonite, American Tourister, High Sierra or Hartmann, and there is a long line-up of new product introductions for 2014.
The world of luggage is certainly a more colourful place today than a few years ago. Consumers are taking a much deeper interest in the category, and demand more than a simple black bag. The carry-on has become an essential piece of kit for the modern traveller and like all items in constant use, is to some extent, an expression of the taste of the owner. In addition, regulations on what is permitted inside the aircraft cabin are constantly changing and standards vary from one airline to another. Responding to these changing needs is a challenge, but our products remain some of the lightest, most appealing and offer the highest volumes within given size constraints. The business category is also changing fast. Apart from the increasing casualization of the workplace that is blurring the distinction between backpacks and business bags, the technology is shifting rapidly. The tablet and smartphone are rapidly taking the place of many laptops, which in turn are becoming smaller, thinner and lighter.
As little as fi ve years ago, the Samsonite brand accounted for over 75.0% of the Group s sales. Now this fi gure is down to 69.4% and the American Tourister brand has become our main engine of growth in Asia, and takes 21.1% of our business worldwide. The acquisitions of Hartmann and High Sierra have further diversifi ed our brand portfolio, and I am pleased to report that the regions are well advanced in their plans to launch these essentially US brands in Asia and Europe. We are investing in these new product segments and I believe there is further capacity to expand our stable of brands. We also believe there are plenty of opportunities for our eponymous Samsonite brand.
In 2013, sales of the brand were up 9.7% in constant currency terms, the same rate as the previous year, and in Europe and the US, the vast majority of our business is still under the Samsonite banner.
In 2012, the weak Euro depressed our results in US dollars; in 2013 it was the turn of the Asian currencies to weaken substantially. Comparing average rates for 2013 with those of 2012, the Australian dollar was down 7.2%, the Indian rupee down 8.4%, the Indonesian rupiah down 9.9% and the Japanese yen down 16.9%. Collectively, foreign currency movements reduced Group turnover by US$18.4 million, or 1.1%, a much smaller impact than the year before. 2013 was a great year for our North American business: with acquisitions, turnover was up a remarkable 24.4%, and even without the benefi t of the fi rst year s trading of the Hartmann and High Sierra brands, sales were up 14.0%. However, taking into account tougher conditions in China, our Asian business also recorded a very healthy 15.6% sales growth in constant currency terms, underlining the broad base of the region and lack of dependency on any single market. We were also very pleased with results in Europe, which almost managed double-digit sales growth in constant currency terms, despite the continuing challenges in Spain and Italy.
Looking at individual regional performances, Asia remains an important driver of our business: it remains our largest region (37.7% of sales) and has consistently delivered very rapid growth in 2013 it was 15.6% as noted above. The American Tourister brand is the main driver of our business in Asia, accounting for three quarters of our sales growth in the region and increasing by 26.6% in constant currency terms. We believe there are many further opportunities to expand this truly international brand positioned at more accessible price points, offering eye-catching and colourful products. We were also pleased with the progress of the Samsonite Red brand. Launched in South Korea, and aimed at a younger more fashion-conscious consumer, this brand is now showing signs of becoming an international name. Sales increased 79.5% to just under US$30.0 million and we are confi dent of taking this beyond US$50.0 million in 2014. In local currency terms, almost all markets in Asia achieved double digit growth, the highlights being: South Korea 27.9%, Hong Kong 18.2%, Thailand 17.3%, Indonesia 27.1%, India 18.3%, Japan 18.6% and Australia 14.1%. Of particular note is the performance of South Korea, a large and mature market, and in which our growth has been broadly based across e-commerce, TV shopping and retail. It was pleasing to see the recovery of India, as we moved the business away from promotional activities, and sales increased in Japan in local currency, as we continue to expand our points of sale. After several years of stellar growth in China, 2013 has been more subdued with sales up only 5.3% in local currency. Clearly the slackening in the overall growth rate and offi cial policy on gift-related purchases, have had an impact on demand. Also, our business was affected by non-repetition of several one-off B2B deals in 2012. However, e-commerce is growing rapidly, and our own stores have performed well. We have plenty of new product and brand initiatives in China, and remain confi dent that this market will continue to lead the region in terms of growth and profi t contribution.
Our business in the US has enjoyed another spectacular year with the business expanding by almost a quarter. In a mature market, sales excluding acquisitions were up 14.0%. The reason for this performance, far ahead of the market overall, has been the sell-through of our products in our key The mark of a successful strategy is one that remains consistent over time, without being unduly infl exible. We believe the track record of the business refl ects our adherence to the principle of glocalisation , that is, seeking to derive full advantage of global scale, whilst at the same time adapting our commercial policies and practice to local markets.
wholesale customers, along with an excellent service level. These two factors have encouraged more listings and, working together with our retail partners, we have developed more successful product lines tailored to the needs of our customers. In common with other regions across the world, the internet is becoming a major part of the retail landscape, with sales more than doubling.
The travel category was the main driver of our business, up 15.3% and within this segment, sales of hard-side cases were up 32.9%. With High Sierra, casual sales were up 171.1%, 17.6% without. Three High Sierra retail stores have opened, and we have fi nished the complete overhaul of the Hartmann range, in addition to planning the retail development of the brand in 2014. Market reaction to the product line-up of both brands has been very encouraging.
Overall, sales in the retail channel increased 14.0% in 2013, and we have plans to further expand our retail network in 2014.
We were pleased with sales and EBITDA performance in Europe this year: sales increased 9.2%, excluding foreign currency effects, and there were plenty of good country results. In local currency terms, Germany, our largest market in the region, was up 11.9%, France 9.0%, the UK 27.8% and Russia 27.9%. Our biggest success has been in the hard-side category, increasing by 11%. The newly updated Cosmolite model in the Curv family did well and the new S Cure line took polypropylene cases to a new level and is the clear leader in the market. It was also encouraging to see the growth in the business category with sales up 13.7%, and a very positive reaction to recent product launches. During the year we completed a major expansion programme at our plant in Hungary, more than doubling capacity of Curv production, and the new warehouse in Oudenaarde, Belgium will be completed in March 2014 on time and below budget. This investment will replace third party warehousing with a considerable cost saving and gain in effi ciency. Although Spain and Italy remain diffi cult markets there were signs at the end of the year that the worst may be over, and that we can look forward to a stronger performance from these countries in 2014.
We completed some important initiatives in our Latin American business in 2014. Overall performance was satisfactory, with sales up 11.7%, excluding currency effects. On the negative side, our business in Argentina continues to contract as we retrench our retail operations in response to import controls. However, elsewhere we are building the foundation for higher levels of growth in the future. Chile remains the lynchpin of the region, recording sales growth of 15.7% in local currency. The Xtrem back-to-school backpack business was strong again, and we are seeing encouraging results from the new women s handbag initiative under the Secret brand. Domestic sales in Mexico were up 10.2% and with our strong brand positioning, this should be a big market opportunity over the next few years. During the year we opened our own sales subsidiaries in Colombia, Peru and Panama, which will improve our market position.
Similarly, we have also moved our Brazilian business from a distributor model to a direct import and sales structure, which will hopefully shift our sales up several gears. Early indications are positive.
The US$266.1 million increase in net sales for the year was mainly the result of growth in the travel segment that was up 12.8%, excluding currency effects. However, there were good performances in other categories, and this has helped to spread our business more evenly. For example, the share of casual products has increased from 6.2% to 10.1% of total net sales, and the share of travel has reduced from 76.6% to 74.4%. The apparent weak performance in business products, up only 3.3% excluding currency effects does not tell the whole story. In fact, sales were up 13.2% in North America and 13.7% in Europe. A small decline of 3.1% in Asia is due mainly to the timing of product launches, but also as a result of the shift of many business products from bags to backpacks. As mentioned, above the line between the business and casual segments is becoming more blurred. It is also worth noting the performance of accessories in 2013, up 8.2% in local currency terms. We have taken back another important license in Europe, and with the improvement to our product ranges, we see good prospects for this broad category in 2014.
As I have explained in previous reports, it remains a key strategy of our Group to be the biggest investor in brand marketing, and in 2013 we continued this approach. The Group spent US$129.2 million on marketing in the year, up 10.2% on the previous year. In terms of percentage of sales, this was down slightly, from 6.6% to 6.3%, but this is explained by several factors.
Firstly, performance has been strong in the US, where spend rates are lower.
Secondly, we are becoming more effi cient in our allocation of resources; and thirdly, it was possible to buy media at more competitive rates for much of 2013. Social media and online investment are becoming a more important part of our marketing effort as we communicate more effectively with the new generation of consumers.
There is no doubt that the era of very low-cost goods sourced from highly labour-intensive factories in Asia, is now drawing to a close. Labour costs in our factories are rising, and the RMB has been slowly gaining on the US dollar further pushing up prices. However, these are trends that affect all manufacturing industries, and our strategies must adapt to new circumstances.
In the fi rst place commodity markets have been subdued, and materials still account for the overwhelming proportion of our input costs. Secondly, we are always looking for ways to manufacture products with less labour, as are our manufacturing partners. We also keep a very close eye on relative costs in different source countries across the world as well as on the costs of freight, warehousing and so on. However, it is unlikely that there will be any change to the location of most of our supplier partners in the next few years, owing to well-entrenched supply infrastructure of key components. In overall terms, we expect to maintain a similar level of gross margins for the foreseeable future.
Capital expenditure in 2013 was considerably higher than in previous years: US$57.2 million compared with US$37.9 million last year. The main reasons for this increased spend were the construction of the new warehouse in Belgium, the expansion of the plant in Hungary and further investment in new retail stores. Although there will be occasional lumpy investments in plant and equipment, we expect spending to be somewhat below 2013 levels in future years.
The Group generated US$193.0 million from operating activities during the year. This was US$10.0 million below last year, but is after a substantial pension funding contribution in the US of US$33.2 million, of which US$20.0 million was discretionary. We are approaching closer to the point where this scheme, consisting mainly of legacy liabilities, will be fully funded at which time we can review our options.
It is too early to tell what 2014 may have in store for our business. However, in general, there should be a more positive macro-economic climate than last year. We expect the market for travel and tourism to expand ahead of GDP in most countries. There are signs that the trading environment in China is stabilising, and we expect overall trading conditions in Europe to be the best since 2010. We cannot expect to maintain the organic growth levels seen in North America over the past few years, and have planned accordingly. Yet I am confi dent that many other markets will perform well, and the main reason for the consistency of our performance remains the diverse nature of our business in terms of products and markets. Whilst we have a sizeable lead over many of our competitors, our success is not taken for granted, and we constantly challenge ourselves as a management team to fi nd better ways of doing things. With the growth initiatives we have in-house and the opportunities we have to leverage our distribution strengths with brands we can acquire, I am confi dent that Samsonite has plenty of further room for expansion.
It is important that our company has a proper plan for management succession, and we are always thinking about the next generation of managers who will lead our company to future success. We are fortunate to have a very stable and talented group of executives across the world, and one of the outstanding members of our team is Ramesh Tainwala, who has led the Asian region to enormous success in the past few years. I have asked Ramesh to take on the role of Chief Operating Offi cer, responsible for running day-to-day operations, while allowing me to focus on directing the Group s strategy and building a stronger relationship with our shareholders and the investment community at large. There is no better person to fi ll this role, and both of us look forward to working together to achieve even more for our business, in which, I should mention, we are both heavily invested. Congratulations, too, go to Leo Suh, who will be promoted from successfully running our South Korean business, to take over a large part of our Asian business. Finally, I would like to thank all of our people who work so hard for our company, in so many different functions and a wide array of countries and time zones. Samsonite is a real global community, and I believe this will serve us very well in our future endeavours.
Timothy Charles Parker 
March 18, 2014 