CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Despite the challenges from China s economic slowdown in 2015, the real estate industry saw a notable recovery from the fourth quarter in first-tier cities and certain second-tier cities as driven by accommodative monetary policy and incentive de-stocking packages, resulting in an increasingly divergent and consolidated landscape presenting leading players with higher market shares. In view of this, the Company identified and grasped opportunities in the land market to basically complete its business layout in major targeted cities while maintaining stable results and enhancing its position in the industry, thus laying a solid foundation to scale new heights going forward.
Robust Operating Results and Rising Position in the Industry In 2015, the Company s operating results were improving steadily. Profit attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately RMB3,300 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.4%. The Company maintained ample liquidity as at 31 December 2015, with its carrying amount of cash reaching RMB27,060 million, nearly two times of short-term debts, and net gearing ratio staying at 75.9%, a low level among peers. In 2015, the Company s contracted sales increased year-on-year by 3.6% to RMB68,200 million, among which interest-based sales reached RMB43,500 million, a year-on-year increase of 10.3%. The Company kept going upward in the industry sales ranking issued by a third-party agency and ranked 9th in 2015, following its entry into the top 10 list for the first time in 2014.
Optimized Debt Structure and Lowered Financing Costs Opportunistically Through Domestic 
In 2015, the Group timely seized opportunities from opening of the domestic corporate bond market and proactively developed domestic financing platforms to successfully issue RMB6 billion corporate bonds at low costs for replacing previous high-cost financing. Meanwhile, the Company took advantage of the decreasing domestic financing costs to actively manage new and existing financing, substantially reducing financing costs and optimizing debt structure to benefit its long-term profitability.
Active and Prudent Presence in Promising Second-tier Cities for Quality Land Bank While Seizing Opportunities in the Existing Cities Given the increasingly heated competition in the land markets of first- and second-tier cities and soaring land prices particularly in certain first-tier cities as a result of optimistic industry outlook, the Company has remained prudent and resolutely given up the over-priced land lots. Meanwhile, the Company proactively seized market opportunities to acquire reasonably priced land lots in key promising second-tier cities with balanced supply and demand such as Jinan, Nanjing, Chengdu, Xi an and Wuhan while bypassing the over-heated open markets in first-tier cities to replenish quality land lots through acquisition and merger there. Such regional layout in key targeted cities has been basically completed, making a major breakthrough in the Company s urban portfolio and creating more room for future development.
Outlook for 2016 In 2016, despite the monetary easing and proactive industry policies conducive for a resilient industry, the Company still needs to remain cautious about land acquisition given China s overall muted economic growth and the changing supply-demand pattern.
The Company believes that the divergence and consolidation trend in the industry will go even further in 2016 and thus provides more opportunities for acquisition and merger. The Company will, as always, prudently acquire new quality projects based on sound market judgments while maintaining adequate liquidity. In 2016, with a more solid cornerstone, we are confident in accomplishing the annual business objectives and further improving the Company s operational capability to cater for healthier development in the 
Sunac China Holdings Limited 
Chairman of the Board 28 March 2016 