Looking at the performance of the business
excluding Tumi, we were pleased with the
6.0% growth in constant currency net sales,
and also on the same basis, the increase
in Adjusted EBITDA of 6.8% to US$421.3
million. This was a creditable result, given
overall economic conditions, and better
than we might have expected at the halfyear
point.
It is encouraging that the second half of the year has been much stronger than the fi rst half, especially in the
two major markets of the U.S. and China. I believe we have further strengthened the position of the Company
in the global travel lifestyle marketplace.
Looking back over 2016, the acquisition of Tumi has undoubtedly been the year’s most
significant event, and arguably the most important acquisition in our company’s 100-
plus year history. As our overall results incorporate a first, part-year contribution from
Tumi, my intention will be to look more closely at what has been going on in organic
terms, as this will give a clearer picture of the Company’s progress. It is encouraging
that the second half of the year has been much stronger than the first half, especially
in the two major markets of the U.S. and China. Whilst 2016 did not present currency
challenges on the scale of 2015, there remained some US Dollar appreciation
pressures in a number of key trading territories. Also, although consumer sentiment
improved during the course of the year, 2016 has been an uneven year in terms of
global growth and demand, due to a mixture of political and economic uncertainty.
Against this backdrop we are very satisfied with the results of the business, and I
believe we have further strengthened the position of the Company in the global travel
lifestyle marketplace.
The headline results are as follows: including Tumi, net sales advanced by 15.5%
to a record US$2,810.5 million and the Group’s reported profit attributable to
the equity holders increased by 29.4% to US$255.7 million. However, this profit
measure was significantly affected by, on the negative side, the costs of the
Tumi acquisition, and on the positive side by a one-off tax benefit arising from
the liquidation of the Group’s U.S. pension plan. Adjusting these out, the profit
increase came to 11.6%.
In line with previous years, I would like to draw attention to the two performance
measures of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income. These are non-IFRS
measures, but they do, in our view, present a clear picture of the underlying
performance of the business, as they adjust out various one-off charges (in the
main related to acquisitions) and certain other non-cash charges and adjustments
unrelated to operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA increased by 21.1% to
US$485.6 million, and Adjusted Net Income advanced 18.9% to US$257.9 million.
The latter figure is especially noteworthy as it is struck after the financing costs of
the Tumi acquisition.
Looking at the performance of the business excluding Tumi, we were pleased with
the 6.0% growth in constant currency net sales, and also on the same basis, the
increase in Adjusted EBITDA of 6.8% to US$421.3 million. This was a creditable
result, given overall economic conditions, and better than we might have expected
at the half-year point. As Ramesh points out in his report, China, our second
largest market, which was flat in terms of net sales growth in the first half, turned
in constant currency growth of 11.4% in the second half. We did see evidence of an
uptick in the North American business as well: sales were up 7.2% in the second
half which helped the overall increase for the year to 3.8% after a virtually flat first
half. Whilst Speck has contributed substantially to this improvement, mainly due to
We are now focused on a strong growth path for Tumi for the future, not only in the U.S., which will benefi t
from increased investment in marketing spend, but also in several key markets in Asia, where we are much
ahead of original plans to take back direct control of distribution. In summary, Tumi is not just a case of an
acquisition going according to plan, but one that is performing better than we expected in most departments.
new product introductions, there is also evidence that the retail store comparative
growth is moving into positive territory. Whilst there remains considerable turmoil
in the market as some of our larger wholesale customers adapt to the shift toward
e-commerce, the range of initiatives we have in place for the coming year gives us
confidence that we will see a better climate for growth in 2017.
There were headwinds in three other markets in Asia in 2016: South Korea is one
of the most intensively and successfully operated markets for the business, and
this exposes us particularly to changes in overall consumer sentiment and general
economic conditions. These have been a challenge, but we do expect some
improvement in the coming months. Secondly, uncertainty in India around the
withdrawal of high denomination notes from circulation has not helped another
market where our shares are high: again, we have a number of initiatives that
should see advances in 2017. Finally, although Hong Kong is not one of the largest
Asian markets, the loss of tourist throughput in a predominantly retail market
has been painful for profitability in 2016. As the year closed we did see signs of
some stabilisation, and therefore prospects for next year should be better. It’s also
worth pointing out that as a result of slower growth and channel shifts in the two
key markets of China and South Korea, we’ve seen a halt to the previously strong
growth track of American Tourister in Asia. We have subsequently made changes
to our marketing and product strategy which we believe will have a positive impact
in the near term.
In Europe, we have made good advances with the American Tourister brand partly
as a result of increased marketing investment, but also due to an exciting and
dynamic product range. As Ramesh reports, we have had a good year in Europe
barring the impact of terrorist attacks in France, which has been slow to return
to normal levels of activity. The previous acquisitions of Rolling Luggage and
Chic Accent have made a good contribution to net sales and the bottom line, and
also shifted our business more in the direction of direct-to-consumer. Whilst we
are not yet seeing any substantial impact in terms of profits earned in our Latin
America business, this has been a year of very exciting progress: excluding the
impact of foreign currency translation, our net sales increased by 17.4%. Chile
remains the bedrock of the business, but we are seeing some real movement in
the key markets of Mexico and Brazil, driven by the retail expansion and further
development of the American Tourister brand. 
As Ramesh notes in his report, our strategy to diversify the Group in terms of
brands, product categories and distribution channels is making good progress.
Although 2016 was a blip for American Tourister in China and South Korea, the
brand continued to record double-digit growth in many markets, and other brands
– Lipault, Gregory, Speck and Hartmann, all grew in excess of 15.0%. We are
also particularly excited by the homegrown mass market brand Kamiliant, which
has gone from a virtually standing start to US$21.9 million in net sales during
2016. Turning to product categories, constant currency net sales for the nontravel
categories increased by a combined 9.1% (excluding Tumi), faster than
the core travel category at 4.5%. As we invest more behind the business, casual
and accessories categories, and also as a result of the shift towards direct-toconsumer,
we expect to see further progress in this area. Finally, in terms of
distribution channels the march of e-commerce continues unabated: it now
represents almost 10.0% of the business, and we are accelerating our efforts to
get in front of this curve. There is much to do, and in order to attain full potential
of our brands in this channel, we know that investments may need to be made
whose return is uncertain in the short term, but we will do what it takes to build a
#1 position globally in this channel. We do know that our bricks-and-mortar estate
needs to work hand-in-hand with e-commerce, and we intend to further invest in
direct-to-consumer channels. 2016 was not an exciting year for retail comparative
sales (+2.5% on a constant currency basis), but with an improving outlook in some
of our bigger markets, we expect better results in the coming year. 
This brings me to Tumi. There has been no better example of Ramesh’s leadership
skills in bringing the two companies together, and then applying his knowledge
of the business to make the right calls in terms of people and structure. It is
true that Samsonite and Tumi share many common values, and this has helped
the integration process. But only the relentless attention to detail, and careful
assessment of people and plans, has led us to the truly exciting position we
find ourselves in today. As we have mentioned on several occasions, this is a
real complementary fit, and at an operating level I believe we have made good
decisions in maintaining a centrally-driven brand and design function, delivered
by regions in terms of sales and marketing. Tumi is an outstanding business,
and I would like to thank the team there for being willing to work so well with
the Samsonite people to get the best long-term result for the Group. Of course,
there has been some initial restructuring, but we are now focused on a strong
growth path for the future, not only in the U.S., which will benefit from increased
investment in marketing spend, but also in several key markets in Asia, where
we are much ahead of original plans to take back direct control of distribution. In
summary, Tumi is not just a case of an acquisition going according to plan, but one
that is performing better than we expected in most departments.
One of the goals of our management team is to maintain a clear and consistent
strategy, with appropriate flexibility in execution, and Ramesh recapitulates this
in his report. As I mentioned earlier in this commentary, 2016 has been another
year of sluggish overall trading conditions, and this has led us to a conservative
stance on marketing spend. In fact, we did manage to increase our spend by 10.1%
in constant currency terms to US$143.8 million, although as a percentage of net
sales it fell slightly from 5.4% last year to 5.1% of net sales in 2016. It is worth
reiterating that we consider investment behind our brands as a key long-term
driver of growth, and after a couple of years in which spend has had to be trimmed,
it is our intention to raise the percentage in coming years, and our plans for 2017
fully take this into account.
One important goal of our management team is generating strong operating cash
flow, subject, of course, to meeting our overall growth objectives. In 2016 overall
operating cash flow was US$260.8 million, compared to US$259.0 million in 2015, 
despite a US$34.2 million increase in cash paid for interest and the US$37.3
million increase in acquisition-related costs associated with the Tumi acquisition.
Net working capital efficiency of 12.6% was a slight deterioration on 2015, mainly
due to the addition of Tumi, but this will be subject to various improvement
initiatives in coming months. At year-end, the Group had a net debt position of
US$1,571.2 million and following the refinancing of the Senior Credit Facilities
in February 2017, our cash interest cost is expected to fall by approximately
$16.0 million in the first year. Clearly the reduced financing costs will contribute
positively to post-acquisition earnings per share.
Your Board continues to follow a progressive dividend policy that broadly links
payments to increases in earnings. During the year, profit attributable to the equity
holders (excluding the non-cash income tax benefit recognized upon liquidation of
the U.S. pension plan) rose by 3.3% on a constant currency basis. The Board has
therefore recommended a cash distribution to shareholders for 2017 of US$97.0
million, an increase of 4.3% on the previous year, and representing approximately
US$0.0687 per share.
As ever, Ramesh and his dedicated executive team have turned in a performance
of great resilience in the face of indifferent trading conditions, and have laid the
foundations for further long-term growth. I would like to thank them all, and
especially the finance team under Kyle Gendreau, who has done so much to get
a complex transaction completed, but also on obtaining the most favourable
financing terms possible. I would like to pay tribute also to the work of Fabio
Rugarli, who returns to Italy after running our European business successfully
since 2009, and to wish Arne Borrey, his successor, every good fortune. During
the year, we also said goodbye to Miguel Ko, who stepped down from the Board
as a result of growing commitments in his home territory of Singapore. He has
been a genuine heavyweight in the Boardroom, and we will miss him. However, it
is with great pleasure that we welcome Jerome Griffith, the former CEO of Tumi,
and currently of Lands’ End. His credentials in terms of industry knowledge and
successful operating performance need no further elaboration.
In closing, I would note that 2016 was a year of political surprises, and 2017 may
be no different. However, the world will carry on traveling, and this will drive our
business forward. I am fully confident that we end this year even better equipped
to meet the needs of our customers on the move, with a full array of brands,
exciting and extensive product ranges, the most comprehensive distribution
channel coverage and in almost every country of the world.
Timothy Charles Parker
Chairman
March 15, 2017