CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
In 2016, the real estate industry has been heated up with the support of destocking policy and continuous liquidity easing. The heat
has spread from tier 1 cities and some tier 2 cities with imbalance supply and demand to other major tier 2 cities and surrounding
cities of tier 1 cities, most of which showed a status of simultaneous growth in quantity and price. Meanwhile, the trading price of
lands in hotspot cities also kept surging and hit record high in most cities. The Company has set aside adequate supply for achieving
rapid growth in sales amount, and at the same time acquired numerous quality land bank in existing cities and new tapped intocities
by accurately levering financing windows with ample liquidity to get plenty of low cost funds, thereby rapidly completing our
nationwide deployment in tier 1 cities and surrounding cities of tier 1 cities and core cities in the PRC, laying a solid foundation for
our future sound and sustainable development.
Rapid Growth in Sales and Further Rise in Industry Ranking to No.7
In 2016, contracted sales of the Company for the year reached approximately RMB150,627.6 million, a year-on-year increase
of approximately 120.8%; our industry ranking continued to maintain steady rise for years to reach No.7 among the peers; and
interest-based sales also achieved a year-on-year increase of approximately 139.1% to reach approximately RMB103,959.3 million,
breaking through RMB100 billion for the first time.
Accurate Judgement and Seizing of Historical Opportunities to Acquire Numerous Quality Land bank and Effectively Complete
the Nationwide Deployment
In 2016, the Company continued to evaluate the macroeconomics and monetary policies and thoroughly studied and grasped the
supply-demand status of various cities. Riding on our reputation, brand and capability in the merger and acquisition market with
cash flow security as prerequisite, we by-passed the overheated market and successfully tapped into Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Foshan,
Dongguan, Zhengzhou, Xiamen, Qingdao, Nanning and Kunming in due course, rapidly completing our nationwide deployment in
tier 1 cities, surrounding cities of tier 1 cities and core cities in the PRC. As of the end of 2016, the Company had projects in 44 cities
with total land bank of approximately 72.91 million sq.m. and attributable land bank of approximately 49.73 million sq.m. Adequate
land bank and a balanced urban layout have laid the solid foundation for the stable and better development of the Company in the
future.
Financial soundness, ample liquidity and reducing finance costs through ongoing debt structure optimization using market
windows
While our business maintained steady growth and we have completed a quality nationwide layout, our financial position also
continued to remain sound with ample liquidity. As of the end of 2016, carrying amount of cash of the Company reached
approximately RMB69,812.7 million, representing a coverage ratio for short term borrowings of over 200%. In 2016, effectively
capturing the policies and the market window for issuance of domestic corporate bonds, the Company successfully issued domestic
corporate bonds and ABS of RMB22.5 billion at low cost to replace its historical higher cost financing, further optimizing the debt
structure and lowering the overall financing cost. As of the end of 2016, the weighted average finance costs of the Company
decreased to approximately 5.98% from approximately 7.60% in 2015, with weighted average finance costs for new borrowings
having decreased to approximately 5.78% for the full year.
Outlook for 2017
The control policies against the real estate industry starting from the fourth quarter of 2016 will continue to be strengthened.
The Company expects that in 2017 the upward momentum of property price in most cities will be gradually restrained, while the
property price of cities with healthy supply and demand relationship will not fluctuate significantly as a result of tightened control.
The Company will leverage on the ample and optimally distributed inventories available for sale to increase the sell-through rate,
ensure the stable and rapid growth in sales, and respond to market volatility with sufficient cash. In the land market, as the land
price in most cities continued to rise rapidly, the chance of acquiring lands with the right prices has declined rapidly from the fourth
quarter of 2016. The Company will continue to remain cautious, carefully observe the market and patiently wait for the opportunity.
In 2017, the Company will further consolidate its capacity of meticulous management in the eight major regions of management, so
as to support the continuous enhancement of its profitability with higher operational efficiency, better optimized cost management
as well as higher premium of products and brands.
Sunac China Holdings Limited
SUN Hongbin
Chairman of the Board
27 March 2017