Chairman s Statement This is the fi rst set of full-year results since Samsonite s listing on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in June 2011, and I am delighted to report a strong performance across all of our markets, and excellent year-on-year growth in sales in both the Samsonite and American Tourister brands.
The listing of Samsonite on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange was a turning point for the Company: it signaled a new chapter for our products and our people, and helped take us another step forward in our ambition to increase the global visibility of our brand.
Despite the emergence of the Eurozone crisis in the middle of last year, global travel numbers continued their advance across all regions, which clearly had a positive impact on the sales of our travel products in particular. The Company s total net sales increased by 28.8% to a record US$1,565.1 million in 2011, and net sales of travel products increased by 33.9%. If we exclude the net sales attributable to the Lacoste and Timberland licensing agreements, which were terminated at the end of 2010, then net sales increased by US$399.1 million, or 34.4%, an even stronger performance. Net sales of Lacoste and Timberland products accounted for only 0.3% of total sales in 2011, versus 4.4% in 2010, and will no longer have a material impact on 2012 performance.
The Company s profi t attributable to equity holders in 2011 was US$86.7 million, substantially ahead of the forecast of US$64.2 million included in the prospectus prepared in connection with the Company s listing in June.
If we look at the Company s reported profi t attributable to equity holders for the year, on a like-for-like basis, it is useful for comparison purposes to adjust for the impact of some non-recurring costs and non-cash items. Of these adjustments, the most signifi cant item is the reversal required by accounting standards of US$379.8 million in 2010 of certain impairments originally recorded in 2008.
The other material item requiring adjustment was US$24.8 million in expenses related to our IPO. If one does not adjust for these non-recurring costs and non-cash items, our reported net income result does not refl ect an accurate picture of the strength of the underlying business and the excellent results that have been achieved. After making the necessary adjustments, our net income increased by 29.6% to US$136.8 million in 2011. If we also exclude the effect of the termination of the Lacoste and Timberland licensing agreements, the percentage increase in this adjusted net income was substantially higher at 
The Company s total net sales increased by 28.8% to a record US$1,565.1 million in 2011.
The Company s profi t attributable to equity holders in 2011 was US$86.7 million, substantially ahead of the forecast of US$64.2 million included in the prospectus.
Earnings per share on an adjusted basis increased from US$0.08 per share in 2010 to US$0.10 per share in 2011. In light of our strong results and in line with our intention of maintaining a progressive dividend policy as expressed in the listing prospectus, the Board recommended that a cash distribution in the amount of approximately US$30.0 million, or US$0.02132 per share, be made to the Company s shareholders.
The Company s outstanding results for the full year 2011 are due to a number of factors including, as previously mentioned, the continuing growth in global travel. In fact, international tourist arrivals grew over 4% in 2011 to 980 million and are expected to grow at 3%-4% to reach 1 billion in 2012, according to the latest UNWTO World Tourism Barometer. Internally, we have also worked hard on bringing new products to market that are much better targeted at meeting the differing consumer preferences in each region.
Over the past two years, we have revolutionzed the Company s product lines to ensure that they refl ect local consumer tastes as well as include a range of offerings at key price points relevant to our two main brands, Samsonite and American Tourister. In addition, we have continued to develop innovative designs that meet our customers continuously evolving requirements for lighter, stronger and more maneuverable luggage. We have supported these R&D initiatives with an increased investment in marketing worldwide to strengthen brand visibility in an otherwise fragmented global luggage market. As a result of these strategies, we have not only benefi ted from growth in global travel, but we have also increased our market share in many key regions.
Samsonite, our core brand, continues to underpin the Company s performance worldwide, with net sales increasing by 33.3% to US$1,223.4 million in 2011. Our entry-level brand, American Tourister, captured strong momentum in Asia, where most of the brand s sales growth of 55.1% to US$249.9 million was achieved in 2011.
Samsonite, our core brand, continues to underpin the Company s performance worldwide, with net sales increasing by 33.3% to US$1,223.4 million in 2011.
Our entry-level brand, American Tourister, captured strong momentum in Asia, where most of the brand s sales growth of 55.1% to US$249.9 million was achieved in 2011.
During the full year 2011, the Company recorded solid sales growth across all four of our regions of Asia, North America, Europe and Latin America.
A key factor contributing to this result is our decentralized marketing, sales, product development and sourcing functions which allow us not only to ensure that we closely consider customer preferences when designing products for each region but also enable decisions to be made more quickly and closer to where the impact will be felt. A decentralized structure is particularly important as consumer tastes and distribution channels for luggage products vary signifi cantly across regions and even from country to country within a region.
In 2011, Samsonite s business in Asia benefi ted from the growth of the emerging middle class, increasing levels of disposable income and the continuing growth in travel, making the region our largest, fastest growing and most profi table.
Net sales in Asia increased by a positive 48.1% (excluding the impact of Lacoste and Timberland), driven by China and India where the American Tourister brand plays a central role in our strategy of recruiting new adopters of international brands at an affordable price. Net sales in China and India increased by 57.4% and 41.1%, respectively, while the more mature markets of Japan and South Korea also saw encouraging sales growth of 42.3% and 50.3%, respectively, in 2011. It is worth pointing out that the Company had its best year in Australia, and although the base is presently small, we have great expectations for the Indonesian market in coming years. In Asia, our sales strategy is a more retail-oriented model, with a high proportion of sales being made through our own stores, through concessions we operate in department stores, or through preferred dealers who operate Samsonite-branded retail stores. In this context, it is noteworthy that we added over 400 points of sale in this region during 2011, bringing the total points of sale to over 5,600 outlets. Over the coming years we expect Asia to remain our most important geography fueled by rising incomes and an increasing desire for people in this region to travel.

In the more mature regions of North America (which includes the United States and Canada) and Europe, we fared very well in 2011, a testament to the resilience of our brands. Net sales in North America increased by 29.7% (excluding Lacoste and Timberland) despite the highly competitive nature of this market. Our success in North America has been due in large part to the signifi cant changes we have made to the overall design of our products and the depth of our product range to accommodate evolving consumer needs. In addition, we worked closely with our key retail customers in this market over the course of 2011 to ensure that they have appropriately tailored products to meet margin and price-point requirements. Our Company-owned retail stores in outlet centers across North America have also enjoyed a very strong year with like-for-like growth of 25.4% in 2011 (on a constant currency basis).
Our European business posted an excellent year-on-year increase in sales of 27.6% (excluding Lacoste and Timberland) despite the Eurozone crisis. It is important to note that our business in most of the European markets has been relatively insulated from the impact of the crisis, particularly in markets such as Greece and Portugal where the Company currently has a small amount of turnover. Our sales growth in the region was led by Germany and France, which clocked an increase of 30.9% and 26.6%, respectively, followed by Italy and Spain. Italy and Spain, which together account for just under a quarter of the Company s European sales, posted solid sales growth of 17.8% (excluding Lacoste and Timberland which had a bigger impact on Italy) and 14.8%, respectively. Much of the success of our European business has been due to three very strong product ranges: Cosmolite and Cubelite, which use Curv material, and B-Lite, a range of super-light soft luggage.
The Company s net sales in Latin America increased 23.5% (excluding Lacoste and Timberland), driven by Chile and Mexico (which together account for just under three-quarters of our business in the region) where sales were up by 25.0% and 19.3%, respectively. In Argentina, sales were largely unchanged at US$14.2 million from the previous year due to government restrictions on imports imposed in 2011.
Travel products are the Company s traditional strength and largest product category by far, currently accounting for 75.8% of the Company s net sales at US$1,186.7 million in 2011, an increase of 33.9% compared to 2010. We continue to launch innovative products for travel, with the highlights of last year being the Cubelite addition to the Curv range, the extension of the B-Lite range (including a successful North American derivative) and the launch of a new Hybrid concept, offering the best features of both hard-side and soft- side luggage. Special mention must be made of the Company s achievement in reaching 1 million units sold of our Cosmolite hard-sided suitcases at the end of the year.

In 2011 we also continued to make excellent progress with the business and casual categories, in which the Company has been historically under- represented. Net sales in the business product category increased by 71.8% to US$189.6 million in 2011, while net sales in the casual product category increased by 32.4% in 2011 excluding Lacoste and Timberland. Our performance has been strong in these categories across all regions, buoyed by an increased focus on developing innovative products and ranges to suit local customer preferences. Also worth mentioning is the accessories category where the Company has taken several licenses back in-house and achieved net sales of US$70.8 million, a year-on-year increase of 41.0%.
Over the course of 2011, the Company remained consistent with its strategy of increasing marketing spend broadly in line with sales as we are convinced that the global recognition of our brands is a major source of competitive advantage and an important driver of the long run profi tability of our business.
Investment in marketing increased over the year by 19.9% to US$122.8 million, and currently stands at 7.8% of net sales. Over time, we expect to raise the marketing spend behind our brands signifi cantly in absolute terms and broadly in line with sales growth.
For the future, we remain optimistic in our ability to preserve current gross margin levels despite inevitable infl ationary pressure on costs resulting from higher prices of commodity goods and labor which will be felt by all players in the market. While we are confi dent that we can continue to factor in a signifi cant proportion of these cost increases into our product pricing, we are working closely with our manufacturing partners to improve their cost effectiveness as well as reviewing new sources for inputs and production. We have successfully doubled the capacity of our plant in Szekszard, Hungary and are poised to introduce new lines to our Curv range.
At the half-year, we noted that inventories had risen to support increased service levels and new product introductions. In 2011, our inventory days were virtually unchanged from last year at 118 days compared to 117 days in 2010.
Capital expenditure increased from US$29.6 million in 2010 to US$37.2 million in 2011, mainly due to investment in the plant extension in Hungary. The Company expects to increase investment in expanding our retail distribution channel, particularly in Asia, over the next few years, and envisage a sustainable level of around US$40 million in annual capital expenditure in the future. Next year s capital expenditure budget is approximately US$43 million.
Following the Company s listing, we used a portion of our IPO proceeds and cash-in-hand to repay debt. The strong cash fl ows generated by the business have contributed to a healthy balance sheet and a net cash position of US$126.2 million at the end of 2011, providing us with a solid platform for future growth.
Given the excellent results achieved by the Company in 2011, we will continue to maintain the course of our existing strategy, which is to: " leverage the strength of the Company s brands, Samsonite and American 
" tailor our products to meet local requirements, while staying true to our core values of lightness, strength and innovation; " improve the effi ciency and effectiveness of our supply chain and global 
" increase our marketing and R&D investment broadly in line with worldwide 
" deploy increased levels of resources to improve our market share of business and casual products and accessories, where the Company is under-represented; 
" focus on achieving growth organically, while considering acquisition opportunities with a compelling strategic and fi nancial rationale as they arise.
Following a diffi cult period in the global economy, there are signs that some stabilization is beginning to take hold. As mentioned previously, most markets in Europe have been relatively resilient, with only a few being signifi cantly affected by sovereign debt problems. Asia and most of Latin America continue to shine, and the US economy seems to be in a steady recovery. As the global economy stabilizes, we expect global travel to continue to grow, and with that the global market for luggage. Indeed, the global luggage market is forecast to grow by 5% CAGR to reach US$31.6 billion in retail sales value by 2015 1 . We believe we will be able to capture much of this growth as a result of our continuing investment in new technology, our brands and distribution network. With our solid balance sheet, proven strategy and effective execution, the Company is well placed to implement its growth plans and to further reinforce its position as the global market leader in travel goods.
Finally, I would like to pay tribute to all of my colleagues in the many countries we trade in, and in all departments of the Company; without their unstinting support and hard work, we would not have been able to achieve these results, and we look forward to maintaining this positive trend in the future.
Timothy Charles Parker 
Hong Kong, March 27, 2012 