CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
The year 2014 was the beginning of the second decade of the Company. During the year, the PRC economy and real estate industry sustained relatively high pressure. Our insistence on regional focus and high-end quality development strategy, and the contribution from our industrious management team have given us strength, enabling the Company to calmly respond to an unsatisfactory operating environment and maintain a stable development. Every aspect of our business operation has achieved satisfactory results.
Outstanding achievement of every operation targets and continuously strengthening the leading position in areas of business focus In 2014, Despite the decrease in consolidated revenue and gross profit, revenue and gross profit of the equity attributable to the Company s owners maintained a stable growth owing to a constant increase in contribution from the Company s joint venture projects. The core profit amounted to RMB 3.73 billion. In 2014, the Company s debt structure continued to improve with its long-term liabilities increased continuously.
The carrying amount of cash balance reached RMB 25 billion and the net debt ratio also decreased to 44.5%, representing an extremely low level. In terms of sales, the Company realized RMB 65.8 billion of contract sales, which was the first time among the industry top ten. In the meantime, the Company has also consolidated its leading position in the focused cities, taking the lead in Shanghai, Tianjin, Chongqing and Wuxi in terms of sales amount and among the top 5 in Beijing, Suzhou 
Stable and outstanding operating results, and constant optimization of debt structure have enabled a continuous decrease in the finance cost of the 
Despite the relentless fluctuation in the real estate market, the operating results of the Company maintained a stable growth for a number of consecutive years, its dominance in each of its key cities continued to strengthen, and the gearing benchmark continued to improve as well. All these have earned the Company recognition and support from a growing number of financial institutions, and contributed to a constant decrease in finance cost. In 2014, the weighted-average finance cost of the Company decreased from 10.0% in 2013 to 9.1%; the weighted-average refinance cost decreased from 8.3% in 2013 to 7.6%. A decrease in finance cost is conducive to an increase in the profit level of the Company in the future.
Concentrating on existing regions while prudently replenishing with quality land 
In 2014, it became a consensus to most of the industry players to determine that the real estate market was on a trend of differentiation since a large amount of capital was being poured into tier 1 and 2 core cities to compete for new lands, which kept the land prices in these cities at a high level and contributed to a rising land price. Under such a circumstance, the Company is actively seeking various opportunities while always maintaining caution. Leveraging on its dominance in these cities and the multitude of experience accumulated over the years of development, the Company has acquired 12 pieces of quality land at reasonable prices, incorporating 3.49 million square meters of land into our reserve. Grasping existing regional opportunities actively and cautiously, the Company also keeps looking for new regions and new cities with potential, in order to get prepared well for future expansion into new cities.
Outlook for 2015 In 2015, the PRC economy is still encountering a lot of difficulties. However, given the increasing governmental efforts in reform and the gradual implementation of reform measures, the Company is full of confidence in the PRC economy in the long run. Although the economic growth slackened, the quality of which will be enhanced continuously. Such is more important to the long-term healthy development of the real estate industry. In 2015, the Company is of the view that the operating environment of the real estate industry will improve significantly, relative to 2014, especially in terms of macro- control policy and financing environment. However, it does not support the view of a bigger magnitude of growth in 2015.
The Company believes that the whole market will keep stable, and that differentiation in different regions with imbalanced demand and supply will still continue, so will the industry consolidation and elimination of players. The medium and large developers with good regional layout, good products and brands will enjoy more distinct advantages, and their market shares will continue to grow.
Sunac China Holdings Limited 
Chairman of the Board 23 March 2015 