Chairman s Statement 
2013 is our 10th Anniversary. As in the past, the Company hereby presents to you the satisfactory results exceeding the various operating targets set for 2013.
Most importantly, satisfactory outcome was obtained for the further consolidation of its advantageous position in the focused first tier and second tier core cities, the on-going optimization of the Company s capabilities in premium land acquisition and the product system of premium quality and high inventory turnover and further enhancement of the financial institution credit, which laid a solid foundation for the persistent and healthy development of the Company 
Excellent Achievement of Various Operating Targets and Further Consolidation of Leading Position in Focused Cities In 2013, the Company s operation had outstanding performance: The core profit reached RMB3.523 billion representing an increase of 28.8% from 2012 with on-going optimization of the debt structure and continuous decline in financing cost. The net gearing ratio also dropped significantly to 69.7%.
The Company s sales maintained the rapid and stable growth to achieve the contract sales amounting to RMB54.7 billion exceeding the target for the whole year. The ranking of sales scale in the PRC real estate industry also maintained its rise trend for consecutive years to No. 11 in 2013 from No.12 in 2012. In addition to the Company s excellent overall results, its leading position in the focused cities was also consolidated and upgraded: No. 1 in terms of the sales of commercial residential buildings in Beijing; No. 1 in terms of the property developers sales for three consecutive years in Tianjin; No. 3 in in terms of the property developers sales in Shanghai; No. 2 in terms of the property developers sales in Chongqing; No. 1 in terms of the property developers sales for three consecutive years in Wuxi. Big property developers gathered in these cities which were their focus of contention subject to extremely intensified competition. The excellent results secured by the Company have further realized the on-going enhancement of its competition advantage.
Perfect Development Control System in Support of the Company s Acquisition of Premium 
In 2013, as a result of the on-going differentiation of the real estate market, many counterparts began to re-examine the regional layout. The return to the first tier and second tier cities has become the industry consensus. The competition in the land market of the first tier and second tier cities subject to the long-lasting in-depth exploration of the Company has become keener, with an obvious price increase. Under such circumstances, the Company on the premise of ensuring the safe cash flow and the controllable gearing ratio has studied and decided on 340 projects available for selection. After prudent selection, the Company has obtained 19 parcels of premium land in compliance with its strategy resulting in the addition of more than 9 million sq. m. of land reserves. These parcels of land were located in the five regions, that is, Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, Chongqing and Hangzhou where the Company conducted in-depth exploration. Though the land markets in these cities were in heated competition, the Company, by virtue of its predominance of having focused in-depth exploration in these cities and the systematic workflow of land acquisition and the decision-making mechanism, has managed to ensure the premium quality and reasonable prices of the land acquired. Meanwhile, the advantageous position of the Company in these cities also attracted many substantial cooperation partners to have joint investment with the Company in new projects, which drastically reduced the Company s capital expenditure on land. While focusing on the current cities in the acquisition of land, the Company has also conducted the in-depth study of new cities with potentials to make sufficient preparation for future development.
Persistently Upgrading the Capability of Creating Products Featuring Premium Quality and High 
The Company has all along emphasized the enhancement of product quality, and, in line with insisting on the continuous enhancement of product quality, required that the product must comply with the requirements of the local clients and the project must be operated at high efficiency in order to assure the fulfilment of high inventory turnover. The Company has already possessed the optimal system for the operation, management and decision- making of the projects, and the capability of research and development in support of the products featuring premium quality and high inventory turnover. In 2013, the Company implemented a lot of work to further enhance its system capability of creating the products with premium quality and high inventory turnover, including the availability of diversified product lines with high-precision positioning for the targeted clients, the launch of the comprehensive implementation of the third party s quality assessment and the survey on the level of the client s satisfaction, coupled with the inclusion of the outcome in the appraisal system. In 2013, the Company promoted several premium quality projects highly acclaimed by the clients in the market of each city, which assured the fulfilment of its sales target, and also further enhanced its reputation amidst its clients.
Obvious Enhancement of the Company s Credit Standing with Strategic Support from Financial 
In 2013, following the on-going differentiation of the performance in the real estate market, the differentiation also existed in the financial institution s support for the enterprises. Though the overall financing environment was comparatively tense, the financial institutions did not reduce their support for good cities, good companies and good projects. The on-going influx of credit funds to the premium resources has become the trend. The predominance of the Company s excellent results and regional focus strategy has enabled the Company to make breakthrough in its financing capability. With the Company s on-going credit enhancement, the number of financial institutions offering accreditation and support was on the rise, coupled with the establishment of headquarters to headquarters and cooperation relationship with numerous banks. It provides assurance of the financing line of the Company under the comparatively tense situation of its funds on the whole and the decrease in the financing cost. In addition, the Company also completed a financing deal of foreign syndicated loans in 2013, which further explored the overseas low cost financing channel for the Company.
Outlook for 2014 In 2014, the PRC economy confronted with numerous difficulties and uncertainties. However, the Company is of the opinion that following the continuous launch of reform measures by the new government, the overall economy is still capable of maintaining the comparatively stable growth. Despite the likely decrease of the growth rate, the government s increasing concern with the quality of the economic growth and the efforts made will be more favorable to the long term healthy and on-going stable growth of the PRC economy. The Company considers it very difficult to maintain the growth momentum in the real estate market of the previous year in 2014. However the cities and regional markets with good demand and supply relationship will remain stable and healthy. The market differentiation will be aggravated further. The level of industry concentration will continue to rise. The medium and large developers with good brands, good products and reasonable layout will have better chance of development.
2014 is the beginning of the second decade of the Company. The accumulation in the past decade has provided us with the foundation and numerous strongholds of maintaining healthy development and on-going advancement.
In 2014, we will continue to insist on the Company s development strategy of regional focus and the in-depth exploration of the current cities while prudently selecting several new cities and further optimizing the regional layout. We will continue to insist on the Company s high-end quality strategy and the production of high-end quality products in line with the local market. We will insist on the operation mode of high inventory turnover, persist on the high inventory turnover with quality, profit and safe cash flow, and insist on supporting the high inventory turnover with quality, product capability, service quality and clients acclamation, in order to create the business and decision-making system in support of high inventory turnover.
Sunac China Holdings Limited 
Chairman of the Board 24 March 2014 