We are positive about our business outlook in the medium to long run despite short-term 
We will further enhance our sales and marketing programmes to cater to customer demands that are largely driven by festive celebrations and special occasions.

Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group Limited is pleased with its performance over the financial year 20122013 ( FY2013 ), a year full of uncertainties and challenges. In particular, the economic growth in the Mainland of China and the retail market across Greater China experienced a slowdown due to the sluggish global economy, which in turn impacted the luxury sector. Amid all the economic turbulences and market fluctuations, we continued to implement our business strategies successfully and maintained our leadership position in the market. The Group achieved record sales during the year, and opened a net 209 POS, consistent with our retail network development plan of reaching 2,000 POS by the end of FY2014.
The Group recorded a revenue CAGR of 28.0% from FY2011 to FY2013, an indication that our business is on track for sustainable development. In FY2013, the Group registered total revenue of HK$57,433.9 million, representing a 1.5% modest growth year-on-year, after an extraordinarily high growth in FY2012.
During the year under review, we continued to invest in organisational infrastructure, staff development, brand building, product innovation, production facilities, and our self-developed information technology system to further enhance our business operations, management system and corporate governance standards. Due to these investments and the expenditure on opening new POS, our profit attributable to shareholders of the Company declined 13.2% year-on-year to HK$5,505.3 million, yet, we saw a CAGR of 24.7% over the three years from FY2011 to FY2013.
Earnings per share were HK55.1 cents (FY2012: HK68.5 cents). The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK16.0 cents per share (FY2012: HK10.0 cents). Combined with the interim dividend of HK6.0 cents per share, the total annual dividend is HK22.0 cents per share, representing a dividend payout ratio of approximately 40.0%.
At the end of March 2013, the number of our POS totalled 1,836, with an increase of 209 POS or 12.8% from the last financial year. Of the 1,836 POS, 94.3% are located in the Mainland of China. Our overall Same Store Sales ( SSS ) recorded a decrease of 3.3% from FY2012, when we recorded an increase of 40.3%. This year s decrease was attributable to a number of reasons, including a slowdown in high-end luxury jewellery sales and the weak retail sentiment in the Mainland of China, especially during the National Day holidays last October.

Both Same Store Sales Growth ( SSSG ) and POS growth will continue to be the key drivers supporting our medium to long term development.
Growing sales in existing stores involves expanding retail floor area and optimising product offerings to capture different customer groups of varied purchasing power. SSSG also requires enhancing our sales and marketing programmes to cater to customer demands that are largely driven by festive celebrations and special occasions. We will also continue to strengthen our membership programme to grow a larger, more stable customer base that will generate repeat purchases and member referrals to friends and relatives.
The Group s POS expansion plan will continue to focus on Tier III and lower tier cities in the Mainland of China where the people there have longed for modern shopping facilities and enhanced shopping experience in recent years, thanks to accelerated urbanisation and rising incomes. We will continue to strategically partner with department stores and take advantage of the growing popularity of shopping malls as the preferred shopping destinations across the country, particularly in Tier I and Tier II cities. We will review our POS opening plan from time to time in the light of changing macro-economic and local market trends.
Our investment in various e-commerce tools and platforms will continue along with greater e-marketing efforts in order to capture the huge market potential attributable to the continual robust growth of online shopping, particularly among the young customers, as evidenced by an almost threefold growth in revenue year-on-year. The Group believes these investments will pay off, as we will enjoy not only online sales growth but also the online-to-offline synergy that brings shoppers to our bricks and 
We have also set up a Reform and Development Committee and a Risk Management Committee in furtherance of the Group s effort to monitor and manage business operations and performance, identify strategic opportunities and anticipated risks. The Committees have already made recommendations to the Board, including the improvement of management information system and production and logistics technology to further enhance product design and craftsmanship, shorten production lead-time and speed up delivery; as well as the enrichment of human resources development programme with enhanced staff training and employee incentive and reward schemes. Many effective measures are already in place and appropriate actions being taken.

Chow Tai Fook is proud to have become a constituent stock of both the Hang Seng Mainland 100 Index and the Hang Seng China 50 Index since June and September 2012, respectively. Inclusion in these indices came shortly after the Group was listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong in December 2011 and became the world s largest pure-play jeweller by market capitalisation.
In November 2012, Chow Tai Fook entered into a two-year strategic agreement with Alrosa of Russia, one of the world s three largest diamond miners and producers, to further secure our huge advantage in the procurement of rough diamonds from direct, reliable sources.

We successfully launched a brand new membership programme in September 2012 in Hong Kong and Macau. Our membership programme is a core part of our customer relations management for building customer loyalty, generating repeat purchases and attracting new customers. As at 31 March 2013, we have over 1 million members in Hong Kong, Macau and the Mainland of China.
Last but not least, our exclusive auction dinners, namely Stars in the Starlight and Ombre di Milano held in April 2012 and May 2013, respectively, were well attended and greatly applauded by the prestigious members and guests who were invited. The success of these events helps differentiate ourselves as a world-class high-end luxury jeweller from local peers, by showcasing the Group s wealthy collection of rare precious gemstones, sophisticated design and exquisite craftsmanship.

Looking ahead, we are positive about our business outlook in the medium to long run despite short-term market volatilities, such as the outbreak of H7N9 avian flu in Eastern China, the intensification of inter-Korean relations, and the gold rush in Hong Kong and the Mainland of China following a plunge of gold price recently. With our responsive market approach and prudent gold hedging policy, we are well-positioned to meet challenges and move 
The Mainland of China remains our largest market. After its smooth transition of power in March 2013, the new government set a target of 7.5% GDP growth for calendar year 2013. As the Mainland of China continues to prosper, we are confident that the luxury market of the country is promising and Chow Tai Fook, being a market leader across the region and a preferred jewellery brand to many Mainland Chinese, will definitely benefit.
We are also optimistic that jewellery demand in Hong Kong, from both locals and tourists, will rise as the city remains an international financial hub and a leading regional jewellery centre. Equipped with first-class logistics, infrastructures and retail services, Hong Kong will continue to enjoy a growing number of inbound tourists to sustain its retail and service industry 
The Group s success is inseparable from the support and contribution of our staff, shareholders, customers, business partners and the communities in which we operate. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our deepest gratitude. I would also like to extend my thanks to the fellow members of the Board for their inspiring leadership and active contribution to our business.
Dr. Cheng Kar-shun, Henry 
Hong Kong, 18 June 2013 
