1.3 CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Sands China s profi t for the year ended December 31, 2011 was US$1,133.1 million, up from US$666.5 million in 2010, a dramatic increase of 70.0%.
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Sands China Ltd. ( Sands China or the Company ), I am pleased to report to you at the conclusion of another very successful year. In the year 2011, our second year as a company listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, we achieved many important fi nancial and operating objectives. Our business once again realized strong revenue, cash fl ow and earnings growth during the year and delivered signifi cantly enhanced equity market value for you, our shareholders. The strong balance sheet, cash fl ows and financial performance of the Company allowed the Board of Directors to declare on January 31, 2012 an interim dividend of HK$0.58 per share and to recommend on April 20, 2012 a final dividend of HK$0.58 per share, which is subject to approval by Shareholders in the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.
Importantly, the benefits of our Integrated Resort business model extend far beyond our own financial success. The Company’s
properties and service offerings continue to enhance Macao’s appeal as a business and leisure tourism destination, help
diversify Macao’s economy, and provide meaningful employment opportunities for the residents of Macao. While we are
pleased to have again delivered record fi nancial and operating results for the year, we are equally pleased to have been able
to contribute to Macao’s success in achieving its objectives of growing its business and leisure tourism industry, diversifying its
economy and providing employment opportunities for the residents of Macao.
Our Macao properties — Sands Macao, The Venetian Macao and the Four Seasons Hotel Macao and the Plaza Casino — all
generated strong growth in revenue, operating income and profi t attributable to Sands China shareholders. This was achieved
through higher gaming volumes across our property portfolio, coupled with growth in non-gaming revenue from our hotel,
retail, mall and convention businesses, each of which are critical components of our Integrated Resort business model. As a
result, our adjusted property EBITDA reached a record US$434.2 million with adjusted property EBITDA margin reaching a
market leading 33.5% in the fourth quarter of 2011.
In April this year, we opened the fi rst phase of Sands Cotai Central, our latest development on the Cotai Strip and the largest
Integrated Resort development in the Company’s history. Sands Cotai Central will add substantial scale to the Cotai Strip and
will include the introduction of 5,800 additional hotel rooms, as well as meaningful entertainment, retail and meeting and
convention capacity. Visitation to Macao increased to over 28 million people in 2011 compared to 25 million in 2010, and
just 12 million in 2003 — the year before we opened the Sands Macao. We are proud to have contributed to that increasing
visitation to Macao, and I am confi dent that the introduction of the additional non-gaming offerings at Sands Cotai Central
on the Cotai Strip will be an important contributor to Macao’s future success in achieving its full potential as an international
leisure and business destination.
Our business strategy remains straightforward: complete the successful execution of our Cotai Strip developments and leverage
our Integrated Resort business model to become, in terms of business and leisure destinations, a World Leader. We are
extremely proud of the contributions that our Sands China management and team members have made during the year.
We look forward to further reporting to our shareholders at the Annual General Meeting on the effective management of the
Company’s business and assets and upon the continued delivery of value to you and other stakeholders.
I thank you again for the confi dence that you have placed in us.
Sheldon G. Adelson
Chairman of the Board
Hong Kong, April 20, 2012