Chow Tai Fook jewellery represents the best that money can buy.
We excel at providing Chinese customers exactly what they are 
Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group Limited is a leading jewellery company with the origins tracing back to 1929. After over 80 years in business as a private company, Chow Tai Fook was successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 15 December 2011, in what was one of the largest IPOs in Hong Kong and globally last year. Chow Tai Fook became the largest listed pure play jeweller in the world by market capitalisation, and since listing we have actually gained market share in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau, where we were already market leaders.
Chow Tai Fook is a homegrown iconic Chinese luxury brand that is widely known and sought after, not to mention highly trusted, giving consumers full confidence that our products are of the highest quality and authenticity.
Chow Tai Fook jewellery represents the best that money can buy. Our motto of sincerity " eternity has guided us all these years and means even more today as we strive for transparency, best-in-class corporate governance, and long-term sustainable growth that will serve us well for our next 80 years and beyond. Our listing was the logical next step forward for the Company. With our strong professional management, a committed board setting strategic direction, and ample funds raised from global investors who share our confidence in the untapped potential of the Chinese jewellery market, we are well poised to deliver on these goals.
I am pleased to report a total revenue of HK$56,571.1 million for FY2012, which represents a robust growth of 61.4% over the same period last year.
Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company increased by 79.2% to HK$6,340.6 million with an earnings per share of HK68.5 cents. The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK10.0 cents per share to reward our shareholders.
We regard the main drivers for our sustainable growth to be POS expansion and Same Store Sales Growth, or in other words, acquiring new customers and encouraging repeat purchases.
At the end of March 2012, the number of our POS totalled 1,627, an increase of 19.8% or 269 POS over the total number of jewellery and watch POS a year earlier. Of the 1,627 POS, 1,532 or 94.2% are located in Mainland China.
Our overall Same Store Sales Growth was 40.3% in FY2012 compared to 33.8% in FY2011. Growth in market share has also been a key to our success.
According to the Frost & Sullivan Report, our market share grew from 12.6% in 2010 to 14.4% in 2011 in Mainland China and from 20.1% to 21.4% in Hong Kong and Macau in that same period.
Looking ahead, expansion of our retail network inland and into lower tier cities in Mainland China, where there is still huge potential and we are far ahead of our peers, is the key to our continued sustainable growth. With our POS opening experience and track record, we have well exceeded previous targets and we expect to reach a total of 2,000 POS by the end of FY2014, which is earlier than planned. Our even stronger financial position post-IPO enables us to adjust inventory levels in these POS to meet demand and also to open more outlets in Tier II to IV cities such as Chengdu, Chongqing, Xi an, Nanning, Urumqi and Guiyang, where we see growth opportunities.
Domestic consumption is still rising in inland and lower tier cities and we believe their economies are particularly resilient to slowdown.
In addition, we plan to expand the gross floor area in certain carefully selected existing POS to increase our Same Store Sales Growth by optimising our product and collection offerings, such as the Bao Bao Family Collection and the The Perfect One Wedding Collection . Going forward, we have plans to introduce our designer collections, through innovative marketing campaigns and events, including the roll out of an enhanced tiered customer loyalty programme across Hong Kong and Mainland China.
We are also committed to building shareholder value and returns. With a focus on effective and tight control, our sophisticated vertically integrated business model sets us apart from our peers, and enables us to further improve our profitability.
Our model gives us direct preferential access to source the most sought after raw materials, such as diamonds. Coupled with our own production facilities, in-house design team and an extensive retail network, we are in full control of all critical steps in the supply chain, which underscores our fundamental resilience in the current uncertain macroeconomic environment. We are on track to complete construction of our new Mainland headquarters office in Shenzhen by the end of 2013. We have also identified a site in the city of Wuhan, for an integrated production and logistics centre to not only support future growth and demand but also further shorten 
From the mass luxury products that make up the bulk of our sales, to the high-end luxury jewellery that shows our excellent craftsmanship capability, to our lines for youth and weddings and other occasions, we excel at providing Chinese customers with exactly what they are looking for. We do this by means of our scale and reach, our retail management information system, our deep understanding of Chinese jewellery-giving culture, and our unrivalled ability to procure, design, and make products to meet market needs in all segments and age groups. The speed at which we can adjust our product mix is a great competitive advantage. Our extensive geographical presence across Mainland China, a balanced product portfolio with a growing focus on higher-margin gem-set jewellery, and our almost fully hedged position on gold result in stable long-term returns for our 
In fact, I am also chairing a Reform and Development Committee of senior executives, founded in 2011, which has been reviewing operations and has already made a number of recommendations to the Board with a view to enhancing overall operating efficiencies of the Group. These initiatives include refining our management information system and increasing production capability, starting with the facilities in Shenzhen and Wuhan that I mentioned above.
Our management team, led by loyal and talented professionals, is well poised to make progress on all these strategic initiatives. As a newly listed company, we are continuing to build a best-in-class organisation, including a recently augmented investor relations and corporate communications team to help us engage with our esteemed shareholders and other stakeholders.
We aim to give you operational updates on a quarterly basis going forward.
At this time, I would also like to acknowledge the hard work of all our colleagues across the Group, who have embraced the transition we have gone through in becoming a listed company. Our philosophy of aligning our employees compensation with our financial performance is one we are committed to adhering to going forward.
Looking ahead, we are confident that we can achieve sustainable growth as we continue to cater to Mainland China s rapidly growing and urbanising middle class as well as a growing number of loyal and increasingly affluent VIPs. With a combination of our core strengths such as our brand name, highly experienced and loyal team, a sophisticated management information system, extensive retail network, innovative marketing, strong design and production capability, great financial strengths as well as our ability to swiftly adjust our operations under different environments, I am confident that this model enables us to capture the growth opportunities in developing regions and make us more resilient in the current volatile 
Our success is inseparable from the success and support of our staff, shareholders, customers, business partners and the communities in which we operate. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude for their continual support and encouragement. To my fellow members of the Board, I would also like to extend appreciation for their active contribution to our business and their inspiring leadership. Together we can set a new corporate benchmark for excellence in Greater China.
Dr. Cheng Kar-shun, Henry 
Hong Kong, 26 June 2012 