1.3 CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Sands China s profi t for the year ended December 31, 2010 was US$666.5 million, up from US$215.0 million in 2009, a dramatic increase of Sheldon G. Adelson Chairman of the Board On behalf of the Board of Directors of Sands China Ltd. ( Sands China or the Company ), I am pleased to report to you at the conclusion of a very successful year. The year 2010 was our fi rst full year as a company listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, and we were able to achieve many important fi nancial, operating and strategic objectives during the year.
Our business realized strong revenue, cash flow and earnings growth during the year and simultaneously achieved signifi cantly enhanced equity market value for you, our shareholders.
Importantly, the benefits of our integrated resort business model extend beyond our own financial success and have enhanced Macao s appeal as a business and leisure tourism destination, helped diversify Macao s economy, and provided meaningful employment opportunities for the residents of Macao. While we are pleased to have delivered record fi nancial and operating results for the year, we are equally pleased to have been able to contribute to Macao s success in achieving its objectives of diversifying the tourism industry, the economy and providing employment opportunities for the residents of Macao.
Our Macao properties Sands Macao, The Venetian Macao and the Four Seasons Hotel Macao and Plaza Casino all generated strong growth in revenue, operating income and profi t attributable to Sands China shareholders.
1.3 CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I have full confi dence that these strong trends will continue in 2011 and beyond. Later this year, we plan to open the fi rst phase of our development on Parcels 5 and 6 and in doing so will bring important additional hotel, entertainment, retail and meeting and convention capacity to the Cotai Strip. Visitation to Macao increased to 25 million people in 2010 compared to 12 million in 2003 the year before we opened the Sands Macao. The arrival of more non-gaming amenities, like those we are currently developing on the Cotai Strip, is critical if Macao is going to take its next step as an international leisure and business Our business strategy remains straightforward: complete the successful execution of our Cotai Strip developments and leverage our integrated resort business model to develop the world s leading entertainment destinations. We remain extremely proud of our team members in Macao and are excited by the plans Edward Tracy, David Sisk, Benjamin Toh, David Fleming, Antonio Ramirez, Kevin Clayton, Gunther Hatt and other members of Sands China s management team have for the Company s operations.
We look forward to further reporting to our shareholders at the Annual General Meeting on the effective management of the
Company’s business and assets and upon the continued delivery of value to you and other stakeholders.
Thank you for the confi dence that you have placed in us.
Sheldon G. Adelson
Chairman of the Board
Macao, April 13, 2011