Chairman s Statement Over the past decades, we have been striving for excellence in 
Year 2016 marks Chow Tai Fook s 87th year of legacy as a leading jewellery brand in Greater China. Over the past decades, we have been striving for excellence in sustainable business development. FY2016 was a year filled with challenges and uncertainties amid the volatile macro-economic environment in Greater China. Yet, the Group s underlying competences remain strong against the backdrop of the headwinds. We will continue to invest for the future to maintain our competitive advantages, and to capture the market opportunities through our well-established brand and extensive industry experience.

Following the continuous softness in luxury retail market in Greater China, the Group s revenue recorded a decrease of 12.0% year-on-year to HK$56,591.5 million in FY2016.
Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company declined 46.1% to HK$2,941.4 million, while earnings per share decreased to HK29.4 cents. In light of the strong cash position, the Board has proposed a final and a special dividend of HK8.0 cents and HK22.0 cents per share, respectively.

Mainland China has shown a sign of economic slowdown after achieving a remarkable pace of growth in the past two decades, with its GDP growth moderated to 6.9% in 2015. Volatility in capital market also impacted the luxury retail sentiment. Besides, the increasingly affluent and sophisticated Chinese consumers continue to look for more personalised products and shopping experience. Lifestyle and leisure spending becomes the trend, with strong outbound tourism boosting the consumption abroad. However, taking into account the relatively stable fundamentals, continuous urbanisation and the ever-growing middle-class in the region, we believe that Mainland China will stay the course on sustainable growth.
In Hong Kong and Macau where we have been maintaining our leading position for many years, the persistently weak retail sentiment and the decline in tourist visitations, particularly the Mainland tourists, as a result of the strengthening US dollar and evolving travel preference continue to affect our operation in FY2016. Mainland tourist arrivals in Hong Kong and Macau fell 8.6% and 3.7%, respectively during the financial year. We expect the market environment for the region to remain challenging in the 
Strategies for Sustainable Business Despite the challenges ahead, we are dedicated to further enhancing our product portfolio such as introducing Hearts On Fire brand and diamond fashion jewellery in response to the changing customer preferences towards more lifestyle and design- oriented. Our Smart+ initiatives highlight our focus in extracting more online-to- offline synergies and uplifting the customer experience through the use of Internet and technology. For instance, we leverage on digital marketing to communicate with our customers via mobile apps and offer them personalised shopping experience.
Our smart devices applied in operations help us understand better of the consumer behaviour and refine our business strategies.
Chinese customers remain to be our major customer group. We will continue to optimise our business operation in Greater China in order to further strengthen our industry leadership in the region. At the same time, we endeavour to assess the opportunities in expanding our business abroad and tap the growth potential from the Mainland outbound tourism. Leveraging our successful brand history with the spirit of Fixed Price Policy , solid expertise and business innovations would give impetus to our sustainable growth and development.
Corporate Social Responsibility Adhering to our core value Sincerity " Eternity , we also attach great importance to corporate governance, risk management and community services as our corporate social responsibility that is vital to our long-term sustainable development. While we are striving for cost efficiency and business expansion in face of the current economic adversities, our contribution to society are never interrupted. We strive to act as a role model and inspire the industry to uphold the integrity and ethics in business operations, to take part in the environmental protection and community work, and eventually to build a better society.
In closing, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to my fellow Board members for their strategic guidance and the management and staff for their dedication and hard work. I also thank our shareholders, business partners and customers for their continual support. In spite of the challenges ahead, I have every confidence that the Group will grasp each and every opportunity to maximise the interests of our stakeholders with our concerted efforts.
Dr. Cheng Kar-shun, Henry 
Hong Kong, 7 June 2016 