CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Sands China Ltd., I am pleased to report that we continued to successfully execute our
strategic objectives this year. Market conditions in Macao improved meaningfully during the year, and we again delivered
a strong set of fi nancial results. We also successfully opened The Parisian Macao, our latest integrated resort on Cotai and
another “must-see” destination on Cotai. The Parisian Macao meaningfully enhances our critical mass on Cotai, further extends
our industry-leading contributions to Macao’s diversifi cation and supports the realization of Macao’s long-term development
objectives as the leading business and leisure tourism destination in Asia.
We once again generated industry-leading adjusted EBITDA and profi t, while also returning excess capital to Shareholders. The
strong balance sheet and cash fl ow generation of the Company allowed the Board of Directors to declare dividends per share
of HK$1.99 in 2016 for a total of over HK$16.0 billion in cash returned to Shareholders for the year.
The Company generated market-leading adjusted EBITDA of US$2.24 billion with a margin of 33.7%. Net revenues were
US$6.65 billion. We were encouraged that our mass gaming revenue saw positive year-on-year growth during the year, and
that this growth accelerated through the year to reach 16% growth in the fourth quarter.
Our mass gaming revenue strength was supported by our ability to drive increased patronage with hotel accommodation,
retail shopping experiences and entertainment events. Overall, our gross non-gaming revenue increased in 2016 compared to
2015 with our high-margin retail mall revenue increasing by 6%. In the hotel segment, our occupied suite nights increased
12% benefi ting from the addition of 3,000 new suites at The Parisian Macao. We remain far-and-away the industry-leader in
Macao’s MICE business, hosting nearly 700 MICE events on Cotai, which attracted over 900,000 event attendees to Macao in
2016.
My original vision for Cotai in Macao was further realized with the opening of The Parisian Macao on September 13, 2016.
Sands China has now invested approximately US$13.0 billion to deliver on our promise to help Macao in its economic
diversifi cation and its continued evolution into the world’s leading business and leisure tourism destination. Our investment
includes nearly 13,000 hotel rooms, 2.0 million square feet (approximately 186,000 square meters) of retail-mall offerings and
2.0 million square feet (approximately 186,000 square meters) of MICE capacity. Our scale, the diversity of cash fl ows and our
critical mass of hotel, retail and MICE space allowed us to continue to outperform our competitors during the year and position
us well for future growth.
Our investments in the marketing of Macao and Cotai as a business and leisure tourism destination continue to pay dividends
as our Parisian Macao social media program has now exceeded two billion impressions. Based on our customer surveys at
the various points of entry into Macao since The Parisian Macao’s opening, the most visited casino resort in Macao remains
The Venetian Macao, but in second place is The Parisian Macao. Overall, we welcomed nearly 74 million visits to our property
portfolio in 2016, an increase of 8% compared to the prior year. We are incredibly proud to help drive increased visitation to
Macao and Cotai from across the region and to contribute to Macao’s diversifi cation.
All this allows us to look ahead to the future with confi dence. We have a strong organic growth outlook that will continue
to benefi t from our industry-leading investments, our unmatched scale, the secular growth in Chinese middle-class wealth
creation and increasing demand for travel.
We regard it as a privilege to contribute to Macao’s success in realizing its important objectives of diversifying its economy,
supporting the growth of local businesses, providing meaningful career development opportunities for its citizens, including
through our Sands China Academy, and reaching its full potential as Asia’s leading business and leisure tourism destination. We
could not have achieved our many successes this year without the hard work and dedication of Sands China’s nearly 29,000
team members. I thank them for their efforts and I look forward to their continued contributions in the years ahead.
Our Sands China business strategy remains straightforward: continue the execution of our Cotai Strip development strategy
by leveraging our convention-based integrated resort business model and world-class amenities to contribute to Macao’s
diversifi cation. This strategy drives Sands China’s market-leading revenue and cash fl ow generation and allows the Company
to return excess capital to Shareholders.
We look forward to sharing the Company’s continued success with you and other stakeholders at the upcoming Sands China
Annual General Meeting.
I thank you again for the confi dence that you have placed in us.
Sheldon G. Adelson
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Offi cer
March 17, 2017