Chairman’s Statement
Although there is still a long way to a
full-fledged recovery for our operations,
we will remain focused in striving for
sustainable growth by meticulously
executing our initiatives. Adhering to
PVSDPSFWBMVFPGi4JODFSJUZt&UFSOJUZw
we shall maintain an excellent standard
in our products and services so as to
fortify our iconic and trusted brand
value.
Dear shareholders,
I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for FY2017. Despite
challenging business dynamics, we continued to strive for excellence in our
products and services while sharpening our competitive edges as an industry
pioneer during FY2017. Encouragingly, our operations showed signs of
stabilisation during 2HFY2017. We remain vigilant to ensure that the Group will
emerge stronger and be better positioned for future growth.
Performance review
The Group registered a decrease in revenue of 9.4% year-on-year to HK$51,246
million in FY2017. Despite a negative full year sales performance, the tide began
to turn in our operations in 2HFY2017. Revenue grew by 4.4% year-on-year in
2HFY2017, a remarkable improvement compared to a 23.5% year-on-year
decline in 1HFY2017. Benefitting partially from this improving trend, profit
attributable to shareholders of the Company rose by 3.9% to HK$3,055 million
during FY2017, while earnings per share were HK30.6 cents.
The Board has proposed a final dividend and a special dividend of HK10 cents
and HK20 cents per share, respectively.
Pursuing sustainable growth
We carried out a number of initiatives and embarked on new ones during
FY2017 to ensure sustainable growth of the Group. All such initiatives shall
provide us with a strong foundation to ride the wave of Mainland China’s “new
normal” economy — one in which growth is mainly driven by consumption and
science-oriented innovation takes on great significance to improve the quality
of growth and standard of living, as set out in the 13th Five-Year Plan (2016–
2020) on National Economic and Social Development (“13th FYP”). We are
constructive that under this national direction, the structure of consumption
will be elevated as consumers become wealthier, more tech-savvy and
sophisticated in buying habits.
To capitalise on these evolving consumption changes, we have been taking the
lead to transform and enhance various aspects of our business, especially
through the application of technology and innovation.
We have launched “Smart+” initiatives in which Internet technology, smart
devices and big data are used to understand customer preferences. Our
inventory and logistics management have been streamlined to achieve greater
supply chain efficiency through the use of automated technology. Revamp of
store image and in-store layout, as well as store segmentation, are in progress to
provide brand new shopping experience. With e-commerce accounting for 9.3%
of our retail sales volume in Mainland China in FY2017, we have been focusing
in deepening O2O interactions, such as channelling online traffic to physical
stores and extracting synergies through innovative channels.
We have also been adapting to the fast changing preference of Chinese
consumers. Differentiated and diversified products have been added to our
portfolio to target different customer segments. CHOW TAI FOOK T MARK
diamond brand, a disruptive innovation and revolutionary product offering, was
launched during FY2017. This was a major milestone for the Group as a
breakthrough on the current industry practice by displaying to customers the
complete life journey of a diamond from its source, made possible by state-ofthe-art
technology on the backbone of our vertically integrated business model.
Outlook
Mainland China is on track to become a consumption led economy and a
moderately prosperous society, which bodes well for the retail industry,
especially the luxury sector, in the long term. Despite an economic slowdown,
Mainland China’s GDP growth in absolute terms still remains to be the highest in
the world. Coupled with the continuing trends of income increase, expansion of
the middle-income class and urbanisation, abundant growth potentials still
persist. Under the 13th FYP, the Chinese government will implement measures to
foster a conducive consumer environment, which will help to re-shore overseas
consumption back to Mainland China and revitalise domestic luxury
consumption. The “new normal” economy, characterised by slowing but quality
growth, is expected to propel the nation to a stable, healthy and sustainable
long-term development. We are fully confident of and optimistic about the
long-term prospects of Mainland China.
In Hong Kong and Macau, the retail industry is undergoing structural changes
inevitably as travel patterns and spending preferences of Chinese tourists have
changed. Nevertheless, the two cities’ well-established infrastructure, high
degree of internationalisation, mature legal systems, tax-free shopping
environment as well as high-quality customer service, give them a solid
competitive edge in the long run. Hong Kong has been ranked as the world’s
freest economy by the Heritage Foundation for the 23rd consecutive year,
reaffirming the city’s strong underlying fundamentals and status as the world’s
most competitive financial and business hub.
Although there is still a long way to a full-fledged recovery for our operations,
we will remain focused in striving for sustainable growth by meticulously
executing our aforementioned initiatives. We have started to provide a holistic
jewellery retail solution on a global scale by leveraging our vertically integrated
CVTJOFTTNPEFM-BTUCVUOPUMFBTUBEIFSJOHUPPVSDPSFWBMVFPGi4JODFSJUZt
Eternity”, we shall maintain an excellent standard in our products and services
so as to fortify our iconic and trusted brand value.
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow Board
members for their strategic guidance and the management and staff for their
dedicated efforts and invaluable contributions over the years. I also thank our
shareholders, business partners and customers for their long-term support
and trust.
Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry
Chairman
Hong Kong, 8 June 2017