1.3 CHAIRMAN S SANDS CHINA S PROFIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2012 WAS US$1,235.7 MILLION , UP FROM US$1,133.1 MILLION IN 2011, AN INCREASE OF9.1 % On behalf of the Board of Directors of Sands China Ltd., I am pleased to report to you at the conclusion of another very successful year for the Company. During the year, we achieved many important financial and operating objectives and delivered robust, market-leading growth in Macao, the world s largest and most profitable gaming market. We set records during the year for revenue, adjusted EBITDA and earnings growth while also generating signifi cant returns for shareholders. The strong balance sheet and fi nancial performance of the Company allowed the Board of Directors to declare dividends per share of HK$1.16 in 2012 for a total of over HK$9.3 billion in cash returned to shareholders. We are also pleased to announce that Sands China was selected as a constituent of the prestigious Hang Seng Index The Company s adjusted EBITDA reached a record US$1.98 billion with adjusted EBITDA margin reaching 30.4% on US$6.51 billion in net revenue in the 2012 year. The Venetian Macao, our fl agship property on Cotai, the Four Seasons Hotel Macao and the Plaza Casino each generated record revenue and adjusted EBITDA during the year while the Sands Macao on the Macao Peninsula continued to deliver solid operating results. Strong mass gaming volumes throughout our portfolio of properties, coupled with growth in non- gaming revenue from our hotel, retail, mall and convention businesses, drove the record results and refl ect the inherent benefi ts of our integrated resort business model.
Sands Cotai Central, our latest development on Cotai and the largest integrated resort development in the Company’s history,
opened its fi rst phase on April 11, 2012. Sands Cotai Central adds approximately 5,800 hotel rooms, expansive retail shopping,
food and beverage, meeting and convention, entertainment and gaming capacity to Cotai and further solidifi es our presence
as the leading integrated resort developer and operator in the market. On December 20, 2012, we opened a fully enclosed
climate-controlled footbridge with escalators and moving walkway to enhance the inter-connectivity and accessibility between
our Cotai Strip properties.
Our properties continue to generate market-leading visitation and in 2012 we welcomed over 46 million visitors to our Cotai
Strip properties, including over 5 million in the month of December alone. We are incredibly proud to be contributing to the
increasing visitation to Macao from across the region. Importantly, the benefi ts of our integrated resort business model extend
far beyond our own fi nancial success. The Company’s properties and service offerings enhance Macao’s appeal as a business
and leisure tourism destination, helping to diversify Macao’s economy and to provide meaningful employment opportunities
for the people of Macao. Looking ahead, I am confi dent that the introduction of The Parisian Macao, our next development on
Cotai, which we are targeting to open by late 2015, will meaningfully contribute to Macao’s position as a leading business and
leisure destination in Asia.
Importantly, we could not have achieved our record fi nancial results without the hard work and dedication of Sands China’s
more than 25,000 team members and I look forward to their continued contributions in the years ahead.
Our Sands China business strategy remains straightforward: complete the successful execution of our Cotai Strip development
strategy and maximize return for shareholders by leveraging our integrated resort business model and world-class amenities to
generate market-leading revenue and cash fl ow. We look forward to sharing the Company’s continued success with you and
other stakeholders at the upcoming Sands China Annual General Meeting.
I thank you again for the confi dence that you have placed in us.
Sheldon G. Adelson
Chairman of the Board
March 15, 2013