The 20132014 financial year ( FY2014 ) was an eventful year with remarkable results and exciting opportunities.
As a leading jeweller with strong fundamentals, visionary business strategy and market-driven approach, the Group was capable of capturing opportunities and optimising returns as markets rebounded.

The 20132014 financial year ( FY2014 ) was an eventful year with remarkable results and exciting opportunities. The unprecedented slump in international gold price as soon as FY2014 commenced fuelled the demand for gold jewellery and boosted consumer confidence amid gradual recovery in both the Mainland China and Hong Kong and Macau markets. The sales of non-gold products also benefited and the Group s retail and wholesale businesses saw strong growth. As a leading jeweller with strong fundamentals, visionary business strategy and market-driven approach, the Group was capable of capturing opportunities and optimising returns as 
I am pleased to report a total revenue of HK$77,407.1 million for FY2014, representing a surge of 34.8% year-on-year attributable to improved market sentiment and consumer confidence as a result of the gold rush effect.
Sales were in particular robust in the first half of FY2014. Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company increased 32.1% to HK$7,272.0 million.
Same Store Sales Growth ( SSSG ) rebounded to 18.6% versus a 3.3% decrease in the last financial year attributable mainly to a significant increase in Same Store Sales volume growth.
The product mix which had shifted notably towards gold products in the first half of FY2014 became normalised in the second half of the year as the gold rush effect diminished and the sales contribution of gem-set jewellery expanded. During the year under review, mass luxury jewellery segment continued to be the growth driver and the strong sales of both gold and gem-set jewellery were driven mainly by volume.
Earnings per share were HK72.7 cents (FY2013: HK55.1 cents). The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK19.0 cents per share (FY2013: HK16.0 cents). Combined with the interim dividend of HK17.0 cents per share, the total annual dividend is HK36.0 cents per share, representing a dividend payout ratio of 49.5%.
During the year under review, we added a net of 241 POS to our retail network, including the 2,000th POS opened in January 2014 in Wuhan. The Group s POS totalled 2,077 as at 31 March 2014. In tandem, our e-commerce flourishes on a fast track in terms of year-on-year sales growth and expanding our customer base.

We are one of the very few in the industry that possesses both production capacity and capability to meet the huge market demand for mass luxury jewellery products and the strengths in design and craftsmanship to satisfy the stringent requirements of discerning high-end customers. Our brand strategy is to build a multi-faceted Chow Tai Fook brand to showcase our various strengths as our business expands and diversifies.
As we have been widely recognised as the leader with deep market penetration and leading market share in the mass luxury segment for years, we also endeavoured to uplift our brand image as world-class high-end luxury jeweller in order to raise our brand profile, equity and value; and to become the wedding expert of the jewellery industry to seize the wedding jewellery market which is the largest single segment that contributes over one-third to our retail revenue.
In addition, on the recent success in developing our youth line products and e-commerce, we have also earned a reputation for being innovative and at the forefront of the ever-changing and fast moving jewellery market.
Our product strategy is market-driven and customer-focused. Thanks to our well established vertically integrated business model, we are able to respond quickly to market changes and consumer demands. We continued to enhance our product offerings through diversification and differentiation.
We have expanded our product portfolio by introducing fashion diamond jewellery to the Mainland China market and crossover art pieces in collaboration with artists and designers.
At Chow Tai Fook, our retail network has two fronts, an extensive physical stores network and the flourishing e-tail platforms. We continued our POS opening strategy focusing mainly on Tier III and lower tier cities in Mainland China leveraging franchisees deep local market knowledge and experience, while capturing opportunities in prime tourist locations in Hong Kong and Macau, in tandem with our ongoing retail network consolidation, including relocation of selected POS to prime locations, closing some relatively low performing POS and expanding the retail area of selected POS, that aims specifically to improve POS productivity for enhancing SSSG. On the other hand, we invested resources to accelerate e-commerce growth and deliver 360 degree shopping experience by deploying our e-tail platforms as powerful channels for digital marketing, online-to-offline ( O2O ) interaction and customer relationship management ( CRM ).
Investment in the future is vital to the continuous growth and sustainable development of a business. During the year under review, substantial progresses on our development projects were made. The construction works of the new Mainland China headquarters in Yantian, Shenzhen was completed in FY2014, and the Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Park in Wuhan, Hubei aims to commence production in September 2014. For staff development, we launched the Wisdom Dynamic Programme for selected frontline and back office staff from operational to managerial grades for all-round training to inspire creative thinking, promote positive spirit and encourage holistic development so as to enhance individual capacity and 
The Group s 2,000th POS, also the first-of-its-kind experiential jewellery shop in the industry, was officially opened in Wuhan in January 2014.
Located in a new I.T.-focused central business district and a hot spot of university students in Wuhan, this 2,000th POS is now one of our high sales stores in Mainland China. It is a triumphant exhibition of our far-sighted perseverance and determination to meet business goal, as well as our strengths in optimising our digital competence and capturing market 
In February 2014, Chow Tai Fook s leading role in the industry earned us the appointment as Official Global Partner of the China Pavilion at Expo Milano 2015. Apart from being authorised to design and manufacture exclusive China Pavilion expo products and limited edition jewellery, the partnership also provides us with an exceptional opportunity to host a jewellery show at the China Pavilion to showcase our brand excellence in design and craftsmanship to the world.
During the year under review, we further strengthened our partnership with renowned local and international brands. We, as the largest distributor of licensed Disney products in Greater China, were authorised to open our first Disney Zone at the iSQUARE POS in Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong. We also entered into licensing agreements with new business partners as exclusive retailer in Greater China, including Canada s Crossworks Manufacturing Ltd.
for its patented hearts and arrows ideal cut square diamond Magic Square marketed under De Beers Group s FOREVERMARK brand, and Hong Kong s Aaron Shum Jewelry Limited for launching our Chow Tai Fook 520 diamond collection using its patented Coronet Solitaire design.
We have also clinched a number of accolades in recognition of our business strengths and brand value. With a brand value of US$4,544 million and an A grade rating, Chow Tai Fook was named one of the world s most valuable brands under the Brand Finance Global 500 in February 2014. In addition, we were ranked the 44th and the 18th in China s 500 Most Valuable Brands and Hong Kong s Top 100 Most Influential Brands , respectively, by World Brand Lab. Chow Tai Fook was the number one pure-play jeweller in all the above rankings.

We are cautiously optimistic about our business outlook for the 20142015 financial year ( FY2015 ). When entering FY2015, signs of uncertainty arising from various unfavourble factors exhibited, such as a slowing economy in Mainland China, as well as a decrease in inbound Mainland tourist numbers, more cautious consumer spending and lower purchasing budget. However, we are quite confident that their negative impacts are just short term because we also see positive signs on the other hand.
The Mainland Chinese government has set a 7.5% GDP growth target for 2014 which will deliver an enviable growth and the trend of increasing incomes will continue. Moreover, as the Year of the Horse is an auspicious year for weddings and births, a growth in this segment is expected to shore up the demand for jewellery in both the Mainland China and Hong Kong and 
Among the abovementioned unfavourable factors, it was the decrease in the number of inbound Mainland tourist during the 5.1 golden week for the first time since 2003 that made Hong Kong worry most. The decrease, in general, was opined as a result of the negative sentiments and behaviours against the influx of Mainland tourists. We believe that the Hong Kong Government will adopt viable measures to ease such undesirable situation and look for long term solutions to create a win-win environment.
If the decrease in the number of inbound Mainland tourists and their spending were to continue and would cloud the retail sector in the Hong Kong and Macau market, Chow Tai Fook would be in a better position than some local peers to withstand the threats thanks to our strong presence in Mainland China, our major market that contributes the largest portion to our 
As for the medium to long run, we maintain a positive view on our prospect as we believe there exists a huge demand for mass luxury jewellery and wedding-related jewellery in both the Mainland China and the Hong Kong and Macau markets, while youth line products and fashion jewellery are increasingly popular among young customers who represent the largest and continuously growing customer base of the prosperous e-commerce 
The economic growth of Mainland China will continue to outperform many economies although at a slower, yet still coveted, rate. The jewellery market is far from saturation as disposable incomes keep rising, middle class population still increasing and urbanisation continues, especially in Tier III and lower tier cities where growth momentum remains strong.
In Hong Kong and Macau, the jewellery market will continue to be well supported by both local customers and tourists as our competitive prices under the duty-free policy are still favourable. While some POS in the Hong Kong and Macau market may be consolidated, we will maintain a flexible store opening approach to capture good opportunities.
We are also able to capture the robust e-commerce with stepped up efforts in omni-channel retailing to integrate different channels such as mobile, online, social media platform and physical POS for creating O2O synergy that both online and offline businesses will benefit.
As we entered 2014, we have a host of new initiatives and celebratory programmes to mark our 85th anniversary. Abided by the corporate values of Sincerity Eternity for decades ,we have built our success on the trust and support from our customers and partners. We will continue to uphold these values to guide us along for greater success in the years to come.

On behalf of the Board, I wish to thank our fellow members of the Board for their leadership and contribution; all of our staff for their diligence and loyalty; our shareholders, customers and business partners for their support and trust; as well as the communities in which we operate and to which we gladly give back.
Dr. Cheng Kar-shun, Henry 
Hong Kong, 17 June 2014 