CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT The coming year will no doubt bring its fair share of opportunities and challenges. Nevertheless, I remain confident in our products, services, and people that they will continue to delight our customers and be their trusted jewellery brand.

This year marked a significant moment for Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group Limited as we celebrated our 85th anniversary, a time in history which we are proud to have reached. While this presents a natural opportunity for us to be introspective to reflect on our history and consider becoming even better in the chapter ahead, this year is extraordinary because of both the challenges and opportunities unique in the markets in which we operate 
During FY2015, the Group recorded a revenue of HK$64,277.0 million, a decrease of 17.0% compared with the previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company declined 25.0% to HK$5,456.0 million, while earnings per share decreased to HK54.6 cents. The Board has proposed a final dividend of HK15.0 cents per share for FY2015.
Mainland China, the market which has underpinned our rapid growth and success in the last decade, is undergoing a phase of change in its economy. GDP growth target has slowed to 7.0 7.5%, the lowest in more than two decades, as the country is repositioning for measured yet high- quality and sustained growth. In addition, Chinese consumers are exhibiting an increasingly sophisticated taste in all major categories including luxury goods, as a result of a general increase in education level and an ease of information access.
On the other hand, continuous urbanisation and a growing middle-class indicate that growth opportunities still abound in Mainland China, to which we remain fully committed. In particular, Internet+ , a national strategy unveiled in March 2015 by Premier Li Keqiang, further reinforces to us the importance of embracing technology in retailing in Mainland China; we are pleased and excited to have already embarked on the path of omni-channel retailing, using the Internet and technology to bring about a better customer experience. We believe that our POS expansion strategy in Mainland China, coupled with an intelligent use of technology, will make us more apt at catering to our customers and allow us to benefit from the changes undergoing in the market.
Hong Kong and Macau, the market in which we have long presence and deep knowledge, experienced a major market shift with telling impacts.
Tourists from Mainland China, which have for long been the mainstay of this market, have started to see a decline in growth in both their number and spending power of late. Moreover, the luxury sector as a whole shows signs of slowing after years of rapid growth.
In spite of the headwind, Hong Kong and Macau remain a very important part of our business as we are confident that they remain popular destinations for Mainland tourists in the long run; there are indeed no places like Hong Kong and Macau which offer Mainland tourists such a unique shopping experience as characterised by their shared Chinese heritage, diverse product offerings, and tax-free advantages.
I would like to highlight to you our major undertaking this year that goes to show our ambition to cater to an ever-changing customer taste through an enriched product portfolio. The acquisition of Hearts On Fire, a US-based internationally acclaimed luxury diamond brand, in August 2014 was our strategic move in an attempt to elevate ourselves as a world-class diamond expert. We believe that having an exclusive premium diamond jewellery line will go a long way for us as it further unlocks the potential of our vast POS network in the region to benefit from the increasingly sophisticated 
Looking ahead, we will continue to focus on Greater China while maintaining our leadership position throughout the region. We will continue with our efforts in different areas of our business to further the distinctive strengths of the Chow Tai Fook brand. Integrating our onlineoffline channels, leveraging technology to introduce brand new experiences for our customers, rewarding our most loyal customers and, last but not least, maximising our operational efficiency are the guiding principles to which we subject ourselves and channel our collective efforts.
The coming year will no doubt bring its fair share of opportunities and challenges as discussed earlier. Nevertheless, I remain confident in our products, services, and people that they will continue to delight our customers and be their most trusted jewellery brand.
I must thank my fellow Board members, our senior management team and especially our staff for their hard work and loyal contributions. Your efforts form the backbone of our ongoing success, as we build value for our shareholders, business partners and customers.
Dr. Cheng Kar-shun, Henry 
Hong Kong, 5 June 2015 