1.3 CHAIRMAN S SANDS CHINA S PROFIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 WAS UP FROM US$2,214.9 MILLION IN 2013, AN INCREASE OF15.0 % On behalf of the Board of Directors of Sands China Ltd., I am pleased to report to you at the conclusion of another very successful year for the Company. During the year, we achieved many important financial and operating objectives and delivered market-leading growth in Macao, while meaningfully contributing to Macao s diversification and long-term development objectives as the leading business and leisure tourism destination in Asia.
We set records during the year for revenue, adjusted EBITDA and profit while also returning capital to shareholders. The strong balance sheet and financial performance of the Company allowed the Board of Directors to declare dividends per share of HK$2.50 in 2014 for a total of over HK$20.17 billion in cash returned to shareholders for the year.
The Company s adjusted EBITDA reached a record US$3.26 billion with adjusted EBITDA margin reaching 34.3% on US$9.51 billion in net revenues in the 2014 year. The Venetian Macao, our flagship property on Cotai, Sands Cotai Central and The Plaza Macao each generated record adjusted EBITDA during the year. The Sands Macao, which celebrated its ten year anniversary in May, also delivered solid operating results for the year. Strong growth in non-gaming revenue from our hotel, retail, entertainment and convention businesses, coupled with growth in mass gaming win across our portfolio of properties, contributed to the record financial results and reflect the inherent benefits of our integrated resort business model.
When we complete The Parisian Macao and the St. Regis Tower, Sands China will have invested in excess of US$13.0 billion to deliver on our promise to help Macao in its economic diversification and its continued evolution into the world s leading business and leisure tourism destination. Our investment will include nearly 13,000 hotel rooms, 2.0 million square feet (approximately 186,000 square meters) of retail-mall offerings and nearly 2.0 million square feet (approximately 186,000 square meters) of MICE capacity.
As a result, Sands China has the diversity of product offering, the scale and the critical mass to cater to every type of business and leisure visitor. Our integrated resort business model clearly positions the Company well for future growth.
Our properties continue to generate market-leading visitation and in 2014 we welcomed nearly 70 million visitors to our properties. We are incredibly proud to help drive increased visitation to Macao and Cotai from across the region and to contribute to Macao s diversification.
Looking ahead, I am confident that the introduction of The Parisian Macao, our next integrated resort development on Cotai, as well as the opening of the St. Regis Tower at Sands Cotai Central, will meaningfully contribute to Macao s diversification and its position as the leading business and leisure destination in Asia.
Importantly, the benefits of our integrated resort business model extend far beyond our own financial success. As one of the largest employers in Macao, we take our responsibilities to the community very seriously. In 2014, we conducted over 160,000 training hours for more than 24,000 team members. We also promoted just under 2,500 team members, 90% of whom were Macao residents.
We could not have achieved our record financial results without the hard work and dedication of Sands China’s more than
28,000 team members. I thank them for their efforts and I look forward to their continued contributions in the years ahead.
Our Sands China business strategy remains straightforward: continue the successful execution of our Cotai Strip development
strategy by leveraging our convention-based integrated resort business model and world-class amenities to contribute to
Macao’s diversification. This strategy drives Sands China’s market-leading revenue and cash flow growth and allows the
Company to continue increasing the return of capital to shareholders.
We look forward to sharing the Company’s continued success with you and other stakeholders at the upcoming Sands China
Annual General Meeting.
I thank you again for the confidence that you have placed in us.
Sheldon G. Adelson
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
March 13, 2015