1.3 CHAIRMAN S SANDS CHINA S PROFIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2013 WAS MILLION IN 2012, AN INCREASE OF On behalf of the Board of Directors of Sands China Ltd., I am pleased to report to you at the conclusion of another very successful year for the Company. During the year, we achieved many important fi nancial and operating objectives and delivered robust, market-leading growth in Macao, the world s largest and most profitable gaming market. We set records during the year for revenues, adjusted EBITDA and earnings while also generating significant returns for Shareholders. The strong balance sheet and financial performance of the Company allowed the Board of Directors to declare dividends per share of HK$1.33 in 2013 for a total of over HK$10.7 billion in cash returned to Shareholders.
The Company s adjusted EBITDA reached a record US$2.90 billion with adjusted EBITDA margin reaching 32.5% on US$8.91 billion in net revenues in the 2013 year. The Venetian Macao, our fl agship property on Cotai, and The Plaza Macao each generated record adjusted EBITDA during the year. The Sands Macao, which will celebrate its ten year anniversary in May, also delivered solid operating results for the year. Strong growth in non-gaming revenue from our hotel, retail, mall and convention businesses, coupled with robust mass gaming volumes throughout our portfolio of properties, contributed to the record financial results and refl ect the inherent benefits of our integrated resort business model.
Sands Cotai Central, our latest development on Cotai and
the largest integrated resort development in the Company’s
history, opened its first phase in April 2012. We opened
additional offerings and amenities at Sands Cotai Central in
2012 and throughout 2013. Sands Cotai Central has added
approximately 5,800 hotel rooms, expansive retail shopping,
food and beverage, meeting and convention, entertainment
and gaming capacity to Cotai and further solidified our
position as the leading integrated resort developer and
operator in Macao.
Our properties continue to generate market-leading visitation and in 2013 we welcomed nearly 63 million visitors to our
properties, including over 6 million in the month of December alone. We are incredibly proud to be contributing to the
increasing visitation to Macao and Cotai from across the region. Importantly, the benefi ts of our integrated resort business
model extend far beyond our own fi nancial success. The Company’s properties and service offerings enhance Macao’s appeal
as a business and leisure tourism destination, helping to diversify Macao’s economy and to provide meaningful employment
opportunities for the people of Macao. Looking ahead, I am confi dent that the introduction of The Parisian Macao, our next
development on Cotai, which we are targeting to open by late 2015, will meaningfully contribute to Macao’s position as the
leading business and leisure destination in Asia.
We could not have achieved our record fi nancial results without the hard work and dedication of Sands China’s more than
28,000 team members. I thank them for their efforts and I look forward to their continued contributions in the years ahead.
Our Sands China business strategy remains straightforward: complete the successful execution of our Cotai Strip development
strategy by leveraging our integrated resort business model and world-class amenities to generate market-leading revenue and
cash fl ow growth while continuing to increase the return of capital to Shareholders. We look forward to sharing the Company’s
continued success with you and other stakeholders at the upcoming Sands China annual general meeting.
I thank you again for the confi dence that you have placed in us.
Sheldon G. Adelson
Chairman of the Board
March 14, 2014