2.1 CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to report that we continued to execute our strategic objectives during the year.
Despite the challenges in the Macao market, we again delivered a strong set of financial results, while meaningfully contributing to Macao s diversification and long-term development objectives as Asia s leading business and leisure tourism We once again generated market-leading adjusted EBITDA and profit while returning excess capital to Shareholders. Our strong cash flow generation and balance sheet allowed the Board to declare dividends per share of HK$1.99 in 2015, returning over HK$16.0 billion to Shareholders.
The Company generated a market-leading US$2.22 billion in adjusted EBITDA in 2015, with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 32.6%. Net revenues were US$6.82 billion.
Our property portfolio in Macao continues to generate strong visitation and financial results. We welcomed over 68 million visitors to our properties during 2015. The Venetian Macao, our flagship property on Cotai, remains the iconic, must-see integrated resort destination in Macao, welcoming over 31 million visitors annually. Despite all the headwinds and challenges in 2015, and the arrival of new competition, The Venetian Macao generated US$1.1 billion of adjusted EBITDA for the year, and was the only property in Macao to exceed US$1.0 billion in adjusted EBITDA. Sands Cotai Central, The Plaza Macao and Sands Macao also delivered solid operating results for the year.
Looking ahead, we remain fully committed to playing the pioneering role in Macao s transformation into Asia s leading business and leisure tourism destination. Our track record in being transformative pioneers in MICE, retail and entertainment remains unmatched in our industry. Sands China s unrivaled diversity of product offering, scale and critical mass allow the Company to cater to every type of business and leisure visitor. Our integrated resort business model clearly positions the Company well for future growth.
With the opening of The Parisian Macao in 2016, Sands China will have invested in excess of US$13.0 billion to deliver on our promise to contribute to Macao s diversification and success as Asia s leading business and leisure tourism destination. Our investment includes nearly 13,000 hotel rooms, 2.0 million square feet (approximately 186,000 square meters) of retail-mall offerings and 2.0 million square feet (approximately 186,000 square meters) of MICE capacity.
I am confident that The Parisian Macao will both replicate the success of The Venetian Macao as another themed, iconic and must-see integrated resort destination for Macao s visitors, while expanding the overall business and leisure tourism appeal of Macao.
Importantly, the benefits of our integrated resort business model extend far beyond our own financial success. As one of the
largest employers in Macao, we take our responsibilities to the community very seriously. Our decade-long effort in developing
and promoting local talent is showing clear results. In 2004, when we opened the Sands Macao, only 7% of our approximately
900 managerial staff were citizens of Macao. Today, after eleven years of training and development programs focused on our
local team members, 86% of our approximately 2,700 managerial staff are citizens of Macao.
We could not have achieved our industry-leading financial results and contributions to Macao’s diversification and success as a
business and leisure tourism destination without the hard work and dedication of Sands China’s nearly 27,000 team members.
I thank them once again for their efforts and look forward to their continued contributions in the years ahead.
We look forward to sharing the Company’s continued success with you and other stakeholders at the upcoming Sands China
Annual General Meeting.
I thank you again for the confidence you have placed in us.
Sheldon G. Adelson
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
March 11, 2016