Chairman’s Statement
Year 2016 marks the start of the “13th Five-year Plan
period”. Our Group rigidly adhered to the general line of
“implementing supply-side structural reform”. By virtue of
structure optimization, reform facilitation and innovation
promotion, we successfully accomplished the annual
operating plan, and made a good start at the beginning
of the “13th Five-year Plan period”. In 2016, following the
launch of new models with high competitiveness, the
proprietary Beijing Brand, Beijing Benz, Beijing Hyundai
and Fujian Benz sold 1.929 million units of vehicles in
aggregate, with a year-on-year increase of 16.4%. In
2016, the net profit attributable to equity holders of the
Company amounted to RMB6,366.9 million, representing
a year-on-year increase of 91.9%. Meanwhile, to
safeguard Shareholders’ investment returns, the Board
has proposed to declare a year-end dividend of RMB0.29
per Share (tax inclusive) to Shareholders.
The said outstanding achievement can be attributed to
the following strategic factors: firstly, the proprietary
Beijing Brand is well-positioned to leverage on its
core competence, based on its extensive experiences
accumulated over years; secondly, we optimise our
structure to comply with the trend of consumption
upgrade, as such we can precisely capture business
opportunities under the new normal economy; thirdly,
we have implemented strategic transformation in an
unwavering manner so as to achieve an innovation-driven
goal.
Year 2017 is expected to be another challenging year. We
expect that the directions of macroeconomic policies in
China will remain unchanged in three aspects, namely the
continuation of the general principle of making progress
while maintaining stability, the concept of adopting
proactive fiscal policies and stable monetary policies,
and the main development route of promoting supplyside
reforms.
In the new year, under the influence of macroeconomic
policy, our Group will actively leverage on the new normal
of development in passenger vehicle industry. We will
strive to follow the central ideas of improving both quality
and efficiency, achieving strategic transformation, as
well as implementing supply-side structural reforms. For
the purpose of accomplishing the important missions
including focusing on development of our proprietary
brands, making breakthroughs of joint venture brands,
maintaining our leadership in new energy vehicles
market, deepening internationalization and promoting
in-depth reforms of the state-owned enterprises, we will
continue to strengthen our abilities in open cooperation
and corporate governance, and ensure that our efforts
are well-targeted and precise, as well as continue to
reinforce and develop our core competitiveness, in order
to achieve strategic targets set for the “13th Five-year
Plan period”.
Last but not least, I would like to express my heartfelt
gratitude to all our staff and business partners for their
hard work, and to our Shareholders for their long-lasting
support!
Chairman
Xu Heyi
March 23, 2017