Chairman s Statement 1.575 million units The Beijing Brand, Beijing Benz and Beijing Hyundai have recorded sales of 1.5752 million units of vehicles in total, representing a year-on-year growth of 16.8% 
In 2014, the Group recorded profit attributable to the Company s equity shareholders of RMB4.51 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of 66.2% 
First of all, on behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of BAIC Motor Corporation Limited. I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to each and every shareholder for your unwavering support to BAIC Motor Corporation Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group ).
The year 2014 was a year that the Group metamorphosed into a butterfly. On the back of the industry-benchmark growth of more than 50% in business volume (with sales exceeding 300,000 units and other breakthroughs) by the proprietary Beijing Motor brand (the Beijing Brand ) of BAIC Motor Corporation Limited (the Company ), the Company went through a successful initial public offering ( IPO ) and was listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on December 19, 2014.
It has also created history in Hong Kong s IPO with two number ones first, it is number one in the amount of funds raised for Chinese car manufacturers, and secondly, it is number one in the amount of funds raised for Beijing state-owned enterprises. The achievements of the Group in 2014 were the result of ongoing rapid growth in the automobile market in China. They were also due to the strong support of the central and Beijing municipal governments, as well as the capital market s approval of the Group s positive development trend and achievements made in the 
During 2014, the automobile market faced unfavorable conditions of slowing growth and intensifying competition. The Beijing Brand, Beijing Benz and Beijing Hyundai have recorded sales of 1.5752 million units of vehicles in total, representing a year-on-year growth of 16.8%. In 2014, the Group recorded profit attributable to the Company s equity shareholders of RMB4.51 billion with a year-on-year growth of 66.2%.
The year 2015 is the final year of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan for China s economy. The downward pressure on the macro-economy faced by the automobile market is increasing. Environmental protection and traffic congestion issues are becoming more prominent. Under such circumstances, further slowdown in the overall growth of the Chinese automobile industry may well be the new normal. As market competition intensifies, competition in automobile industry will also change gradually from the qualifying competition during the Twelfth Five period into knockout competition during the Thirteenth Five period. Like huge waves sweeping away the sand, enterprises that survive the rigorous baptism of the market competition will become the mainstay of China s automobile market in the future.
For this purpose, the current Board will lead the management team of the Company to focus on the following two aspects of the work: First, we will manage the enterprise according to the laws and ensure compliance in our operations. The year 2015 is the first full year of operation since the Company landed on the international capital market.
The Group will carry out its business operations according to the requirements of building an international public company. We will further improve the corporate governance structure, implement strictly the laws and regulations, and rules of regulatory bodies, and safeguard the interests of all shareholders especially those of the minority shareholders.
We will enhance the compliant operation and risk prevention systems of the Group and raise the overall level of standardized operations.
Secondly, we will drive the development of the enterprise through innovation. Under the new normal stage of intensifying market competition, the Group will focus on enhancing the quality of development and economic benefits and promote transformation and upgrading through restructuring. We will accelerate the transformation from a traditional industrial enterprise into one that provides manufacturing services and is innovative, and will seek a balanced development through both organic and acquisitive growth. At the same time, the Group will actively adapt to the new trend represented by mobile Internet technology. We will promote upgrading of the industrial structure through information technology applications and business model innovation, thus extending the industry s value chain. We will actively adapt to the mega trend of reform of state- owned enterprises by liberating the mind and innovating the management model, and by utilizing flexibly various types of reform tools to achieve efficient allocation of capital, technology, talent, channels and other resources, so as to promote our own development and deliver more dividends of reform.
Through these efforts, all the Directors are convinced that the Group will achieve greater development in 2015. Moreover, we will repay Shareholders and contribute to the society with outstanding results.
Last but not least, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to the management team, all our employees and business partners for all their hard work in the past year, and to our Shareholders for their support and 
March 22, 2015 