CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
In 2015, the Beijing Brand, Beijing Benz and Beijing Hyundai have recorded sales of 1.6501 million units of vehicles in total, representing a year-on-year growth of 
In 2015, annual profit was RMB6.32 billion, a year-on-year increase of 
The year 2015 is the first year after our Company s successful Listing in Hong Kong. At the end of last year, our Company won two heavyweight titles, i.e.
Best Listed Company and Best Listed Company Investor Relations , in the fifth China Securities Golden Bauhinia Award , an award predominantly for securities industries in both mainland and Hong Kong. This is a full testimony to the capital market s recognition of the performance of our Company in its first year as a listed company. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to each and every Shareholder for your support and care to the Company and the Group.
During 2015, despite the many challenges such as slowing macroeconomic growth and intensifying competition of the automobile industry, our Group has recorded good results. The Beijing Brand, Beijing Benz and Beijing Hyundai sold 1.6501 million units of vehicles in total, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.8%. The Group achieved a consolidated revenue of RMB84.11 billion at a year-on-year growth of 49.2%. The gross profit was RMB15.28 billion, while the annual profit was RMB6.32 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 70.1% and 8.2% respectively. Among the three brands, Beijing Benz s explosive growth in sales was particularly outstanding. It achieved an annual sales volume of 250,200 units of vehicles at a growth rate of 72.0% and was the number one luxury vehicle brand in the domestic market. With revenue of RMB66,262.8 million and operating profit of RMB7,819.9 million, representing year-on-year increases of 50.8% and 135.4% respectively, Beijing Benz has become a pillar company of the Group. At the same time, Beijing Hyundai continued to enhance its brand value with further increase in the proportion of sales of its high value-added D+S products.
The Beijing Brand has also strengthened its overall capability through enhancing research and development efficiency, adjusting product strategy and continuously advancing the strategy of improving cost-effectiveness and reducing inventories.
The year 2016 marks the beginning of the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan period for China s economy. The Group has also formulated a strategic plan for the next five years, the Plan. The Group will align the implementation of this strategic plan with the pace of the Made in China 2025 strategy and ensure its effective execution, while striving to achieve the goal of reform and transformation to a global automobile company by 2020. In practice, by the year 2020, Beijing Brand will see a substantial boost in its brand competitiveness supported by a competitive product mix, with the aim to becoming one of the top three domestic brands. Beijing Benz aims to compete for the No.1 position in China s luxury vehicle market. Beijing Hyundai will pursue the strategic goal of securing the fourth position in joint venture brands and endeavor to move up the ranking table.
Having stood the test of the first full year of Listing, we have reason to believe the Company and the Group is fully prepared for a more promising year in 2016. Firstly, we will continue to follow the path of innovation. Secondly, we will follow the management principle of restructuring, repositioning, enhancing intrinsic value and increasing efficiency to explore new driving forces for growth. Thirdly, we will continue to improve our corporate governance structure and raise our management level, strengthen the mechanism for compliance and risk response, develop sound environmental, social and governance standards, and advance state-own-enterprise reform in order to ensure the effective and efficient allocation of such resources as capital, talent and marketing channels.
Last but not least, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to the management team, to all our staff and business partners for their hard work during the past year, and to our Shareholders for their support and care! 
March 24, 2016 