CHairman s statement Wong Chiu Yeung 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of China SCE and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ), I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2012.
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS For the year ended 31 December 2012, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately RMB3,637 million and a gross profit of approximately RMB1,285 million, representing a decrease of approximately 3.5% and approximately 16.7% respectively over 2011.
Profit attributable to owners of the parent for 2012 decreased by approximately 6.1% to approximately RMB672 million from approximately RMB716 million in 
The Board resolved not to declare any final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2012.

In order to promote a healthy development of the property market, the PRC government repeatedly expressed macro-control on the real estate sector in 2012. In the first quarter of 2012, the real estate market in China continued to experience adjustments, leading a significant decline in the trading volume of commodity housing in major cities in the PRC. In a bid to revive the weak economy, the central bank lowered the reserve requirement ratio twice in the first half of 2012, which could, to a certain extent, ease the tight credit market. Meanwhile, the central bank also lowered the lending and deposit benchmark interest rate for two consecutive times in June and July 2012, respectively, which reduced the purchasing costs for the home buyers. Such moves, to a certain extent, have boosted home buyers confidence and given impetus to rigid demand fulfillment as well as market recovery. Indeed, trading volume of commodity housing has been increasing in the second quarter of 2012, the selling price of commodity housing has been rebounding in the third quarter and even at an accelerating rate in the fourth quarter.
During the reporting period, the Group adjusted its own development pace in a timely manner in accordance with the development trend of the real estate industry, achieving good operating results.

In 2012, the Group recorded contracted sales area of approximately 0.67 million sq.m. with a contracted sales amount of approximately RMB6,016 million, representing a robust year-on-year growth of approximately 30% and approximately 32%, respectively. The annual contracted sales amount hit a record high, exceeding our annual sales target of RMB4,000 million by approximately 50%.
In 2012, we had 12 projects in total on sale, five of them were newly launched during the year, namely Fortune Plaza " World City, Gold Coast Phase 1 and Sunshine Mansion Phase 2 in Quanzhou, Sunshine City in Xiamen and Royal Spring City " Spring Villa in Anshan. Due to our proactive adjustments on product structure for fulfilling rigid demand as well as the adoption of flexible pricing strategy for addressing market trend, excellent pre-sale performance was achieved in the second half of the year, which accounted for approximately 67% of our total contracted sales amount for 2012.

Fujian Province was still our core region for property development in 2012. New projects commenced construction during the year with an aggregate planned GFA of approximately 0.97 million sq.m. including Fortune Plaza " World City, International Finance Center " The Regent in Quanzhou, Sunshine City and The Prestige in Xiamen and Sapphire Boomtown Phase 2 in Zhangzhou.
As at 31 December 2012, the Group had 10 properties under development with an aggregate planned GFA of approximately 1.90 million sq.m.

In 2012, the Group sped up its business expansion on the back of strong cash flow position secured. We have acquired five plots of new land with an aggregate planned GFA of approximately 1.22 million sq.m. As at 31 December 2012, the Group owned a land bank with an aggregate planned GFA of approximately 8.71 million sq.m. In view of current position in project development, it is anticipated that our existing land bank will satisfy the Group s needs for development in the coming four to five years.

The Group has embarked its business expansion essentially based on a strong financial position. The Group performed well in global financing during the year. In July 2012, the Company was granted a term loan facility with a principal amount of HK$400 million in Hong Kong. In November 2012, the Company issued senior notes due 2017 in the principal amount of US$200 million at a coupon rate of 11.5% per annum. Furthermore, the Group issued additional senior notes with a principal amount of US$150 million in January 2013 with a yield of approximately 9.4% per annum. As a result of the offshore financing mentioned above, the Group has stronger cash flow which further enhanced the Group s risk tolerance level in order to support long term business development.

Despite the implementation of macro-control policies entitled The Five New Measures (e WNh) by the PRC government, we strongly believe that such macro-control policies aim at curbing investment and speculative demand for property, leading the real estate industry to develop in a more reasonable and healthy manner that is favorable to industrial scale. The Urbanization advanced actively and steadily advocated by the PRC government will provide tremendous opportunities for the real estate industry to develop. Urbanization will generate huge potential rigid demand for housing as well as demand for improved housing that each property developer should consider carefully. Under the normalized macro-control, one of the main drivers to boost the volume and price of properties since the second half of 2012 has been rigid demand. We anticipate that the selling price and transaction volume in the property market will continue to grow steadily in 2013.
Looking forward, the Group will, as always, strive to achieve high-quality growth on the back of prudent financial policies, providing shareholders investment returns for their long-term support.

Last but not least, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere appreciation to all staff for their diligence and contributions in the past year. I would also like to take this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude to our shareholders, business partners and customers.
Wong Chiu Yeung 
Hong Kong, China 27 March 2013 