Chairman s Statement WONG CHIU YEUNG 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of China SCE Property Holdings Limited ( China SCE or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ), I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2010.
The year of 2010 is a remarkable year for the real estate industry. To curb the fast-paced increase of property prices in some cities, the central government introduced a new wave of macroeconomic control policies in the second quarter of 2010. Although the momentum of the fast-paced increase in property prices was initially curtailed, the turnover and prices of commodity housing remained at its historical high in 2010. In order to strengthen and amplify the results of its control measures, gradually solve the urban housing problems, continue to effectively curb investment and speculative investment in properties and promote the stable and healthy development of the real estate market, the central government introduced macroeconomic control policies entitled The Eight New Rules ( e WkQh ) on 26 January 2011.
China SCE also experienced a remarkable year in 2010 during which meaningful milestones were set. During the year, the Company seized the opportunity to enter the international capital markets successfully and was listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 5 February 2010, and became the first domestic real estate enterprise listed in Hong Kong in 2010.
The successful listing has provided China SCE with a higher platform from which the Group can achieve greater development in the future with more confidence and in a better position. Although the central government was stepping up its macroeconomic control measures on the real estate market, the Group was actively dealing with the situation. By adopting cautious and sound operating strategies, the results of the Group saw a significant growth in 2010 and recorded the best result since its establishment in terms of area under construction, completed area, saleable area, delivered area and contract sales area and amount, which should be satisfactory to our shareholders.
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS For the financial year ended 31 December 2010, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB4,131 million and a gross profit of RMB1,593 million, representing a significant growth of 604.4% and 442.6% respectively from the 2009 financial year. Profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to RMB946 million, representing an increase of 153.4% from the previous financial year.
In return for the tremendous support of our shareholders, the Board of the Company recommends the distribution of a final dividend of HK5 cents per share to shareholders for the year ended 2010. Together with the interim dividend of HK4 cents per share which has already been distributed, our dividend yield is 4.5%.

Faced with the rapidly changing real estate market during the year, the Group actively devised its strategies, steadily moved forward and successfully took market opportunities and achieved striding growth throughout 2010. All performance indicators were at their historical high.
With the brand effect that came with high quality and strong competitive advantage that came with our excellent development capability, all projects for sale by the Group recorded good sales performance. During the reporting period, realized contract sales area of the Group was approximately 480,000 sq.m. and contract sales amount was approximately RMB 3.6 billion, representing a growth of 149.6% and 85.1% respectively from the previous financial year.
In terms of corporate strategy development, the Group continued to uphold its national development strategy of Firming its foothold on West Taiwan Strait Economic Zone; expanding into the Bohai Rim Economic Zone; and paying attention to the Pearl River Delta Economic Zone . The Group adheres to a cautious land acquisition strategy to obtain quality land resources at low costs in a diversified manner. During the reporting period, it newly acquired two parcels of land in Fujian Province and extended its scope of development to the Bohai Rim region and has established quality projects in Anshan of Liaoning Province, Tangshan of Hebei Province and Beijing. During the year, the Group added new land bank with an aggregate planned GFA of approximately 2.36 million sq.m. As at 31 December 2010, the Group together with its jointly controlled entity and associated companies, hold a land bank with an aggregate planned GFA of approximately 8.4 million sq.m.
We believe that our current land bank is sufficient for the development and construction needs of the Group for the next four to five years.

Our Group strongly believes that adhering to our national development strategy, pursuing high quality and maintaining sufficient cash flow will be our keys to success in facing the competition of 2011. We will further enhance our performance efficiency and rise to the challenges with utmost confidence.
In future, we will enhance our performance in the following areas: Continue to uphold our high quality standards We will carry out our mission of Constructing a Classic Homestead . We have always believed that high quality products are the lifeline of corporate development and also the driving force of a company s sustainable development. Our pursuit of quality has realized results in terms of successful sales.
Continue to improve our land bank distribution by increasing land bank We adhere to our national development strategy of Firming its foothold on West Taiwan Strait Economic Zone; expanding into the Bohai Rim Economic Zone; and paying attention to the Pearl River Delta Economic Zone . By using our successful business experience in Fujian, we will extend our business to the Bohai Economic Rim. We have already grasped suitable opportunities to gradually increase the number of development projects in the Bohai Economic Rim and results are becoming apparent.
The implementation of prudent financial strategies The Group fully utilized the international financing platform established through its listing to implement prudent financial strategies. Its cash and bank balances and net debt ratio remained at healthy levels. As at 31 December 2010, cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to RMB1,522 million and its net gearing ratio was 25.4%. Prior to the publication of this annual report, on 14 January 2011, the Company successfully issued RMB 2 billion 10.5% synthetic bonds due in 5 years with settlement in US dollars and became the first PRC real estate enterprise that issue synthetic bonds successfully. The successful issuance of bonds has further enhanced the Group s risk tolerance level to ensure the continuing development of the Group.
Focusing on the optimization of product structure While pursuing high quality, the Group also places importance on the optimization of product structure. It insists on business development with a focus on mid- to high-end products and is committed to developing a mid-end product line that corresponds to rigid demand. It also strategically develops high-end properties based on its successful experience in the development of World City in Beijing to satisfy the multiple needs of the market. Besides developing residential properties, the Group is also speeding up the development of quality investment properties. Our Fortune Plaza located at new city area of Quanzhou, the Gold Coast located at Shishi, Quanzhou and project located at Anshan of Liaoning Province are all planned to be developed into composite city-complex projects in order to increase the rental revenue of the Group, thus enhancing our ability to cope with 
Placing great emphasis on property management services We will also continue to place emphasis on professional property management and try our best to provide excellent property services to property owners and create a fine living environment. In future, we will continue to maintain strategic co-operation partnerships with international property management companies and continue to explore innovative management models that meet the needs of property owners based on a regulated and standardized management system.

Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere appreciation to all shareholders and investors for their trust in our Company, all business partners for your unreserved support and all our staff for your excellent contribution to the development of our Group in the past year! Wong Chiu Yeung 
Hong Kong, China 23 March 2011 