Chairman s Statement Wong Chiu Yeung 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of China SCE Property Holdings Limited ( China SCE or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ), I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 
The macro environment was not easy for the PRC s property developers during 2011. In order to strengthen and improve the effect of macroeconomic control measures and promote the stable and healthy development of the real estate market, the central government introduced macroeconomic control policies entitled The Eight New Rules on 26 January 2011. This demonstrated the strong intention of the central government to strengthen control over the property market and curb rising property prices. The introduction of The Eight New Rules further constrained room for investment and speculation in the residential property sector and resulted in a drastic decrease in trading volume of commodity housing in cities where purchase restriction was implemented.
Entering the fourth quarter, wait-and-see sentiment in the market became more grave, leading to a substantial decrease in the overall real estate market.
The operating environment became increasingly difficult due to policy pressures, which in turn brought about more severe challenges to developers. The Group continued to proactively cope with the normalised macroeconomic control measures and managed to deliver satisfactory results through prudent and forward-looking operating strategies.
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS For the year ended 31 December 2011, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately RMB3,770 million and a gross profit of approximately RMB1,543 million, representing a decrease of 8.7% and 3.2% respectively over 2010. Profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to approximately RMB716 million, representing a decrease of 24.3% from the previous year.
Despite the decrease in profit, in return for the tremendous support of our shareholders, the Board of the Company recommends the distribution of a final dividend of HK4 cents per share to shareholders for the year ended 2011.

During the year under review, the Group was clearly aware of the serious circumstance in the market and had made meticulous planning of, and adjustments to financing, project roll-out and land purchasing strategies, achieving good results. During the year, realised contract sales area of the Group was approximately 0.51 million sq.m. and contract sales amount was approximately RMB4,573 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 5.3% and 26.8% respectively; the average property price was RMB8,897 per sq.m., representing an increase of 20.3% from the previous year. During the year, the Group took the following active counter-measures: Firstly, in January 2011, the Group successfully issued RMB2 billion of US$-settled RMB denominated five-year synthetic bonds with a coupon rate of 10.5%, and became the first real estate company which successfully issued synthetic RMB bonds in 2011.
This is another significant financing achievement subsequent to its listing in Hong Kong in 2010, providing sufficient cash flow for the Group and strengthening our ability against risks. The successful issue of bonds also indicates the Group s correct anticipation of the capital market trend.
Secondly, the Group speeded up the roll-out of new projects to accelerate the recovery of funds. The Group rolled out six new projects during the year, namely Fortune Plaza " Royal Terrace, Sapphire Peninsula and Sunshine Mansion in Quanzhou, Provence Town in Xiamen, Sapphire Boomtown Phase 1 in Zhangzhou and Sapphire Villa Phase 1 in Tangshan. There were four new projects rolled out in the first half of the year, and the pre-sale amount realised in the first half of the year represented 62% of that for the whole year, which evidenced the Group s accurate anticipation of the real estate market trend of the year.
In respect of the land purchasing strategy, the Group still insisted on its prudent principles and carefully managed land purchasing timing and manner. Due to a sign of downturn in the real estate market, the Group also made a proper adjustment to its land purchasing plan and only purchased three parcels of land in 2011, with a total planned gross floor area ( GFA ) of approximately 1.21 million sq.m. For the year ended 31 December 2011, the Group together with its jointly-controlled entities and associates owned a total planned GFA of approximately 8.00 million sq.m. (the attributable portion of the Group was approximately 5.53 million sq.m.). In terms of the layout, the West Taiwan Strait Economic Zone is still the focus of our development, and 64% of the Group s land bank was located in the West Taiwan Strait Economic Zone. As anticipated under the current development, we believe that the existing land bank will satisfy our development needs in the next four to five years.

The year of 2012 for the property industry is still a year full of changes. At the end of January, Premier of the State Council, Wen Jiabao, chaired the sixth Plenary Meeting of the State Council, reiterating that the State will continue to strictly implement and gradually perfect policy measures for curbing investment and speculation needs so as to facilitate property prices to return to a reasonable level. Therefore, we have reason to believe that the downturn in the real estate market since the second half of 2011 will persist in the first half of 2012.
Although there are uncertainties existing in the real estate market in the short term, we strongly believe that the rigid demand of the property market driven by the accelerating urbanisation process and the demand for improved housing arising from increasing social wealth exist objectively. The outlook for the PRC s real estate market is still promising in the long term. The Group is clearly aware that in a particular period in which the market is undergoing significant changes, the continued pursuit of perfection is the best strategy to distinguish itself from its competitors. Accordingly, the Group s future work will be focused on maintaining safe cash flow, speeding up the pre-sale process, laying emphasis on product quality consistently and perfecting cost control as well as enhancing the building up of the management team.

Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere appreciation to all staff for your diligence and contributions in the past year. Also, I would like to take this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude to our investors, clients and partners for their care and support as always! Wong Chiu Yeung 
Hong Kong, China 28 March 2012 