CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
I am pleased to present the results of the
Group for the year ended 31 December 2016.
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
For the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately RMB12.481 billion, representing
an increase of approximately 16.8% over last year. Profit for the year and profit attributable to owners of the parent
amounted to approximately RMB2.440 billion and RMB2.072 billion, respectively, representing a growth of approximately
55.6% and 125.6% as compared with last year. Earnings per share was approximately RMB60.5 cents, representing an
increase of approximately 125.6% over last year. In 2016, the gross profit margin and the net profit margin of the Group
were 25.0% and 19.6%, respectively, representing a decrease of 3.2 percentage points and an increase of 4.9 percentage
points over last year, respectively.
In appreciation of the tremendous support of our shareholders, the Board resolved to declare the payment of a final
dividend of HK14 cents per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2016 to shareholders, totalling approximately
HK$479 million, subject to the approval by shareholders of the Company in the forthcoming annual general meeting of
the Company. The full-year dividend payout ratio amounted to 31.1% of the core profit attributable to owners of the
parent.
CONTRACTED SALES
In 2016, the overall property market in China stayed at a high level. In the first half of the year, with the loose fiscal
policies in the banking sector and the introduction of reform of the housing system by the Central Government, rigid
demand and upgrader demand in housing were encouraged. The favourable policies lured tremendous demand from
people who have rigid needs, upgraders and speculators, resulting in a substantial rise in the transaction volumes in the
property market with a constant upsurge in sales prices. Since the third quarter of the year, in order to alleviate the
pressure of surging commodity housing prices, various restrictions on property purchase and mortgage loans have been
once again implemented in certain popular first- and second-tier cities, leading to a slight downward trend in the
transaction volumes of the commodity housing while the prices remained at a high level. Meanwhile, destocking pressure
remained high in most of the third- and fourth-tier cities, which intensified city differentiation. Throughout 2016, the
overall property market in China showed increases in both the transaction volumes and prices with a record high in
absolute terms.
During the year of 2016, the Group (together with its joint ventures and associates) outperformed approximately 51.8%
of the annual sales target of RMB15.5 billion with the contracted sales amount over RMB20 billion and achieved recordhigh
contracted sales amount reaching approximately RMB23.524 billion and contracted sales area of approximately 1.66
million sq.m. for the year, representing an increase of approximately 62.1% and 33.1% over last year, respectively. In
terms of cash collection, the Group has also achieved satisfactory results with the cash collection rate of property sales for
the year reaching 93.0%.
During the year, the Group (together with its joint ventures and associates) had more than 50 projects on sales in 13
cities, among which 11 projects were newly launched for sale, namely Polaris and Sunshine Mansion in Beijing, SCE Plaza
Phase 2 and The Royal Bay in Shanghai, Sunshine City Phase 2 in Shenzhen, Marina Bay and City Twilight in Tianjin, The
Royal Green in Hangzhou, Uptown in Nanchang and SCE Plaza and Sunshine Park Phase 2 in Quanzhou. In terms of
contracted sales amount in 2016, the contribution from the first- and second-tier cities accounted for approximately
65.8%. This marked the success of the Group’s strategy of “Focusing on First-tier Cities and Quality Second-tier Cities”.
Apart from the sales boom in the first- and second-tier cities, the transaction volumes in the third- and fourth-tier cities
also rose progressively driven by popular cities, with a significant expansion in the increase in prices. During the year, the
Group recorded good sales performance in Quanzhou, Zhangzhou and Yanjiao. The contracted sales amounts of these
three cities accounted for approximately 29.6% of the contracted sales amount of the Group (together with its joint
ventures and associates).
LAND BANK STRATEGY
The vigorous land markets were driven by the prosperous momentum of the real estate market, leading to the frequent
emergence of “Prime Land”. The Group adhered to the principle of prudent land expansion, and never demonstrates
reckless aggression. Under the intense competition in the bidding of land, the Land Development Department of the
Group strengthened its close co-operation with the Sales and Marketing Department and the Design Department of the
Group, putting emphasis on innovation, and the enhancement of product positioning and the ability of exploring value so
as to be prepared for land bidding. On the other hand, the Group is proactively seeking opportunities for land acquisition
to increase its land bank with a more reasonable cost. In 2016, the Group acquired nine projects in the first-tier cities and
quality second-tier cities located in Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Nanjing, Hangzhou and Suzhou, respectively, through
bidding and acquisition, with an above-ground buildable area of approximately 1.68 million sq.m., at a land consideration
of approximately RMB11.6 billion. The average land cost was approximately RMB7,166 per sq.m. Among which, the land
acquired through acquisition had an above-ground buildable area of approximately 1.14 million sq.m., with huge
potential for earnings growth.
MARKETING STRATEGY
We are always in awe of the market. Our top priority is to pay close attention to market changes, and design and sell
suitable products according to the market demand. Currently, China’s urbanisation process is still underway. A large
amount of young population flocks to first- and second-tier cities to seek jobs. All these factors determine that rigid
demand in housing will inevitably last for a much longer period. As a result, regarding the design of rigid demand
projects, we provided more units with two rooms of GFA ranging from 60-70 sq.m. and units with three rooms of GFA
ranging from 89-100 sq.m. These small units are relatively low in price with more suitable design, which can satisfy the
rigid demand of the said young aged group and are welcomed by the market. With the improvement of people’s living
standards as well as the introduction of policies such as the two-child policy, upgrader demand is also increasingly
prominent, which gradually transformed into another sense of “Rigid Demand”. Regarding such a trend, the Company
designed and launched units such as villas with smaller area and larger three-room units to accommodate the demand
from upgraders.
In addition, we are well prepared in grasping the opportunity in unit launch. In the second half of 2016, restrictions on
property purchase and mortgage loans were implemented again in certain popular cities. We proactively respond to the
market changes by identifying the direction of the demand and selling products, such as SOHO apartments, with no
restriction on purchase and mortgage loan in an orderly manner so as to boost up our sales. Proactive adjustment and
flexible sales strategies devoted outstanding contribution towards the Company’s achievement of a higher level of
contracted sales results throughout the year.
FINANCIAL STRATEGY
Sound and healthy financial system lays the foundation for the continuous operation of the real estate developers. During
the year, the Group proactively launched new projects in first- and second-tier cities and increased its efforts in destocking
in third- and fourth-tier cities. With a more favourable cash collection, the Group had a strong cash flow base.
Regarding financing, the Group proactively makes use of the financing platform while strictly controls its gearing ratio. In
the beginning of 2016, the Company obtained financing by way of a term loan in the principal amount of US$400 million
with a term of three years and six months at an annual interest rate of LIBOR plus 4.2%. The Company applied the said
capital for the redemption of the senior notes at a coupon rate of 11.5% due 2017 to optimise its debt structure. In
2016, the weighted average financing costs of the Group decreased from approximately 9.1% last year to approximately
6.8%. Meanwhile, in order to mitigate the foreign exchange risks resulting from the expected depreciation of Renminbi,
the Group has entered into certain capped forward cross currency swap contracts for the indebtedness of US$750 million.
OUTLOOK
Since the third quarter of 2016, with the split of levels of the real estate market, the Central Government implemented
policies according to cities. On one hand, it implemented the policy of restrictions on property purchase and mortgage
loans in popular cities. On the other hand, it implemented policies encouraging destocking of the third- and fourth-tier
cities with a high level of stocks. At the Central Economic Work Conference in December 2016, the Central Government
discussed the development orientation of the industry, monetary and credit policies, and destocking regarding the real
estate market, with a clear emphasis on the residential nature of housing, in support of reasonable demand for credit
lines, as well as the enhancement of the effective supply of land. A series of measures initiated by the Central
Government aims to restrain the unreasonable housing demand and further cool down the overheated real estate market
in popular cities, so as to resume a rational real estate market.
Under the guidance of the policies implemented by the Central Government and local governments, the Group
anticipates that the magnitude of the increase in transaction volumes of the real estate market in popular cities may be
narrowed in 2017, while the transaction prices are likely to remain at a high level. Third- and fourth-tier cities will be
benefited from the encouraging policies and spillover effects of the popular cities, for which the pressure on integration is
expected to be relieved. In the long run, the Group is still full of confidence in the prospects of the real estate market as
our country is gradually promoting the new-type urbanisation development and the construction of the long-term
mechanism of the real estate market.
From the strategic point of view, the Group is still in favour of the development of the real estate market in the first- and
second-tier cities. We will adhere to the strategy of “Focusing on First-tier Cities and Quality Second-tier Cities” by
exploring the development opportunities in these cities on an on-going basis. The Group is going to enter into two to
three core cities each year in order to enhance the reputation of the Company in first-tier cities and quality second-tier
cities. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to cooperate with other real estate developers to develop synergies and
diversify investment risks.
Apart from engaging in property development, the Group also proactively participated in primary land development
project for the purpose of storage of land parcels for industrial parks, and treated it as a strategic business. Going forward
to 2017, the Group will accelerate the development pace of its primary land development project located in Quanzhou.
The project occupies a site area of approximately 3.11 million sq.m., which is intended to be planned to be a livable
coastal eco-town with industrial parks. The Group has successfully developed and acquired an area of approximately
670,000 sq.m. for the land parcel of the industrial parks. The Group believes that the project will become another
profitable growth point for the Group.
In 2017, the Group will continue to promote the development progress of the projects steadily, so as to provide the
Group with sufficient area available for sale. In 2017, the Group and its joint ventures expect to launch 11 projects for
pre-sales. Most of them are located in first- and second-tier cities, including The Paramount and Jade Plaza in Beijing, Sky
Horizon, The Glamour and The Paramount in Shanghai, Royal Palace and Garden Terrace in Tianjin, International Finance
Centre Phase 2, Gold Coast Phase 3, Nan’an World City and SCE Mall (Shishi) Phase 2 in Quanzhou.
2017 marks the milestone of the Group’s development. This year, the Group has relocated its headquarters to Shanghai
for its business operations in response to the in-depth arrangement of the Yangtze River Delta strategic approach. The
Company will continue to strengthen the control model of its headquarters and constantly deepen the organisational
management reform so as to achieve significant breakthroughs in terms of strategies, processes and the establishment of
human resources, while further optimise the operational management. The Group believes that with Shanghai as the
base, the Group will achieve a greater leap in its development of the Group by gathering the advantages of the resources
and talents in the first-tier city, focusing on fine operations and intensive regional development. The coming year is bound
to be a year full of opportunities and challenges. The Group looks forward to working with all our employees together
under the new environment so as to achieve outstanding results!
APPRECIATION
Last but not least, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere appreciation to all staff of the Company, our
shareholders, clients and business partners!
Wong Chiu Yeung
Chairman
Hong Kong, China
27 February 2017