CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of China SCE Property Holdings Limited ( China SCE or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ), I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2014.
Wong Chiu Yeung 
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS For the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately RMB6.887 billion and a profit of approximately RMB1.567 billion, representing an increase of approximately 4.5% and approximately 33.4%, respectively over last year. The gross profit margin and the core net profit margin were approximately 34.9% and approximately 14.6%, respectively , representing a significant increase of 6.9 percentage points and 3.6 percentage points, 
In 2014, profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to approximately RMB901 million, representing a growth of approximately 1.4% as compared to that of last year. Earnings per share were approximately RMB26.3 cents.
The Board resolved not to declare any final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2014.

During 2014, the Group launched ten new projects for sale including Sunshine City Phase 1 in Shenzhen; Sapphire Boomtown in Nanchang; Sunshine Park Phase 1, SCE Mall, Portion B of Gold Coast Phase 1 and Gold Coast Phase 2 in Quanzhou; Sapphire Boomtown Phase 3 and Sunshine City Phase 2 in Zhangzhou; Sunshine City Phase 1 in Langfang; and SCE International Community Phase 3 in Linfen. During the year, the overall market conditions for the real estate industry in the PRC appeared dire. However, the Group formulated and executed positively flexible and effective marketing strategies, recording relatively satisfactory sales performance.

In 2014, the Group and its joint ventures reported stable growth in the operating results, and reached new heights in terms of contracted sales. In 2014, the Group and its joint ventures achieved a contracted sales amount of approximately RMB11.908 billion and a contracted sales area of approximately 1.3 million sq.m., respectively, representing an increase of approximately 10% and approximately 28% as compared against last year. During the year, we continued to consolidate our market share in the West Taiwan Strait Economic Zone, in particular in Quanzhou.
According to statistical information available from independent third-party research institutions, China SCE ranked first in terms of sales amount and sales area, outperforming other market players in Quanzhou and the Greater Quanzhou Core Area throughout 2014. In addition, three new projects outside Fujian Province, namely Sunshine City Phase 1 in Shenzhen, Sapphire Boomtown in Nanchang, and Sunshine City Phase 1 in Langfang, were successfully launched for sale. The aggregate contracted sales amount of these three projects was extraordinary, accounting for approximately 24% of the total contracted sales amount for the year.
Replenishment of Land Bank in a Timely Basis The Group continued to maintain its prudent attitude in expanding its land bank. In 2014, the Group meticulously studied the land locations and its estimated profit level. Based on strong support in the form of adequate cash flow, the Group acquired four additional parcels of land with an aggregate planned GFA of approximately 680,000 sq.m. at a total consideration of approximately RMB3,450 million. Of these four parcels, one project is located in Pudong New District, Shanghai, targeting at the market of premium homeowners who look for property upgrades. The other three parcels are all located in Fujian Province, where our primary business operation locates. During the year, additional land banks were secured in cities where we currently operate our projects. It is believed that their operation in the future will generate synergies, thus reducing operational costs.
As at 31 December 2014, the Group and its joint ventures owned a land bank with an aggregate planned GFA of approximately 10.46 million sq.m. (the aggregate planned GFA attributable to the Group was approximately 7.00 
Flexible Marketing Strategies During 2014, the real estate market was in general faced with a declining predicament, in particular the pressure from sell-through rates in certain third- and fourth-tier cities with high inventory levels. During the year, the Group s sales team proactively adjusted its marketing strategies. With increasing discount incentives in place, the Group recorded a relative satisfactory performance in terms of sell-through rate and cash collection rate. The cash collection rate of the property sales for 2014 was approximately 91%.
Well-positioned Product Lines We always adhere to the quality of our products. Based on this, the Group gauged the market demand in 2014 to adjust the proportion of our product profile. The mid-end and mid-high-end products with an area ranging from 50 sq.m. to 100 sq.m. were our main products. In our opinion, our product lines are well-positioned based on the market demand which can facilitate our sales.

Prudent Financial Strategies The Group persistently maintained its prudent and healthy financial strategies, stringently controlled the cash flow and gearing ratio, and proactively broadened its financing channels. In January 2014, the Group obtained a syndicate loan equivalent to approximately HK$700 million for a term of three years, with an annual rate of LIBORHIBOR plus 5%. Our active efforts made in the capital market not only provided funds required for our ongoing operations, but also prepared us well to lower financing costs effectively.

As early as the third quarter of 2014, the PRC Central Government gradually loosened the policies regulating housing purchases and loan restrictions in the real estate market, the fiscal policies and control initiatives tended to phase out.
Market mechanism became increasingly apparent. In 2015, the PRC Central Government is expected to roll out more lax monetary policies to stimulate the weak economy. We expect it would still take some time to alleviate the pressure from the sell-through rate due to the high inventory level in third- and fourth-tier cities. Meanwhile, first- and second-tier cities will continue their mild growth momentum evolving from the second half of 2014.
In respect of strategic distribution, we will continue to consolidate our national development strategy focused on the West Taiwan Strait Economic Zone, the Yangtze River Delta Economic Zone, the Bohai Rim Economic Zone and the Pearl River Delta Economic Zone. In addition, we are committed to improving the market share in Fujian Province, in particular the Southern Fujian area, with a view to outperform other market players by our more comprehensive advantages during the market consolidation. Apart from that, we will continue to explore development opportunities in first- and second-tier cities outside the West Taiwan Strait Economic Zone.
In terms of product strategies, we will continue to stand firm on our product quality, which lays the solid foundation to develop a more recognizable brand and maintain a sustainable business operation. It is noted that the housing demand has shifted from the basic survival to home upgrade and living comfort, and therefore our new undertaking focuses more on research and development of our products and designs that cater to the demand of potential customers. In addition, we will always be attentive to our aftersales services and further improve our professional property management. We believe high quality products, which accommodate customer needs and help maintain and appreciate the property value for homeowners, will enable us to stand out amidst the intense market competition.

Last but not least, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere appreciation to all staff for their diligence and contributions in the past year. I would also like to take this opportunity to express our gratitude for the trust and attention from our shareholders, bondholders, business partners and customers! Wong Chiu Yeung 
Hong Kong, China 17 March 2015 