CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of the Company, I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 
Wong Chiu Yeung 
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS For the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately RMB10.69 billion, representing an increase of approximately 55.2% over last year. The gross profit margin and the core net profit margin were approximately 28.2% and 12.4%, respectively, representing a decrease of 6.7 percentage points and 2.2 percentage points over last year, respectively.
In 2015, profit for the year and profit attributable to owners of the parent of the Group amounted to approximately RMB1.569 billion and RMB918.66 million, respectively, representing a growth of approximately 0.1% and 2.0% as compared with last year. Earnings per share was approximately RMB26.8 cents.
In appreciation of the tremendous support of our shareholders, the Board resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK5 cents per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2015 to shareholders, totalling approximately HK$171.19 million, subject to the approval by shareholders of the Company in the forthcoming annual general meeting; together with the paid interim dividend of HK5 cents per ordinary share for the year 2015, the full-year dividend payout ratio amounted to approximately 30.5% of profit attributable to owners of the parent.

Throughout 2015, both of the domestic and international economies struggled to cope with intensified challenges, with China experiencing economic downturn and recession. Against such a backdrop, the People s Bank of China adopted a loose monetary policy to stimulate economic growth, which brought apparent benefits to the property sector. In the first half of 2015, the property sector gradually came out of recession as a number of favourable macro-control policies were introduced in succession. Under the continued support from favourable government policies, the property market rebounded and saw a steady growth in transaction volumes in the second half of 2015. In terms of destocking by cities, sales volumes of commodity housing continued to increase in first- and second-tier cities, facilitating destocking and pushing up sales prices, particularly in Shenzhen. On the other hand, destocking pressure remained high in the third- and 
During the year of 2015, with the concerted efforts of our staff, the Group and its joint ventures outperformed annual sales target (RMB13.5 billion) for the year and achieved record-high contracted sales amount of approximately RMB14.511 billion and contracted sales area of approximately 1.25 million sq.m., representing an increase of approximately 21.9% and a decrease of approximately 4.4% over last year, respectively.
The Group and its joint ventures together launched seven new projects to the market in the year, including three projects located in Shanghai, namely The Prestige, Marina Bay and SCE Plaza Phase 1. In terms of contribution to total contracted sales, the proportion of contracted sales amount from the first- and second-tier cities outside Fujian Province continued to increase, reaching approximately 41.4% of total contracted sales, of which the contribution from Shanghai and Shenzhen accounted for approximately 36.4% of total contracted sales. This demonstrated that the Group s strategy of Focusing on first-tier cities and quality second-tier cities has made initial achievements.
In 2015, the Group proactively adjusted its marketing strategy to cope with the fluctuations of the real estate market. We flexibly implemented favourable incentive strategies by offering special offers and discounts in the third- and fourth-tier cities with high stock level to facilitate destocking and cash collection. We launched new projects at the right time in the first-tier cities such as Shanghai and Shenzhen to maintain our growth momentum. In addition, the Group put great emphasis on online and offline sales mode and made big breakthrough in internet marketing. In the second half of the year, we introduced the popular concept of Double 11 into housing sales by initiating Double 11 House Purchase Festival and achieved impressive results with contracted amount up to approximately RMB2.5 billion in November, not only setting a new record for monthly sales amount but also making it easier for us to achieve our annual sales target.
Apart from outstanding results in contracted sales, the Group has made remarkable achievements in cash collection. The cash collection rate of property sales for 2015 was approximately 102.4%.

During 2015, the Group achieved remarkable performance in optimisation of debt structure. In July, the Company successfully completed the issuance of 10.0% five-year senior notes due 2020 in the principal amount of US$350 million.
In October and December, Xiamen Zhongjun, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, completed the issuance of the first and second tranches of the domestic corporate bonds in the principal amount of RMB3.5 billion with a term of five years at a weighted average coupon rate of 5.2% per annum. In February 2016, the Company made a drawdown of a syndicated loan of US$400 million for a term of three years and six months at an annual interest rate of LIBOR plus 4.2%.
The above optimisation measures for debt structure will effectively and significantly reduce the financing costs of the Group and prolong the average loan maturity period; and orderly decreased the percentage of offshore foreign currency loans, thereby mitigating the exchange risks resulted from the volatility of Renminbi.

In 2015, the Group focused on expanding its land bank in first-tier cities and quality second-tier cities, and acquired four parcels of land located in Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin and Nanchang of Jiangxi Province, respectively, with an aggregate planned GFA of approximately 461,000 sq.m., at a total consideration of approximately RMB3.404 billion. The average land cost was approximately 7,375 per sq.m. In addition, the Group, partnering with other real estate developers (including China Vanke Co., Ltd., Gemdale Corporation, CIFI Holdings (Group) Co., Ltd. and C&D Real Estate Corporation Limited), successfully won the bid for parcels of land in Tianjin and Quanzhou. The cooperation with these real estate developers to jointly develop such parcels of land would generate synergy effects and diversify the investment risks of the 
All of these land banks acquired in the year are located in first-tier and quality second-tier cities, which reflected our consistent strategy of Focusing on first-tier cities and quality second-tier cities and demonstrated our strong confidence in the prospects of the real estate markets in these cities.

In 2016, China s economy is expected to experience a continued decline, while the favourable industry policies in relation to the real estate sector and the loose monetary policy will not change in the short term. Overall, the positive incentive effect from the policy-based support has emerged. At the same time, the Group is also aware that the development of the real estate sector finally depends on its internal adjustment and shall be back to the normal track of growth. In view of the rigid demand for housing resulted from the net inflow of population in the first- and second-tier cities, the Group remains optimistic about the prospects of the real estate markets in these cities. For third- and fourth-tier cities, however, the destocking pressure will remain high in a considerable period of time. In 2016, in addition to enhancing its leading position in Fujian Province, the Group will stick to its regional focus strategy and keep a close eye on any other development opportunities in the first- and second-tier cities, striving to achieve continuing operation and business 
Leveraging its operational experience in the real estate sector accumulated over the years, the Group has developed a high-quality and high-turnover operation model, and established its own systems in acquiring land resources, project development, marketing management and capital operation, laying a solid foundation for its business development in the future. With the joint efforts of all staff, the Group is expected to make a more diversified and greater progress in 2016.
In 2016, the Group expects to launch eight new projects for pre-sales, including Polaris and Changping Project in Beijing, Sunshine City Phase 2 in Shenzhen, Marina Bay in Tianjin, Uptown in Nanchang, and SCE Plaza, International Finance Centre Phase 2 and Sunshine Park Phase 2 in Quanzhou. In addition, the projects of the Group s joint ventures and associate in Beijing, Tianjin and Quanzhou will also be launched in 2016. Together with the unsold portions of the projects previously launched, the area available for sale of the Group and its joint ventures will amount to approximately 1.8 million sq.m. in 2016. The Group expects that the contracted sales of Group will continue to grow in 2016, and the proportion of contracted sales in first- and second-tier cities outside Fujian Province will continue to increase, which will lay a foundation for the future results of the Group.

Last but not least, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere appreciation to all staff, our shareholders, bondholders, business partners and clients! Wong Chiu Yeung 
Hong Kong, China 17 March 2016 