CHairman S Statement Wong Chiu Yeung 
on behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of China SCE Property Holdings Limited ( China SCE or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ), I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2013.
reSUltS anD DiViDenDS For the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately RMB6,588 million and a profit of approximately RMB1,174 million, representing an increase of approximately 81.2% and approximately 30.3% respectively over last year. Profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to approximately RMB888 million.
Earnings per share was approximately RMB25.9 cents, representing an increase of approximately 32.1% over last year.
the Company has paid an interim dividend of HK6 cents per ordinary share for the six months ended 30 June 2013 to shareholders during the year. the Board resolved not to declare any final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2013.

In 2013, the PRC real estate market continued its upward trend carried forward from 2012, with both sales volume and price increasing. Such rises were prominent in first-tier and second-tier cities. During the year, the Group launched 12 new projects, including International Finance Center " The Regent, Fortune Plaza " Marina Bay and Sunshine City in Quanzhou, SCE Mall and the Prestige in Shishi, Sunshine town Phase 2 and Parkview Bay in nan an, the Prestige in Xiamen, Sapphire Boomtown Phase 2 and Sunshine City Phase 1 in Zhangzhou, Sapphire Boomtown in Longyan and SCE International Community Phase 2 in Linfen. All of these projects recorded satisfactory sales performance.
Benefiting from reasonable marketing plans and effective sales strategies, the contracted sales amount of the Group and its joint ventures hit a new high record. During the year, the Group and its joint ventures achieved a contracted sales amount of approximately RMB10.82 billion and a contracted sales area of approximately 1,020,000 sq.m., representing a significant year-on-year increase of 80% and 52%, respectively. this is the first time for the Group and its joint ventures surmounting a breakthrough in contracted sales amount of over RMB10 billion, which exceeds the sales target of RMB7.5 billion set for the year by approximately 44%.

In 2013, the Group accelerated the development of projects to replenish saleable property units. there were 12 new properties which commenced construction during the year, namely Sunshine City Phase 1 in Shenzhen, Fortune Plaza " Marina Bay and Sunshine City in Quanzhou, SCE Mall, the Prestige and Part B of Gold Coast Phase 1 in Shishi, Sunshine town Phase 2 and Parkview Bay in nan an, Sunshine Park Phase 1 in Jinjiang, Part A of Sunshine City Phase 1 in Zhangzhou, Sapphire Boomtown in Longyan, and SCE International Community Phase 2 in Linfen.
As at 31 December 2013, the Group had 16 properties under development with an aggregate planned GFA of over 3 
Backed up by the strong cash flow position in 2013, the Group expedited its business expansion. We have acquired eight plots of new land with an aggregate planned GFA of approximately 2.02 million sq.m.. the total consideration for the land acquisition was approximately RMB7.21 billion (consideration attributable to the Group was approximately RMB5.16 billion), with average land cost of approximately RMB3,589 per sq.m..
Wherein, the successful bidding for two land parcels located in Hongqiao Central Business District and Putuo District of Shanghai represented our successful penetration into the Yangtze River Delta market, which undoubtedly marks a milestone in our business expansion.

In 2013, the Group maintained a safe and healthy financial position with support of sufficient capital from diversified financing channels. In January 2013, the Group successfully issued an addition of US$150 million 11.5% senior notes due 2017 to institutional investors with an actual yield of only approximately 9.4%, which has been consolidated and formed a single series with the US$200 million 11.5% senior notes issued in november 2012. In early January 2014, the Group secured a three-year syndicated loan including US$27 million and HK$500 million at an interest rate of LIBoR HIBoR plus 5% per annum. these efforts for sufficient cash flow have not only enhanced our reputation in the international capital markets, more importantly, they had provided strong sources of funding for the development and business expansion of the Group.
In addition, the Group pays close attention to the progress of collecting sales proceeds to achieve an accelerated cash flow. During the year, we had realised a higher cash collection rate of approximately 82%.

Being a real estate developer with stable and healthy development history, the Group will evaluate situations in light of long-term development, continue to capture market opportunities for development, and steadily expand its business.
In respect of our geographical distribution, we will continue to implement our development strategies across China with the focus on the West taiwan Strait Economic Zone, the Bohai Rim Economic Zone, the Yangtze River Delta Economic Zone and the Pearl River Delta Economic Zone. In the foreseeable future, we will continue to keep the West taiwan Strait Economic Zone as our development base, and pay sustained attention to the market opportunities in the first-tier and second-tier cities beyond the West taiwan Strait Economic Zone. With our successful access to the market in Shanghai, we have now successfully entered three first-tier cities, namely Beijing, Shanghai, and Shenzhen.
For our marketing plans, in 2014, we will continue to increase the percentage of contracted sales amount from regions other than Fujian Province. Wherein, the three new properties located beyond Fujian Province, namely Sunshine City Phase 1 in Shenzhen, Sunshine City Phase 1 in Langfang, and Sapphire Boomtown in nanchang, are expected to contribute a relatively significant portion of contracted sales amount to the Group.
For our product strategy, we will continue to adjust our product mix and emphasise particularly on developing mid-end and mid-high-end product mix for rigid and improved housing demands. At the same time, we also plan to implement our product strategy of increasing the proportion of small-size units to attract potential customers. Such product strategy is featured by Small-size Unit, with Low total Price .
Meanwhile, we will continue to shape our brand image with constant pursuit of high-quality products, which we believe is the basis to form brand awareness and improve profitability as well as the powerful guarantee of our further market exploitation. our long-term commitment is that we are devoted to building high-quality products to cater customer needs. Currently, we have earned a good word-of-mouth reputation and brand perception in the West taiwan Strait Economic Zone. In the future, we will strive to achieve high brand awareness in the regions where we operate our 
For investment properties, in 2014, Fortune Plaza " World City in Quanzhou, our second large-scale shopping mall after World City in Beijing, will be launched to the market as scheduled, which is expected to produce stable and considerable rental income to resist market risks.
Besides, we will also continue to emphasise our professional property management to provide property owners with thorough and considerate after-sales services. We believe that a high level of property management will not only help to add value in our properties, but also enhance customers confidence in us.

Last but not least, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere appreciation to all staff for their diligence and contributions in the past year. I would also like to take this opportunity to express our gratitude to our investors, customers, and business partners.
Wong Chiu Yeung 
Hong Kong, China 18 March 2014 