Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the annual results of China SCE Property Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December, 2009.
In 2009, the China economy gradually walked away from the shadow of the global financial crisis and was one of the first to record stable recovery around the world. The economy was in good shape with low inflation and high growth rate. The real estate industry in China also rebounded strongly and became one of the fastest growing industries in the national economy. In 2009, the annual property investment amount completed was RMB3,623.2 billion, increased by 16.1% year-on-year. Residential property construction area was 3,196.50 million sq.m., increased by 12.8% year-on-year. Sales of residential properties were particularly strong, the sales area of commodity housing exceeded 937.13 million sq.m. in 2009, representing an increase of 42.1% year-on-year. With increasing demand in the real estate industry, the prices of commodity housing also surged.
2009 was also a year of accelerated development and rapid elevation for the Company. During the year, all staff of the Group worked together to prepare for listing, as a result all the preliminary work prior to listing was done systematically and efficiently.
Under the efforts of all our staff and the professionals involved, the Company listed successfully on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 5 February 2010 and became the first domestic real estate enterprise listed in Hong Kong in 2010. The listing of the Company received positive response under the strong support from the public investors, evidencing recognition of the product quality and management of the Company by all sectors of the social community. The Company believes that our successful presence on the international capital market will establish a more stable foundation for the long- term development of the Company.
On reviewing 2009, the Group s results were satisfying. The sales revenue and gross profit of the Group were approximately RMB586 million and RMB294 million respectively, representing an increase of 77.1% and 129.7% respectively as compared to the same period of the previous year. Profit attributable to owners of the parent was RMB373 million, increased by 121.7% year- 
On land bank, the Group, together with its jointly-controlled entities and associates owned a land bank with an aggregated total gross floor area and planned gross floor area of 6.87 million sq.m. as at 31 December 2009. We believe the existing land bank will be sufficient to satisfy our development and construction needs for three to five years.
On the development of corporate strategies, the Company will continue to refine our operations in the Fujian market, focus our efforts on expanding market share, maintain our leading position and adhere to excellence in quality to maintain the sustainable competitiveness of the Company. In future development, the Company will leverage on the successful development of World City in Beijing for strategic expansion into the Bohai Economic Rim with Beijing as the centre and implement the nationwide development strategy led by the Western Taiwan Strait Economic Zone, Bohai Economic Rim and Pearl River Delta Economic Zone. In addition, while enhancing the performance of mid- to high-end residential properties, the Company will increase the holding of quality commercial properties as appropriate so as to expand the sources of cash revenue and strengthen our risk 
In order to ensure the healthy and stable development of the real estate industry, since the end of 2009 and the beginning of 2010, the central government of the PRC has launched a number of new measures to control the overheating real estate market, which will have certain impact on the development trend and future mode of operation of the real estate market in China. As the land bank of the Company is mostly located in second and third tier cities with stronger demand from owner-occupiers, therefore, it is justifiable for us to believe that the effect of macroeconomic controls on the Company will be relatively small. In addition, the Western Taiwan Strait is currently a development region with key support from the central government of the PRC, with the improvement of ancillary policies, it is believed that the Western Taiwan Strait Zone will become an important force for driving the real estate trend. As disclosed in the prospectus, most of the property development projects of the Company are currently located in Fujian Province, we may leverage on and benefit from the future economic development and growth of the Fujian Province which is the key constituent, particularly of the Western Taiwan Strait Economic Zone.
Moreover, the urbanization rate of China is still far below the level in developed countries. With rapid development of the economy, the urbanization progress in China will continue to accelerate. It is believed that in the next 10 to 20 years, housing demand in China will remain robust. Therefore, I am very optimistic about the long-term development prospect of the real estate market in China and full of confidence regarding the future development of the Company. Being one of the leading developers of high end properties in Fujian Province, the Company will advance further on the basis of our emphasis on product quality and strive to create better return for our shareholders.
The distinguished performance of the Company is the fruitful result of the concerted efforts of our professional management and dedicated working teams as well as the strong support from all sectors of the social community. On behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company, I would like to express our sincere appreciation to all shareholders, customers, business partners and all our staff for your profound support to the Company.
Wong Chiu Yeung 
Hong Kong, China 15 April 2010 
