Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the board of directors of Man Wah Holdings Limited (“Man Wah” or the “Company”), I am pleased to present the
audited annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 March 2012 (“FY2012”).
Business Review
In 2011, despite of numerous disadvantages from the external economic environment, the Group managed to maintain a
stable growth of sales in each major market.
For the overseas market, the Group had enhanced its cooperation with large retail customers, as well as explored new retail
customers. Due to the European debt crisis, European customers considered more on price-performance products. In this
situation, by fully taking advantage on its competitiveness of cost efficiency and Research and Development (“R&D”), the Group
turned risks into opportunities, and kept itself growing in unfavorable market conditions. In the Imm Cologne (an International
furniture show in Cologne) held in January 2012, the Group received orders of more than US$4 million. Furthermore, the Group
received new export orders worth more than US$5.4 million on Dongguan International Furniture Exhibition held in March
2012. All above facts show that our products are well received by the overseas market. Currently, we provide our products
to retailers from over 50 countries and regions. Recently, our export sales increased month by month. Particularly in March
2012, the export of the Group achieved record high in the number of shipping containers with 2,900 forty-foot equivalent unit
(“FEU”). Orders from European and Asian countries had undergone more rapid growth.
As for Chinese market, the Group took market opportunities under the direction of control policies implemented by the Central
Government over the property market and achieved a satisfactory growth. In expanding the sales network, the Group opened
82 new stores and as at 31 March 2012, a total of 742 retail stores were in operation in the PRC. In the internet area, we fully
realized the importance of utilizing the new sales channel and we have officially opened the internet platform to sell sofa
products since July 2011, which shows a growing trend so far.
As for internal operations, the Group was still under the large pressure of rising cost of raw material and labor. To tackle
this problem, the Group continued to optimize internal operation efficiency and minimize the impact from the rise of
external cost.
Prospects
In the coming year, our overseas market are having both challenges and opportunities. On the one hand, comparing with
the US and European manufacturers, our products are highly competitive because of the lower cost, on the other hand, we
are still facing the uncertainty of economic conditions. Recently, orders from overseas had been growing and we expect that
the shipping volume in April 2012 and May 2012 will further improve following March 2012. In the new financial year, the
Group will put more effort on customers service and constantly research and develop new products to meet the diversified
requirements of customers. In response to changes in overseas market, the Group will introduce more kinds of fabric sofa to
increase its market share. The Group intends to expand new customers by further exploring the European, African and Asian
(other than PRC) markets which formerly have a low contribution to sales. Local sales teams will be gradually established as a
strong support for the Group to take the market opportunities in different countries.
In the mainland market, considering the large number of government subsidized housing will be completed in the coming
year, and being well aware of that famous brand furniture has rather low market share in most small-medium cities in
mainland China, we have formally introduced new series of products focusing on fabrics sofa. Furthermore, new stores will
be opened continually, especially in third and fourth tier cities where government subsidized housing are extensively being
constructed. In addition, more resources will be invested in building the internet sales platform, including inventing more new
products suitable for selling on the internet and expanding the existing internet sales channels.
In terms of production capacity expansion, the Group will complete the construction of new factory in Wujiang in June 2012,
which will commence mass production in July 2012. The Group’s production capacity will be increased to 1,116,000 sets from
816,000 sets at present.
Going forward, the Group will strive to pursuit more space to increase internal operation efficiency and reinforce its ability in
responding to outside changes.
Appreciation
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend my heartfelt thanks to all the staff for their loyalty and
contributions to the Group during the FY2012. I would also like to express my sincere gratitude to our valued shareholders and
business associates for their support and trust. The Group will continue to strive for strengthening our core competence and
securing a leading position among reclining sofa producers around the world.
Wong Man Li
Chairman
Man Wah Holdings Limited