Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Man Wah Holdings Limited (“Man
Wah” or the “Company”), I am pleased to present the audited annual
results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year
ended 31 March 2016 (“FY2016”, the”Review Period” or the “Current FY”).
Business Review
During the Review Period, the Group persisted in the established development strategy, focused on core products, further
reduced cost and increased the Company’s competitiveness at the sofa market through continuously improving the production
and operating efficiency.
In the North America market, the Group continued to enhance the market position by taking measures like product innovation,
service upgrade, etc. Meanwhile, benefited from the overall favorable economic environment, the Group continued achieving
stable growth during the Review Period.
In Europe and other overseas markets, product sales of the Group was significantly affected due to the exchange rate of the
Euro against the US dollar was still at a low level and the overall sluggish economic growth in the Eurozone.
In the China market, benefited from the increasing brand awareness of the Group and the consumers’ burgeoning demand for
further healthier and more comfortable sofa products, the Group’s leadership position became increasingly prominent in the
reclining sofa industry. In spite of the numerous unfavorable factors during the Review Period, the Group has still achieved a
pleasing revenue growth trend.
In terms of its operation management, the Group has constantly maintained the crisis consciousness and always considered
cost & expense control and improvement of operating efficiency as its significant routine work. The continuously deepening
performance management system has fully mobilized the enthusiasm of employees and managers at different levels in
improving the operating efficiency. During the Review Period, benefited from the reduction of bulk commodity price and the
further increasing production efficiency, its gross profit margin has been highly improved, while the percentage of its operating
expenses to revenue kept a relatively low level.
Prospects
The Group will take full advantage of the favorable opportunity from the US economic recovery in the coming year, and will
continue to increase its competitiveness in the North America market by product innovation and service upgrade. The Group
has once again become a leader in innovating reclining sofa products at the recent High Point Furniture Show, where lots of
new products launched have been highly praised by most customers.
In Europe and other overseas markets, the Group will achieve revenue growth by products restructuring, launching more value-
added products and development of more new customers.
The Group has been considering China as a market with largest development potential in future. As a leader in China reclining
sofa market, the Group will commit itself to increasing the proportion of reclining sofas in the overall sofa consumption and
seizing the favorable opportunities in consumption upgrade of furniture products, two-child policy released by the Chinese
government, etc., and will launch more innovative products to meet the demands of different market segments.
In consideration of its development potential in the China market, the Group will continue to maintain the goal of opening no
fewer than 200 retail stores every year and will allocate more resources to online sales and business to commercial clients.
The new factory in Huizhou has put into formal production in May 2016 to replace the existing Shenzhen factory, making the
Group’s annual sofa production capacity increase from approximately 1,316,000 sets to approximately 1,386,000 sets, which
will vigorously support the market demands in southern China and help reduce domestic logistics costs.
Appreciation
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders, business partners and consumers
for their great support, and I also want to appreciate all employees of the Group for their hard work and contributions in the
past year. Hope we can achieve a better future through joint effort.
Wong Man Li
Chairman
Man Wah Holdings Limited