Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the board of directors of Man Wah Holdings
Limited (“Man Wah” or the “Company”), I am pleased to
present the audited annual results of the Company and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 March 2011
(“FY2011” or “Review Period”).
Business Review
During the Review Period, the Group continued to explore
both international and domestic markets, and has obtained
satisfactory growth in sales. Meanwhile, we have been
enhancing the efficiency of our internal operation to mitigate
the adverse effect caused by factors including the surge in
raw material prices and operational expenses during the
Review Period. We recorded a net profit of approximately
HK$621,302,000 for the year.
Review of the United States Market
Through production of quality products with competitive
prices, the Group has established an excellent brand image
among US retailers. During the Review Period, the Group has
gained 16 retail customers in the US. With the strengthening
of customers’ confidence in the Group, our customers
continued to increase their order types. In research and
development (“R&D”), we have launched more than 40
new products in the US market, further strengthening the
competitive advantages of the Group. According
to the market research report of Euromonitor,
the market share of the Group in the reclining
sofa sector of the US ranked the 8th in the
year of 2008, as compared to the 5th in
2010.
Other Overseas Market
In the second half of FY2011, the Group has further
strengthened its exploration in European market. Through
the localization of the Company’s sales team, the Group has
been able to stay closer to the market and meet different
needs and desires of customers. During 23 to 26 January
this year, the Company achieved its maiden participation in
the largest furniture exhibition “Interiors 2011” organized in
Birmingham, the United Kingdom. During the exhibition, our
products were well received by a great deal of new customers,
and received new orders of more than USD1.8 million.
The PRC Market
The Group has continued to strengthen its exploration in the
PRC market during the Review Period. In the construction
of retail network, by the end of FY2011, the total number of
retail outlets increased from 509 in early FY2011 to 660. The
Group further enhanced its strength of marketing promotion
following the increase of retail outlets. To let consumers to
have better understanding over function sofa, a rather new
product for most Chinese consumers, the Group has tried a
lot of innovative marketing strategies, including the slogan
of “Bring The First-Class-Cabin Back To Your Home”. Through
the display of our product in booths similar to a first class
aircraft cabin, consumers can closely and directly experience
the characteristics of our products.
Internal Operation
As the business of the Group developed rapidly, we set
a higher standard for the management team and the
operational system. During FY2011, the Group successfully
upgraded the Enterprise Resource Planning (“ERP”) system to
SAP system. The new system covers all important business
sectors, including purchase, production, sales, finance and
human resources management. The operating efficiency of
the Company will be further enhanced with the application
of the system. In personnel training, we have selected and
sent over 100 managing staff to further study at Beijing
University, to raise the managing standard of the team. The
Group has developed an effective performance appraisal
system, and promoted the incentive-based culture. We have
also carried out a share award scheme and a share option
scheme during this year to reward our staff who contributed
to the development of the Company.
Expansion of capacity
The Group had completed the construction of Phase 3 of
our Huizhou facility, increasing the annual capacity of sofas
from 516,000 sets to 816,000 sets, laying a foundation for our
business growth in the upcoming year.
Prospects
Prospects in the US Market
Apart from maintaining the competitiveness in the quality
and price of our products, the Group also started devoting in
sales of recliner chairs so as to further increase our market
share in the US market. According to the market research
report released in April 2011 by Furniture Today, a leading
furniture publication in the US, 4.6% of American families
plans to purchase one recliner chair in the year of 2011
whereas the ratio was only 3.2% in 2010. Recliner chairs
only accounted for a minor share in our business in the
past. During the “High Point” furniture fair in the US in April
2011, the Group had launched more than 40 recliner chairs
and they were highly welcomed by our clients. Accordingly,
recliner chairs will be our new sales driver in the coming
year.
Other Overseas Market
The Group will further speed up the development of
European and other overseas markets, including the
recruitment of more local experienced sales persons, and set
up more showrooms so as to stay closer to the local market.
The PRC Market
With the launch of various policies to the effect of boosting
domestic demand, the awareness of consumers towards
furniture brands gradually increased. More and more
consumers would like to choose comfortable furniture
products with higher branding efforts and better health
standards. This idea matches with our advocated concept
of providing healthy, suitable, valuable and trendy products
to consumers. We believe that there is still plenty room for
development in the PRC’s recliner sofa market. As the leader
in the PRC’s function sofa market, the Group will take up
more consumer-oriented responsibilities, and strengthen its
market promotion. The Group plans to increase the number
of retail outlets in the PRC from 660 at present to 1,000
in two financial years. During this process, we will retain
one-third of our outlets as self-operated stores, so that we
can keep abreast of the market development.
Enhancing Capacity
As our sales grow steadily, the Group needs to plan ahead the
construction of production and distribution facilities to cope
with the need of our future development. On the base of the
completion of the Phase 3 of our Huizhou facility, the Group
is working closely on the construction of a new production
base in Wujiang, Jiangsu. The construction of such base
will be completed by the second half of 2012. By then, our
annual capacity of sofa will be increased from 816,000 sets
to 1,116,000 sets. To cope with the capacity demand in the
future five to eight years, and to lower the logistics costs and
shorten the delivery time, the Group plans to construct a new
production base in Tianjin. The project is currently under the
preliminary stage of site selection.
Improving Internal Operation
Upon the launch of the new ERP system, the Group has
hired internationally renowned consultancy firm in the new
financial year to give us suggestions over the improvement
of aspects including strategic management, human resources
management and production management. The Company
will strive to retain its position as the leading manufacturer
of recliner sofas and to further enhance the production and
operation efficiency through constant self-perfection.
Appreciation
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity
to extend my heartfelt thanks to all the staff for their loyalty
and contributions to the Group during the Review Period. I
would also like to express my sincere gratitude to our valued
shareholders and business associates for their support and
trust. The Group will continue to strive for strengthening
our core competence and securing a leading position among
recliner sofa producers around the world.
Wong Man Li
Chairman
Man Wah Holdings Limited