Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Man Wah Holdings Limited (“Man
Wah” or the “Company”), I am pleased to present the audited annual
results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year
ended 31 March 2014 (“FY2014”, the”Review Period” or the “Current FY”).
Business Review
During the Review Period, a gradual recovery, in global economy provided favorable conditions for the better business
development in all major markets for the Group. Meanwhile, the Group continued to strengthen its internal management,
selling and distribution expenses, administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue continued to fall, which accelerated
profit growth.
In the North America market, the United States (“US”) economy continued to recover as data related to the residential real
estate market and personal consumption remained positive, which in turn propelled the demand of the furniture retail
market. The Group strived to enhance competitiveness of products and services and increased efforts in promoting products,
and also introduced a variety of innovative products to strengthen its competitiveness in the North America market.
In the European market, macroeconomic conditions have also begun to recover. During the period, the Eurozone economy
recorded growth for three consecutive quarters in 2013, while economic indicators of various countries reflected an accelerated
economic recovery. The Group put greater effort in expanding the market and gaining new retail customers, making the
European market the fastest growing region for the Group.
In the China market, the Group has actively strived to meet market demand and adjusted its sales strategy since last year
and stepped up its investment in brand building as well as actively expanding store networks and sales channels in the third
and fourth-tier cities. During the period, benefiting from stable economic growth and policies to stimulate domestic demand,
impressive sales growth was achieved in the China market.
For internal operations, the Group has further enhanced operating efficiency through optimizing performance management,
fully mobilizing the productivity and creativity of all employees and management during the Review Period. Therefore, during
the Review Period, selling and distribution expenses, administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue continued to fall,
resulting in a substantial increase in profitability..
Prospects
As various macroeconomic indicators in the US remain positive, new opportunities will emerge in the US furniture market.
According to the forecast of Furniture Today, a leading US furniture magazine, consumption growth of the US furniture market
in 2014 will reach 3.5%. As data on new home sales and personal consumption in the U.S. remains favorable, in order to fully
grasp market opportunities, the Group will enhance its competitiveness through innovation and by introducing more products
with high cost-performance to promote sales of the Group for gaining greater market share.
In Europe and other overseas markets, the gradual recovery of the European market will bring greater growth potential for
the Group. The Group will continue to expand its customer base and constantly improve its influence in the European market,
further strengthen its long-term cooperative relationships with retailers in Europe and other overseas markets aimed at
securing the long-term stable growth of business.
In the Mainland China market, economic development and urbanization have led to increasing consumer demands of furniture
products. In addition, the Group will benefit from the steady growth in retail sales of consumer goods and real estate market.
According to Euromonitor International’s (“Euromonitor”) statistics, reclining sofas accounted for 39.0% of the American sofa
market in 2013, but only occupied less than 9.2% of the Chinese sofa market, indicating the vast development potential of the
Chinese reclining sofa market. Also, data from Furniture Today, the leading US furniture magazine has indicated that furniture
and bedding product consumption in the US in 2013 reached USD94.9 billion, and is expected to reach USD98.0 billion in 2014,
representing a year-on-year growth of 3.5%. The Group’s reclining sofas combine characteristics such as innovative design,
comfort and high-cost-performance to build its reputation in the Mainland market. In the future, the Group will devote greater
efforts in developing regions with higher growth potential and introduce more high-cost-performance products tailored to the
various needs of consumers. The Group intends to open no fewer than 200 retail stores in the coming year, most to be located
in the third and fourth-tier cities. Meanwhile, the Group plans to upgrade its store management system in the following year
to further improve management of current retail stores.
In terms of production capacity, the Group will finish the construction of Phase 1 of the Tianjin factory in the second half of
calendar year 2014, which is planned to increase its annual production capacity by 200,000 sets of sofas. By then, the Group’s
annual sofa production capacity can be raised from the current 1,116,000 sets to 1,316,000 sets of sofas, allowing the Group to
grasp opportunities arising from growth in sales.
Appreciation
On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my heartfelt thanks to the long-term support and trust of our shareholders and
business partners. I would also like to thank the effort and contribution of the Group’s employees throughout the year. The
Group will continue to strive to create better returns for shareholders.
Wong Man Li
Chairman
Man Wah Holdings Limited