Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Man Wah Holdings Limited (“Man
Wah” or the “Company”), I am pleased to present the audited annual
results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year
ended 31 March 2017 (“FY2017”, the”Review Period” or the “Current FY”).
Business Review
During the Review Period, the Group continued to improve its operational efficiency and develop competitive products to
enhance overall its ability to counter business risks and profitability of the Company. During the Review Period, the Group’s
profit reached a new high.
In the China market, the Group benefited from the trend of consumption upgrades in household products, and has achieved a
pleasing revenue growth through its increased efforts in brand promotion and marketing, as well as its vigorous promotion of
refined management of sales terminal.
In the North America market, the Group’s revenue has declined as a result of the adverse effects from a series of external
factors. During the second half of the Review Period, the Group reacted with effective measures in time, thus the decline in
revenue was narrowed down.
In Europe and other overseas markets, due to the weak economic growth in the Eurozone, many European retailers increased
the proportion of local procurement in Europe to raise their inventory turnover, thereby increasing the pressure on the Group’s
sofa export business in Europe. The Group successfully acquired the controlling interest in Home Group Ltd. (“Home Group”)
in November 2016. The five manufacturing plants of Home Group in Eastern Europe will strongly support the Group’s business
growth in Europe in the future.
In terms of its internal management, the Group continued to improve its refined management and establish a craftsman’s
spirit to improve its product quality and cost indicators, thus the Group’s profit growth has once again exceeded its revenue
growth during the Review Period.
Prospects
In the future, the Group will continue to strengthen its core competencies in recliner. Through further vertical integration, the
Group intends to improve the proportion of self-produced spare parts, thereby effectively reduce costs and increase flexibility
in product design. In the manufacturing sector, the Group will be committed to improving the level of automation and
intelligence. At the same time, the Group will also appropriately broaden the product mix to provide consumers with more
cost-effective furniture products.
The Group is fully aware of the great potential of branded furniture market in China, and will accelerate the pace of expansion
in the PRC market in the next year. The Group will strengthen brand promotion, with the aim of building the “CHEERS” brand
into a well-known consumer brand, and continues to expand its store network in China. During the next fiscal year, the Group
plans to add no less than 300 stores in China. In addition, the Group will, as always, strengthen the refined management of
existing stores, including performance management, and better motivate its store staffs to maintain a steady revenue growth
in existing stores. Considering current market conditions, the Group has increased wholesale and retail price of recliners in
mainland China market by 5% in May 2017. The price increase will further support the profit growth in China market.
In the North American market, after a series of adjustments in recent months, the Group’s sales have shown a month-to-month
increase momentum. The Group will fully capitalize the US economic recovery to enhance its competitiveness in the North
American market through continuous product innovation and provision of better service.
In Europe and other overseas markets, the Group plans to achieve revenue growth by product restructuring, launching more
value-added products and developing more new customers. At the same time, the Group will fully utilize Home Group’s land
and plants in Europe to produce recliner sofas in Europe, so as to meet the demand of fast delivery and quick inventory
turnover from European customers.
In line with the Group’s continuous revenue growth, the Group will keep expanding its manufacturing capacity in China. The
Group is constructing the second phase of the plant in Tianjin, which will be completed in the near future. When all plants are
available and put into use, the Group’ annual sofa production capacity will be increased by approximately 200,000 sets, while
the total annual sofa production capacity of the Group will be increased to 1.586 million sets. At the same time, the Group
has secured a piece of industrial land in Chongqing China, as a manufacturing base in Southwest China. The Group has started
the construction since April this year. The construction will be expected to be completed in 2019. This will increase the sofa
annual production capacity by approximately 300,000 sets. Also the new factory will further reduce logistics cost of the Group
in southwest China.
Appreciation
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders, business partners, consumers
and employees for their support in the past year. We will continue to work hard to reward shareholders with better
performance and to make more contributions to society.
Wong Man Li
Chairman
Man Wah Holdings Limited