Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Man Wah Holdings Limited (“Man
Wah” or the “Company”), I am pleased to present the audited annual
results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year
ended 31 March 2015 (“FY2015”, the”Review Period” or the “Current FY”).
Business Review
During the Review Period, despite a complicated and changing market environment, the Group continued to maintain a
stable improvement in revenue due to its extensive market distribution network and the increasing competitiveness of its
core products. Meanwhile, through continued improvement in delicacy management, the Group further reduced selling and
distribution expenses and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue, enabling a faster increase in the profit from
core businesses.
In the North America market, as the economy benefited from the continued strength of the U.S. dollar and the decline in oil
prices, relevant data indicators showed an increase in individual consumption, which in turn drove growth in the furniture
retail market. During the Review Period, the Group continuously introduced products that were more competitive and
innovative in order to attract customers and solidify its market share in this area.
In the Europe market, economic growth remained sluggish in the Eurozone and commodity import into the Eurozone was
affected to a certain degree by the weak Euro. However, the Group’s entry into new customer channels and greater efforts to
promote its brand publicity in response to the local economic environment and market demand, as well as its provision of
products with high cost performance to customers resulted in sales improvement in most countries.
In the China market, the Group took full advantage of the stable increase in domestic consumption demand, continued to
expand its sales channels and further improved the sales of its existing retail stores. With the expansion of its retail store
network coverage, the Group gradually increased its efforts in promoting the brand and introduced two series of new products.
During the Review Period, China continued to maintain a steady sales growth trend.
In terms of its internal operations, the Group has already devised an effective performance evaluation and incentive
system through continuously perfecting its management system in the past several years to provide a strong foundation for
implementing delicacy management. During the Review Period, as the operating efficiency continued to improve, selling and
distribution expenses, and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue continued to fall, resulting in record-setting
profitability.
Prospects
It is expected that economic indicators in the U.S. will improve in the coming year and consumer confidence will rise,
providing a rare development opportunity for the furniture market. Meanwhile, the Group is launching more innovative high
performance sofa materials, such as the newly launched synthetic “Bolero” which was well received by most clients at the
recent High Point Furniture Show, and further expanding its production capacity, both of which are expected to increase its
competitiveness in the U.S.’ large-scale furniture retailers market segment.
In Europe and other overseas markets that continue to face serious challenges, the Group has confidence in its ability to
maximize the competitive advantages of its products and gain market share by launching more products with high cost
performance and enlarging its customer base.
In the China market, as consumers’ income and brand awareness increase, more and more consumers are expected to upgrade
their durable consumer goods, which will likely provide a continuous favorable development opportunity for the Group in the
furniture market. According to Euromonitor International (“Euromonitor”), recliner sofas accounted for 39.8% of the American
sofa market in 2014, but only accounted for less than 10% of the China sofa market, which, coupled with the fact that the
Chinese reclining sofa market has seen yearly gains in market share within the overall sofa market, underscores vast growth
potential. The Group is committed to establishing a product focused strategy in the China sofa market to ensure its recliner
sofas have competitive advantages in brand, technology and cost. As the market leader, the Group resolves to seize commercial
opportunities emerging in the market.
Moreover, the Group will continue to maintain the goal of opening no fewer than 200 retail stores every year and will also
explore new opportunities available over the Internet. In March 2015, the Group successfully launched the online sales
platform www.taomeiju.com to fully display its main products, closely integrating the online and in-store sales channels such
that the two complement each other and are able to more fully realize synergies.
In terms of product research and development, apart from maintaining the core strength in the reclining sofa segment, in
September 2014 the Group launched two new strategic product lines to consumers in the China market: stationary sofas under
“Cheers Urban” and bedding under “Enlanda Home” to satisfy the diversified demands of consumers. The new products are
expected to be a future growth driver for the Group.
In order to fully meet the demands from the market in southern China, the Group is constructing a new factory near the
existing Huizhou Daya Bay factory. The new factory is aimed specifically at penetrating the domestic market and construction
is expected to be completed in the second half of 2015 with the newly-added production capacity of 120,000 sets of sofas
per year. This is expected to being the annual sofa production capacity of the Group up from approximately 1,316,000 sets to
approximately 1,436,000 sets, enabling the Group to meet the increasing market demand with greater speed and flexibility.
In terms of environmental protection and sustainable development, the Group has been committed to providing healthy
products to consumers while minimizing the impact on the environment. During the Review Period, the Group made full use
of the roof of the Huizhou factory to complete the 10.5 MW distributed photovoltaic power generation system, and is currently
constructing the similar 6.0 MW power generation system at the Wujiang factory, which will enhance energy conservation and
emissions reduction in addition to effectively decreasing operational costs. In the future, the Group will continue to explore
the applications of innovatives technology to make a greater contribution to environmental protection.
Appreciation
In the Current FY, the Group has already been listed in Hong Kong for five years and in Singapore for ten years. I hereby
would like to extend my heartfelt thanks to the diligent staff, cooperative partners and loyal customers who have been closely
working with the Group and the shareholders who have recognised the potential of the Group, for their full support, by virtue
of which, the Group in return has made its own contribution to society and shareholders.
The Group will continue to strive its utmost to create better returns for shareholders in the future.
Wong Man Li
Chairman
Man Wah Holdings Limited