Chairman’s Statement
Business Review
Despite numerous uncertainties being faced by major economies around the globe, the Group was able to maintain healthy
and stable growth in each major market during the Review Period. By constantly enhancing its operational efficiency, the
Group made consistent improvements to its various business and financial indicators, and achieved encouraging growth in
profits.
In the overseas market, the Group consumer-oriented and further enhanced its competitive advantage through the
development of new products and raising product quality and service standards, which has led to a steady growth of income.
In the North American market, the Group leveraged its superior research and development (“R&D”) capabilities to introduce
a range of revolutionary new products. The Group achieved outstanding results as it set the trend in the recliner sofa market
and increased its market share. In the industry report released by the leading the United States (“U.S.”) furniture magazine
Furniture Today in May 2013, the Group was once again a top ten supplier to the U.S. furniture market, with the highest
annual revenue growth rate in the top ten suppliers.
During the Review Period, the European economy had yet to display significant improvement as consumers continued to place
emphasis on price-cost-performance of products. The Group grasped this opportunity and introduced products both quality
and price advantages, which were sought after by many local consumers. With quality retailers gaining a better understanding
of the Group’s products, an increasing number of retailers began long-term and stable cooperative relationships as the
Company’s products became their top selling products.
In the Mainland market, negative impacts from a slow-down of real-estate transactions in first and second-tier cities in
China due to macroeconomic policies launched by the Central Government, as offset by the progress of urbanization and
urban residents constantly demanding better comfort in furniture products. Thus the Group’s management had focused on
the growing consumption power of residents of third and fourth-tier cities and actively expanded store networks and sales
channels in these cities, which generated stable growth in sales income from Mainland China during the Review Period. As the
Group’s brand awareness continued to increase, the Group raised retail prices again in June 2012 while the volume of orders
continued to rise, which led to even further growth in the Group’s profit levels.
For internal operations, the Group remained vigilant and maintained strict control of internal costs, at the same time actively
optimizing its procedure to further enhance the operating efficiency. During the Review Period, the selling and general
administrative expense as a percentage of revenue decreased steadily, effectively enhancing profit margin levels.
Prospects
As data such as new residential construction statistics in the U.S. continue to be positive, combined with the Group’s innovative
products and strong brand recognition, management believes that the U.S. market’s demand for Man Wah’s reclining sofas will
continue to grow, which will be advantageous to the Group in achieving a greater market share in the U.S..
At the recent furniture industry trade show, the High Point Furniture Show, the Group’s products attracted widespread
recognition once again from customers. In particular, the innovative products introduced at the event received strong, positive
feedback, making the event the Group’s most successful overseas furniture show to date.
Along with the corporate development, the Group has gradually accumulated core competencies in R&D, manufacture and
sales of furniture and cultivated a large group of professional talents. Therefore, the Group is constantly poised to grasp
market opportunities to achieve better business development.
In other overseas markets such as Europe, with the expansion and development efforts from overseas sales teams in the
past few years, a solid market and client base have gradually been established. The Group intends to maintain its steady
collaboration with current clients and actively search for new clients to boost its market share.
In the Mainland China market, economic development and urbanization have led to increasing consumer demands in the
quality of furniture products. According to Euromonitor International’s (“Euromonitor”) statistics, reclining sofas accounted for
39% of American sofa market, but only occupied less than 8.9% of the Chinese sofa market, indicating the vast development
potential of the Chinese reclining sofa market. The Group’s reclining sofas combine characteristics such as innovative design,
comfort and high-cost-performance to build its reputation in the Mainland market. The Group is devoting greater efforts in
developing regions with high growth potential and is introducing more high-cost-performance products tailored to the various
needs of consumers. The Group intends to open not less than 200 retail stores in the coming year, most to be situated in third
and fourth-tier cities. Also, the Group is allocating more resources to online sales and developing sales channels online to take
advantage of the vast business opportunities in the online consumer market and forge positive ties between physical stores
and online outlets. Since 1 May 2013, the Group raised both wholesale and retail prices for most sofa products in Mainland
China by 5%, further enhancing the Group’s profitability.
In terms of production capacity expansion, the Group will complete construction for phase 1 of the Tianjin factory in 2014,
which is designed to boost the capacity to produce 200,000 additional sofa sets per year. The Group’s annual sofa production
capacity will then increase from the current 1,116,000 sets to 1,316,000 sets to better grasp opportunities arising from sales
growth with higher flexibly.
In April 2013, the Group successfully solicited two renowned mainland strategic investors, CDH Investments (“CDH”) and China
Asset Management (“Huaxia”) through the issue of convertible bonds. CDH and Huaxia have abundant experience and resource
networks in investments, especially retail investments. We are confident that this will promote the rapid growth of Man Wah’s
business in the long run.
Appreciation
On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my heartfelt thanks to the long-term support and trust of our shareholders and
business partners. I would also like to thank the Group’s employees for their consistent effort in aiding the Group to achieve an
outstanding performance. The Group will continue to enhance its core competencies and strive to become the world’s leading
furniture producer.
Wong Man Li
Chairman
Man Wah Holdings Limited