CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
I am pleased to present on behalf of the Board the annual
report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2016.
To address the complex economic situation and marketplace,
the Group made proactive moves to adapt to the new normal
status of economic development in 2016 by holding onto
market opportunities and expanding the operation scale of its
main business through merger and acquisitions. Meanwhile, by
stepping up on integration and making structural adjustment,
our organisational structure was enhanced and resource
allocation was optimised. Resorting to a double-edged
approach featuring both capital-intensive operation and
excellence in operation, we persisted in prudent progress,
innovation and transformation with the primary aim of
strengthening our principal business, while improving our
mechanism for achieving stable growth and implementing
multiple measures to overcome various hurdles. As a result, the
Group’s international competitiveness and brand influence
achieved further improvements.
During 2016, the Group realised revenue of approximately
RMB17.01 billion, representing an increase of approximately
39.5% as compared to the same period of last year. EBITDA
of the Group amounted to approximately RMB4.12 billion,
representing an increase of approximately 21.2% as compared
to the same period of last year. Profit attributable to
shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately
RMB758 million, representing a decrease of approximately
12.4%, which was mainly attributable to the decrease in asset
yields as compared to the same period of last year. The Board
has proposed a final dividend of RMB8.0 cents (inclusive of
tax) for the year 2016, representing an increase of
approximately 23.1% as compared to the same period of last
year.
ACHIEVING A NEW PHASE FOR INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT THROUGH MERGER AND ACQUISITION
IN TANDEM WITH INTEGRATION
During the Reporting Period, the Group seized upon rare
market opportunities arising in the international and domestic
markets, achieving a new phase in our advancement of “our
global business deployment and multinational operations”. In
2016, the closing of the Group’s acquisitions of Plateno Group
and Vienna Hotels further improved and consolidated the
industry position of Jin Jiang Hotels. The successful completion
of the acquisition projects of GDL, Plateno Group and Vienna
Hotels signalled the significant expansion of the scale of hotels
of the Group and a new stage of our internationalisation.
As at the end of 2016, the Group owned or managed about
6,000 hotels which were in operation in the world with a total
of approximately 600,000 guest rooms in 67 countries across
the globe. Our offering of hotel rooms was ranked 5th among
hotel groups in the world. Moreover, the Group had also about
1,800 hotels under development with approximately 190,000
guest rooms projected.
In accordance with the principle of “keeping basic elements
unchanged, integrating back offices and complementing
comparative advantages for co-development”, the Group
systematically proceeds with its general integration in an orderly
manner to realise synergies and complementary effects in
further pursuit for the business layout in line with the “One Belt
One Road” and brand internationalisation.
NEW PROGRESS ACHIEVED IN OUR DOUBLE-EDGED
APPROACH FEATURING BOTH “APPLICATION OF
CAPITAL AND EXCELLENT OPERATIONS”
The Group focused on enhancing our quality and efficiency as
well as excellence in operation, as hotel operation and asset
management were steadily strengthened. We strive for
expanding our room for development and further our brand
upgrade by innovative marketing strategies, identifying new
operation projects and tapping into market potential. Significant
results were achieved in our furtherance of asset structure
adjustment, business transformation and personnel deployment,
raising our asset efficiency and shareholders’ interests.
During the Reporting Period, the private placing of Jin Jiang
Hotels Development was completed for an additional issue size
of approximately RMB4.5 billion, which further optimised our
capital structure and the ability of repaying debts, improving
our financial conditions. Meanwhile, the Group actively
endeavours to excel at its capital management in connection
with interest rate and exchange rate, making optimising
allocations to our capital structure based on market conditions
and our development requirements.
FURTHER IMPROVING OUR ORGANISATIONAL
STRUCTURE AND MAKING BREAKTHROUGHS IN OUR
INNOVATIVE TRANSFORMATION
During the Reporting Period, the Group further improved its
corporate governance and management systems as a listed
company by establishing the executive committee and global
hotel management committee of the Board. Jin Jiang GDL Asia
Co.* ( 錦江盧浮亞洲公司 ) was established as part of the
construction of a highly efficient, synergy-inducing operation
system.
A platform of shared economy based on mobile network was
built such that resource integration and capability upgrade were
expedited, driving the convergence of domestic and
international hotel systems. In particular, we invested in the
establishment of WeHotel, and the new version of WeHotel’s
APP “Jin Jiang Trip” ( 錦江旅行 ) was launched, which further
integrated memberships and the booking system.
CORPORATE STRATEGIES AND OUTLOOK FOR FUTURE
DEVELOPMENT
Looking forward to 2017, there are uncertainties in the global
economy and the external circumstances attending the
development of hotel and tourism industry. Nevertheless, with
the introduction and implementation of government policies to
promote the development of the tourism industry, as well as
the stimulating effect of projects including Shanghai Disneyland,
broad prospects for future development still hold out for
China’s hotel and tourism industry. The Group will seize any
opportunities and actively address any challenges that might
arise.
The Group will adopt a philosophy of development emphasising
innovation, coordination, eco-friendliness and sharing in line
with the “13th Five Year Plan” planning, further entrench the
supply-side reform, step up with the development of its core
business and establish the “Jin Jiang” brand by seeking growth
with prudence. We will seek to improve our management
standard and core competitiveness by learning from the
expertise and experience of our foreign partners and leveraging
the strategy of setting up international businesses while
introducing foreign experiences to the domestic operations. We
will also further advance our domestic as well as international
business deployment and optimize our ability in multinational
operations.
In the upcoming year, the establishment process of Jin Jiang
GDL Asia Co.* will be accelerated by the Group with a
particular focus on making progress in the upgrading of brand
rankings and ensuring the achievement of development targets.
We will also speed up the construction of WeHotel and build a
shared financial and procurement platform with a view to
making advances in supply chain integration. A new session of
exchange and training programmes for staff will be implemented
in order to facilitate the establishment of the management
system for performance excellence and to enhance our quality
and efficiency in a comprehensive manner.
The Group will seize the opportunity presented by the reform
of state-owned assets to enhance its development towards a
market-oriented corporation. We will advance reforms of our
mechanisms and regimes and explore the innovation and
transformation of business and service models compatible with
the age of new economy, while optimising our market-based
remuneration regime and incentive and restraint mechanism.
The Group will leverage on our strengths in specialisation, in a
bid to foster a modern tourism service industry chain centered
on hotels and shared economic platforms. We will continue to
improve the asset liquidity and adjust our structure to further
increase our overall asset return and enterprise value.
Last but not least, I would like to express my sincere gratitude
to all employees for the invaluable contributions they made to
the Group. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank
all shareholders, investors and the public for their longstanding
support of the Group. We pledge to continue to work with our
shareholders in a concerted effort, with a view to enhancing
the value of the Company and delivering sound rewards for all.
Yu Minliang
Chairman
Shanghai, the PRC
29 March 2017