CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
I am pleased to present on behalf of the Board of Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels (Group) Company Limited (the Company or Jin Jiang Hotels ) the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2014.
During 2014, the Group s principal operations were subject to pressure given the slowdown in China s macro-economic growth, escalating competition in the global hotel industry, general downside in operating results and cyclical oversupply in the PRC hotel industry and other changes in the social environment. Nevertheless, the domestic hotel industry was slowly recovering from the doldrums of 2013, with Full Service Hotels in Shanghai showing notable recovery. The Group overcame unfavourable factors and capitalised on favourable ones and market opportunities, such as the increasing number of conventions and exhibitions held in Shanghai and the gradual realisation of the positive effect of the Free Trade Zone, and achieved notable results in its efforts to introduce innovations, adjust asset mix, optimise staff allocation, enhance asset profitability and shareholders equity.
The Group reported revenue of approximately RMB9.36 billion in 2014, representing an increase of approximately 0.8% compared to the corresponding period of last year. Operating profit and profit for the year attributable to the shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately RMB1.57 billion and RMB620 million, respectively, representing growth of approximately 21.9% and 40.0%, respectively. To reward shareholders for their longstanding support, the Board proposed a final dividend of RMB5.0 cents per share (tax inclusive) (2013: RMB4.5 cents, tax inclusive).
ONGOING EXPANSION OF HOTEL NETWORK UNDERPINNED BY BREAKTHROUGHS IN INTERNATIONAL 
As one of the global leaders in hotel operation and management, the Group continued to expand its hotel operations during the Reporting Period.
During the Reporting Period, the Group stepped up with its international development, as material international acquisition projects were commenced and advanced successively. As of now, the Group completed the acquisition of 100% equity interest in Groupe du Louvre, which owns, manages and operates through franchises over 1,100 hotels with more than 90,000 rooms in 46 countries over the world.
The acquisition represents another major breakthrough after the acquisition of IHR Group in 2010 set to expedite the building of the Group s global presence and multinational operations.
Following the completion of the acquisition, the Group invested and managed over 2,800 hotels with more than 340,000 guest rooms in aggregate over the world.
COMMENCING ASSET-BASED OPERATIONS ON THE BACK OF SOE REFORMS During the Reporting Period, the Group forged breakthrough in its asset application as it seized the opportunity presented by the reform of state-owned assets and enterprises to steadily advance asset-based re-financing operations of the listed company, the conversion of hotel business models and the transfer of assets.
During the Reporting Period, Jin Jiang Hotels Development, a subsidiary of the Company, completed a private share placing to Hony Investment Fund, which became a strategic investor of Jin Jiang Hotels Development.
During the Reporting Period, the Group established a RMB cross-border funding pool to open up a two-way financing channel between its domestic and overseas operations, which has increased the flexibility of fund allocation and prepared the Group well for conducting acquisitions in the domestic as well as foreign markets.
During the Reporting Period, the Group completed the transfer of the main building of Galaxy Hotel (100% equity interest in Jin Yun Company) through an open listing process, while processes relating to the transfer of the equity interest in the lower block of Galaxy Hotel are underway. Such disposals of equity interests have further enhanced the Group s asset liquidity and financial conditions. Meanwhile, the Group further enhanced its centralised management of hotel assets and intensified its resource integration to further strengthen its core 
PERFECTING OUR BRAND REGIME WHILE ENHANCING 
During the Reporting Period, the Group further optimised its brand regime by vigorously advancing the building of the two major platforms of Full Service Hotels and Select Service Hotels, while also seeking synergistic development of multiple brands. During the Reporting Period, the Group further optimised the brand standards of Jin Jiang Metropolo to expedite its deployment of mid-market hotels while continuing to drive the adjustment and transformation of Full Service 
The Group rolled out Internet marketing with vigorous efforts and enhanced promotion of the Jin Jiang VIP Program, as it expanded its marketing channels through social group media platforms and completed a full-scale upgrade of the room reservation functions of its official website. Cross-sales on hotel, tourism and car rental were strengthened leveraging the Jin Jiang s e-commerce platform and its membership system.
During the Reporting Period, the Group completed hotel hospitality tasks in connection with the Conference on Interaction and Confidence-Building Measures in Asia and comprehensively enhanced the brand influence of Jin Jiang as a result.
OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES IN OUR FUTURE 
Looking to 2015, uncertainties will remain in the economic outlook for China as well as the world. Nevertheless, with the implementation of policies represented by the document entitled Certain Opinions on Promoting the Reform and Development of the Tourism Industry issued by the State Council, as well as the stimulating effect of the opening of Shanghai Disneyland, broad prospects for future development still hold out for China s hotel and tourism industry, which will embrace opportunities as well as challenges. With full confidence in its future development, the Group will actively address any 
The Group will fully leverage opportunities presented by international acquisitions. With the acquisition of Groupe du Louvre, we will utilise our overseas business platform and bring into play the advantages afforded by overseas channel resources to seize opportunities in the rapidly growing outbound tourism market of China, as we continue to drive the global deployment and multinational operation of our core Jin Jiang hotel business.
In terms of business development, the Group will be committed to driving industry upgrades, business model innovation, business synergy and excellence in performance management.
We will also step up with our efforts to create an Internet- driven tourism service chain centering on the hotel business.
In terms of efficiency enhancement and brand building, the building of functional centres and system platforms will be optimised while our brand regime will also be further refined, in a bid to bolster the international competitiveness of the Jin 
In connection with the application of capital assets, the Group will actively leverage the capital markets to strengthen asset management and continue to drive asset liquidity and optimise its asset structure. Through the transformation and adjustment of our properties, we aim to further enhance our overall return on assets and the value of the listed company.
In terms of innovative mechanism, we will expedite the process of market-oriented development and internationalisation, capitalising on opportunities presented by reforms of state- owned assets. Improvements will also be made to the market- based remuneration and appraisal regime and the incentive and 
Last but not least, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all employees for the invaluable contributions they made to the Group. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank all shareholders, investors and the public for their enduring support of the Group. In a concerted effort, we will continue to work with our shareholders to enhance the value of the Company and create a bright future for all.

Shanghai, the PRC 27 March 2015 