CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
In 2016, China’s property market was
booming in contrast with oversea observers’
reservations about the market. By the
same token, Country Garden was making
bold strides while most of its peers were
trying cautiously to follow suit. As of
31 December 2016, the Group together
with its joint ventures and associates’
contracted sales rose by 120.3% year on
year to approximately RMB308.84 billion; the
Group’s total revenue increased by 35.2%
year on year to approximately RMB153.09
billion, gross profit grew by 41.0% year on
year to approximately RMB32.24 billion,
and core net profit increased by 22.3%
year on year to approximately RMB11.98
billion. The great achievements were not only
brought by China’s economic development
but also reflected the determination of
China’s enterprises to thrive. In addition, I 
think that China’s urbanization is far from
over. A breakdown of the Group’s domestic
contracted sales by its target markets showed
that 59% of the Group’s sales were derived
from the projects which targeted the first and
second-tier cities in China, and 41% from
those that targeted the third and fourth-tier
cities. The adaptation to different markets
and a more balanced land bank are the key
to counteracting market fluctuations and
enabling the Group to grow consistently. I
believe that Country Garden will strive for
further improvement and generate more value
for the shareholders.
A surge in contracted sales to over
RMB300 billion for 2016 is an achievement
that takes not only conviction and courage
but also restraint and decisiveness. The
robust capital structure helps the Group to
cope with the ups and downs of an economic
cycle in the future: it accelerates the Group’s
development amid the market’s uptrend
and buffers the impact of a downturn. As at
31 December 2016, the net gearing ratio of
the Group decreased by 11.3 percentage
points year on year to 48.7%. The weighted
average borrowing cost was 5.66%, which
was down by 54 basis points year on
year. Cash and bank deposits (including
restricted cash) amounted to approximately
RMB96.49 billion, and undrawn bank facilities
were approximately RMB162.84 billion. The
Group has been recognised by credit rating
agencies and major financial institutions for
its sound financial position which was backed
by sufficient working capital. The Group’s
capability to withstand risks has been further
enhanced.
In order to fulfill our dreams, we have
to view things at a high altitude and be
visionary. The Group’s steady oversea
business development has gradually yielded
good results. The Group has formed a joint
venture with the government of Johor State
in Malaysia to develop Forest City, a project
of long-term and strategic significance, for
a term of more than 20 years. Forest City
has a site area of approximately 20 square
kilometers for development and it has been
well-received in the international markets.
Meanwhile, as the construction of Forest
City is on a roll-over basis according to the
progress in its sales and market response, the
project has achieved positive net cash flow,
and its own capital is sufficient to support its
own development. The profit margin of the
project is predicted to be much higher than
those of the Group’s other projects which
are being undertaken in the same period in
China, and will contribute to the Group’s profit
with the revenues from sales of properties
of the project are recognised in the future.
Country Garden has proved itself a leading
property developer with great competitiveness
in various markets all over the world. In the
future, we will keep developing oversea
markets at a steady pace.
The more competitive we get, the more
responsibilities we have. Country Garden
upholds the corporate values of “being
good to people and good to society”,
and strives for improvement in operating
the community and benefiting home
owners. As at 31 December 2016, the
Group undertook contracts to manage
properties with total gross floor area (“GFA”)
of approximately 210 million sq.m. for
approximately 1 million home owners in
223 cities across 27 provinces in China.
The Group’s property management and
community-related businesses generated
revenue of approximately RMB1,959 million,
up by 33.3% year on year. The business
segment also recorded an operating profit of
approximately RMB406 million, up by 59.7%
year on year. In the future, the Group will
leverage on the capital market to develop this
business segment so as to enrich its sources
of income and enhance its business value.
Country Garden can’t enhance its
competitiveness without the best team. As
a business operator, I always focus on the “people”. Country Garden attracted top
talents with excellent incentives. The Group
has adopted a partnership scheme since
October 2014. As at 31 December 2016, the
partnership scheme was introduced to a total
of 583 property projects, which recorded
aggregate contracted sales of approximately
RMB261.2 billion. The average net profit
margin of the contracted sales at such
projects under the partnership scheme is
estimated to be about 12%, and positive net
cash flow is estimated to be achieved at such
projects in 8.4 months. The mechanism has
ensured that the professional managers and
shareholders can “share the gains together
and work together as a cohesive group”. As
a result, we have recruited a large number
of top talents in the industry, including 403
holders of PhDs, and these talents would
gradually become the core managers of the
Group. In the future, the Group will continue
to build a team of professional and excellent
property managers, and is gearing up for
greater accomplishments.
I have a vision of Country Garden thriving on
tests and applying its practical experience to
its business. Founded in 1992 and listed on
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 
(the “Stock Exchange”) in 2007, Country
Garden has been growing stronger and
aspiring to higher goals in face of market
regulation and competition. This is the key
to the Group’s survival and the driving force
behind its endeavours to scale new heights.
Since we can’t predict the future or the capital
market’s preferences, the right way to cope
with the situation is to excel in what we do.
We need to be perceptive to the changes and
be receptive to opinions and new ideas from
the market. Country Garden will also remain
committed to providing state-of-the-art
products while staying aware of the market
and costs of operations. All these can help
making us invincible.
We aspire to a higher goal, and will pursue
it through thick and thin. Country Garden
will not stop taking on challenges, and will
continue to build reasonably-priced, highquality
housing for people all over the world.
Country Garden hopes to create a better
society with our existence.
YEUNG Kwok Keung
Country Garden Holdings Company Limited
Chairman
Shunde, Guangdong, China, 22 March 2017