CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
I am pleased to present on behalf of the Board of Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels (Group) Company Limited (the Company or Jin Jiang Hotels ) the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2013.
In 2013, the Group enhanced the operating efficiency of its hotels and achieved stable business growth amid an increasingly competitive marketplace, as it focused its efforts on quality and efficiency enhancement with a strong emphasis on asset structure adjustments, optimization of staff allocation and management upgrades, while endeavours were also being made to improve its branding system, commence asset transactions, resource consolidation and centralization of treasury and strengthen cross-marketing with e-commerce 
The Group reported revenue of approximately RMB9.29 billion in 2013, representing an increase of approximately 3.2% compared to the corresponding period of last year. Operating profit and profit for the year attributable to the shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately RMB1.29 billion and RMB444 million, respectively, representing growth of approximately 71.6% and 40%, respectively. To reward shareholders for their longstanding support, the Board proposed a final dividend of RMB4.5 cents per share (tax inclusive) (2012: RMB3.0 cents).
ONGOING EXPANSION OF OUR HOTEL NETWORK As China s leading hotel operator and manager, the Group continued to expand its hotel operations during the Reporting Period. The Group owned or managed a total of 1,566 hotels with over 235,000 rooms in aggregate, comprising close to 1,200 hotels with 165,000 rooms in the PRC in about 280 cities in 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in the PRC, and close to 400 hotels with more than 70,000 rooms overseas in 10 countries including the United States, Russia, the United Kingdom and Holland. In terms of the number of rooms, the Group ranked the ninth in the global hotel group ranking as published by HOTELS Magazine.
IMPROVING OUR BRAND REGIME WITH ENHANCED 
During the Reporting Period, the Group further streamlined its branding system by positioning its hotels as either Full Service Hotels or Select Service Hotels . Five 3-star hotels were converted, while a new brand, Jin Jiang Metropolo was created as a Select Service Hotel. We have also acquired the Bestay Hotels Express chain to step up with the development of the market for mid-market business hotels.
The Group rolled out Internet marketing with vigorous efforts and enhanced promotion of the Jin Jiang VIP Program . The marketing channels were broadened by innovative endeavours through social group media platforms, complemented by a full- scale upgrade of the room reservation functions of our official website. Cross-sales on hotel, tourism and car rental were strengthened leveraging the Jin Jiang s e-commerce platform and its membership system. Meanwhile, J Club registered more than 13 million members.
STRENGTHENING ASSET MANAGEMENT TO SEEK BREAKTHROUGH IN ASSET OPERATION During the Reporting Period, the Group made steady progress in the business conversion of hotels and asset liquidity as it registered breakthrough in asset transactions, including the equity transfer of 45% equity interests in Hua Ting Hotel and Towers and the listing of transfer of 100% equity interest in Jin Yun Company, seeking to increase the potential value of our assets and enhance the asset liquidity in a dedicated effort to optimize the Group s asset allocation.
The Group has enhanced the current profitability as well as long-term value of assets by enhancing integrated management of hotel assets and centralized management of leased premises, while optimizing the building of the platform for centralized procurement and uniform payment.
OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES IN OUR FUTURE 
With uncertainties prevailing in the global economy, including developments in the PRC economy, 2014 will remain a challenging year for the Group. Nevertheless, in view of favourable factors such as the continued sturdiness of the PRC economy, growth in per capita disposable income, government encouragement of domestic retail spending and, in particular, the building of the free trade zone and Disneyland in Shanghai, the Group remains fully confident in its future development.
In connection with industry-related development, the Group will drive internationalization and industry upgrade, leveraging synergies of our international acquisitions to further advance our international and domestic deployment and strengthen our ability in multinational operations. The business development of IHR China will be expedited with a view to new breakthroughs in our third-party hotel management business, while seeking to integrate the industry chains of hotel, passenger transport logistics and tourism leveraging our strengths in specialization.
In connection with efficiency enhancement and brand building, the Group will improve the building of functional centres and system platforms and seek optimization in budgeting, marketing, human resources and financial management. We will also further improve our branding system to enhance the international competitiveness of the Jin Jiang brand.
In connection with asset management, we will continue to drive asset liquidity and optimize our asset structure, seeking further improvements in overall return on assets and enterprise value through the conversion and adjustment of our properties.
In connection with the innovation of mechanisms, we will seize the opportunity presented by the reform of state-owned assets to drive development towards a market-oriented corporation, with a strong emphasis on the innovation and transformation of our business models to optimize our market-based remuneration regime and incentive mechanism.
Last but not least, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all of our employees, who have made invaluable contributions to the Group and whose dedication and hard work has played no small part in growing Jin Jiang into a world-renowned hotel brand. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank all shareholders, investors and the public for their enduring support of the Group. In a concerted effort, we will continue to work with our shareholders to pursue value enhancements and a bright future for all.

Shanghai, the PRC 28 March 2014 