YEUNG Kwok Keung 
Core net profit 
People are saying that the real estate industry is maturing, great expectations no longer exist and speculative capital is taken back. Many peers are pessimistic about the industry s outlook and turn to the new trend of the capital market. However, Country Garden s experience shows that this is not the case. Country Garden encountered ups and downs during its operations all along, we overcame hardships in the industry recession and continued going forward to sustain growth. I always believe that China s urbanization is bound to accelerate and deepen in view of China s vast territory, Chinese people s wisdom and hard-working, and the thriving fortunes. We will persistently develop our property business, propel the development of China s urbanization, strengthen our core competence in schedule, quality and cost management, and provide right products for the market. This is our response to the era and also our 
Country Garden Guanting Lake One, 
As the largest residential urbanization property developer, Country Garden has accomplished sales target for seven consecutive years and sustained growth. We posted satisfactory results in 2015, the Group s total revenue reached approximately RMB113.22 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 33.9%, of which property development segment reached approximately RMB109.46 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 33.7%. The Group s gross profit before provision of land appreciation tax reached approximately RMB22.86 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 3.7%. The profit attributable to owners of the Company reached approximately RMB9.28 billion, representing a year- on-year decrease of approximately 9.3%. The core net profit of the Group reached approximately RMB9.71 billion, representing a year-on- year increase of approximately 5.1%. The Group s basic earnings per share reached approximately RMB42.54 cents.
The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of RMB6.47 cents per share in the form of cash and the total annual dividend reached RMB12.95 cents per share. The total annual dividend payout accounted for 30% of the total core net profit.
Zhoukou Country Garden Xuchang Country Garden The contracted sales of the Group and its associates and joint ventures achieved approximately RMB140.16 billion for the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.1%, of which contracted sales in the second half reached approximately RMB85.69 billion, representing a significant increase of 57.3% compared with the first half. Besides, the contracted sales GFA was approximately 21.53 million sq.m, representing a year-on- year increase of 10.7%. The cash generated from the sales of properties reached approximately RMB117.00 billion, which represents the second time for the Group to record a cash collection of more than RMB100 billion. During the year, the Company launched a total of 61 new projects.
The good performance of the results benefits greatly from the successful capture of opportunities from nationwide urbanization and favorable policies. Although the economic growth slows down, we believe that the trend of population flow from rural areas to cities will remain unchanged. Thus, the house purchases and other demands arising from the urbanization will still sustain in the long run. Based on this fundamental condition and under the supportive policies, exploring the benefits brought by the urbanization, improving the quality level of products and accelerating the turnover of assets are altogether the key for the Group to achieve satisfactory results.
In terms of target markets, 52% of the Group s sales were contributed by those projects targeting the first and second tier cities in China, and the remaining 46% by the third and fourth tier cities. The Group s enhanced land quality, product development and marketing capabilities led to an increase in both sales and 
The partnership scheme in accordance with Country Garden s features provided a strong incentive to boost results: in order to meet the needs of the enterprise development under the new circumstances, the management of the Group introduced a co-investment system since October 2014 and realized alignment of interest among managers, the Group and shareholders of the Company. The scheme has run smoothly since its implementation. As of the end of 2015, the partnership scheme had been introduced to a total of 168 projects, of which 73 projects were launched for sale with an aggregated contracted sales of RMB33.8 billion. The net profit margin of contracted sales of 2015 is expected to be around 12% and with an expected positive net cash flow cycle within 8.2 months. The scheme has laid a solid foundation for the improvement of results in future.
Country Garden Forest City, Johor, 
Rendering Image of Country Garden Forest City, Johor, Malaysia Country Garden Forest City, Johor, Malaysia Country Garden Forest City, Johor, Malaysia Country Garden Forest City, Johor, Malaysia The Group has always been committed to optimizing the capital structure, expanding financing channel and reducing financing cost while ensuring its sound operation. As of the end of 2015, the Group s weighted average borrowing cost was 6.20%, representing a year- on-year decrease of 139 basis points. As at the end of the period, the Group s available cash amounted to RMB47.88 billion, while the undrawn bank facilities were RMB91.35 billion. The Group has sufficient working capital and has been well recognized and supported by the major financial institutions. The financial position of the Group 
During the period, we were also proactively carrying out the strategy for overseas expansion, with an aim to seek new profit growth driver for the Group while maintaining a sound operation. After nearly three years preparation and investment, the Group s urban development project Forest City in Johor, Malaysia, launched and almost sold out its first phase in late 2015. Forest City is a long-term strategic project jointly developed by Country Garden and the Johor government with an expected total development term of 20 years. Its planned area was approximately 14 square kilometers, free hold. Located in Iskandar Malaysia, Forest City is only a bridge away from Singapore and enjoys various preferential policies, which could be treated as a special zone in the special zone . Country Garden has jointly completed the planning together with its domestic and foreign well-known partners, and is now building Forest City into an icon of future cities. Its profit margin is expected to be higher than the general domestic-developed projects. Meanwhile, we will gradually proceed with the construction of the project according to the market responses, with an aim to bring in continuous and steady profit and drive the long-term development of the Group.
Property management and community related business would be the new profit growth driver of the Group in future, and Country Garden was committed to exploring the broad future of the real estate industry in community business. As of 31 December 2015, the property management business of the Group covered 382 projects with contracted management area of about 138 million sq.m, of which about 83.42 million sq.m. was already under the management of our property management team with the rest pending delivery. Country Garden has served approximately 580,000 households of owners and residents in total across the country. During the year of 2015, the revenue of the property management and community related business of the Group was approximately RMB1.47 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 52.4%. The Group may actively utilize the capital market in future to diversify the Group s sources of revenue, achieve sustainable development and add value to the Company.
The hotel business continued to facilitate project acquisition and sales.
As of 31 December 2015, the Group operated 45 five-star hotels or five-star standard hotels and 6 four-star hotels or four-star standard hotels, with 13,819 guest rooms in total. The revenue from the hotel business was approximately RMB1.45 billion, representing an increase of approximately 28.5% as compared to the same period of last year.
Most hotels of the Group are located within our communities. The Group would strive to enhance the capital market value of hotel assets 
Huaxi Country Garden Nanshan Country Garden Xuchang Country Garden The construction, fitting and decoration segment was one of the organic components of the Group s vertically integrated value chain. In the year of 2015, this segment achieved revenue of approximately RMB13.63 billion, of which approximately RMB0.75 billion was from external customers. The efficient coordination and cooperation between the construction, fitting and decoration segment and the property development segment strengthened the competitiveness of the Group in cost control, progress supervision and optimization of resources allocation.
Meanwhile, the Group was also striving to develop and enhance the value of its commercial properties.
As of 31 December 2015, the GFA of the investment properties reached 1.05 million sq.m with a fair value of approximately RMB8.69 billion, and the completed GFA reached 0.90 million sq.m. with a fair value of approximately RMB7.68 billion. In 2015, the rental income from the investment properties amounted to approximately RMB91.75 million.
In respect of team building, the Group accelerated the strategic talent recruiting and training. As of 31 December 2015, 256 PhDs have joined the management trainee program and these talents would gradually become the core members of the Group.
With regard to the macroeconomic situation, the property market has stabilized and rebounded after the industry adjustment with further deepening urbanization under the backdrop of new norm. The industry is facing new opportunities thanks to the frequent launch of favorable policies. Country Garden is convinced that both the nation and the people will benefit from the long-term stable development of the property industry and property developers should actively participate in the urbanization process.
To us the world is up for grabs, and all members of Country Garden will work together to add value to capital market, customers and the society, with an aspiration of becoming one of the most competitive enterprises in the world.
YEUNG Kwok Keung Country Garden Holdings Company Limited 
Shunde, Guangdong, China, 15 March 2016 