CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Annual Report 2009 
I am pleased to present on behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2009.
Constrained by the global economic weakness amid uncertainties in the aftermath of the global financial crisis and the impact of the Influenza A (H1N1) pandemic in 2009, the PRC tourism industry had not yet fully recovered. The number of inbound foreign visitors to Shanghai continued to decline amid subdued global economic sentiments, and competition in the industry remained intense with a continued growing supply of hotel rooms.
All these presented a challenge to the business performance of the Group s star-rated hotels in Shanghai to a certain extent.
Nevertheless, due to our dominant market position and strong brand advantage, as well as our flexible and prudent business strategies, we managed to achieve stable development against adverse market conditions. Moreover, the Group took an important step in its overseas business development by optimising its asset structure during the Reporting Period and leveraging acquisition opportunities in the international market.
ACTIVE RESPONSE TO THE FINANCIAL CRISIS AND STABLE DEVELOPMENT OF BUSINESS OPERATIONS Despite uncertainties overwhelming the PRC tourism industry and the hotel industry in Shanghai, the Group maintained market leadership during the Reporting Period and reported profits in a difficult environment by adjusting its marketing strategies and adopting measures to diversify revenue sources and reduce costs. As at 31 December 2009, the Group had 546 star-rated hotels and budget hotels in operation or under development with nearly 90,000 guest rooms, covering an extensive network of 137 cities in 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in 
While the financial tsunami has affected the operation of star- rated hotels, it has also presented opportunities to budget hotels.
As a pioneer in the budget hotel sector, the Group is fully aware that Jin Jiang Inn will provide a growth spot that supports the Group when it steers through the economic downturn. During the Reporting Period, Jin Jiang Inn continued to engage in rapid expansion and a total of 439 budget hotels were in operation, resulting in a more extensive geographic coverage and providing a stable source of revenue and profit for the Group. In addition, the Group has engaged a specialist consultant to furnish advice and designs on the business model and process of Jin Jiang Inn, in order to optimise the overall management process and 
Apart from its principal hotel business, the Group also made notable developments in its food and restaurant business during the Reporting Period. With the renewal of its contract with Shanghai Kentucky, the advancement of the strategic restructuring of Jing An Bakery and the completion of the restructuring of business and equity transfer of New Asia Caf de Coral, a solid foundation has been laid for the future development of our 
ASSET STRUCTURE OPTIMISED TO STRENGTHEN CORE 
In order to further enhance the core competitiveness of its business, highlight its market positions in the two sub-segments of star-rated hotels and budget hotels and improve its operating systems, the Company entered into a reorganisation agreement with Jin Jiang Hotels Development during the Reporting Period to swap assets in star-rated hotels and budget hotels. After the reorganisation, the Group will focus on the operation and management of star-rated hotels, while Jin Jiang Hotels Development will be able to focus on budget hotels, by leveraging the brand advantage of Jin Jiang Inn, such that the Company s core competitiveness and brand influence can be effectively strengthened and the operation efficiency of both parties can be enhanced to have a win-win development.
MARKET LEADERSHIP REINFORCED BY ACCESS TO THE INTERNATIONAL MARKET During the Reporting Period, the Group seized an unprecedented opportunity for international merger and acquisition to make it first move into the international market. It has now acquired Interstate Hotels & Resorts, Inc. ( IHR Group ), an internationally renowned independent hotel management company, through a joint venture jointly set up with a wholly owned subsidiary of Thayer Lodging Group, Inc., a United States hospitality company.
IHR Group is a leading independent hotel management company in the United States, which manages 228 hotels in the United States, Canada, Europe and Asia. This merger will provide a favourable platform for the Company s access to the international market, such that the Company can extend its business to various countries around the world and to achieve a breakthrough in building an overseas network.
2010: OPPORTUNITIES PRESENTED BY THE WORLD 
Notwithstanding the uncertainties in the global financial market, the hotel industry in Shanghai will be presented with a historic opportunity in 2010 when Shanghai hosts the Shanghai World Expo. The Group will seize the opportunities arising from the Shanghai World Expo to seek new development. Peace Hotel will be a world-class luxury hotel, after completion of its renovation work and it will re-open for business before the opening of the Shanghai World Expo. In addition, the Group will actively proceed with the renovation work at other hotels to enhance their values. With a view to more effectively seizing the opportunities associated with the World Expo, the Group launched a new commercial hotel brand Marvel to address the needs of younger business travelers. Furthermore, the State Council of the People s Republic of China promulgated its opinions on speeding up the development of tourism, and proposed to develop tourism into a strategic pillar industry of the economy, which we believe will promote the long-term development of the hotel and tourism industries in China.
The Group will continue to reinforce its market leadership by leveraging its nationwide network and optimising the structure of its hotel assets. Through cooperation with international organisations of specialised brand names, the Group will adopt a brand strategy by focusing on 5-star hotels while fine-tuning the brand positioning for 4-star and 5-star hotels ( high-end Star- rated hotels ) to enhance our brand competitiveness. Other initiatives to bolster our core competitiveness shall include: rigorous implementation of standard operational procedures to further improve the quality of the operations of our member hotels, enhancement of our sales network to increase revenue and sales contributions, and ongoing reinforcement of our management platform system as well as human resources management and staff training.
Apart from these, the Group will continue to place a strong emphasis on compliance with corporate governance principles, maintaining and enhancing its internal control procedures with a high level of transparency to reduce risks and protect shareholders interests. It is the Group s firm belief that the implementation of these strategies and initiatives will help the Group to adapt itself for growth amid strong competition. We will greet future challenges with confidence by bringing into full play the advantages of a listed company with regard to asset restructuring and international mergers and acquisitions, while seizing opportunities to diversify financing sources in a favourable market, so that the Group s competitive edge and overall strengths will be further enhanced with the benefit of economies 
I would like to take this opportunity to express sincere gratitude to all of our employees, who continued to make invaluable contributions to the Group in 2009. Because of their enthusiastic wholehearted devotion, Jin Jiang remains as a household name for hotel group throughout the nation. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank all shareholders, investors and the public for their enduring and vigorous support to the Group. With concerted efforts, we are prepared to constantly enhance the value of the Company and create a bright future hand in hand with our shareholders.

Shanghai, the PRC 16 April 2010 