CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Annual Report 2010 
I am pleased to present on behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2010.
In 2010, walking out of the shadow of financial tsunami, the global economy had shown moderate recovery. The Chinese economy had maintained a rapid GDP growth of 10.3%. The successful launching of Shanghai World Expo had brought flourishing market demand to the tourism and hotel industry in Shanghai. The average room rate and occupancy rate during the year had increased significantly. Leveraging on its leading position in the industry and strong competitive advantages in terms of its brands, the Group secured steady development. During the Reporting Period, the Group realised revenue amounting to approximately RMB6,521,998,000, representing an increase of 96.4% as compared to the same period last year, while net profit increased by 202.2% as compared to the same period last year to RMB248,323,000. To thank our shareholders for their long term support, the Board has recommended a final dividend of RMB2.2 cents per share (inclusive of tax).
During the Reporting Period, the Group, as a leading hotel operator and manager in the PRC, continued to maintain steady network expansion and further optimised the national deployment of its hotels. As at 31 December 2010, the Group held or managed a total of 707 hotels, offering over 100,000 guest rooms spreading across over 150 cities in 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in the PRC. These hotels were either in operation or under construction. In addition, the Group has completed various key projects during the Reporting Period, including the acquisition of IHR Group and establishment of IHR China, resumption of the operation of Peace Hotel, completion of subsequent procedures for the strategic asset swap with Jin Jiang Hotels Development, as well as the launching of the high- end 5-star J brand, etc. The Group completed the acquisition of Jin Jiang Investment and Jin Jiang Travel in February 2011.
As a result, the Group grew further to become a leading comprehensive tourism industry group in the PRC, having principal operations in the hotel industry with international 
INDUSTRY LEADERSHIP REINFORCED BY ACCESS TO THE INTERNATIONAL MARKET Co-operating with Thayer Group, a United State real estate investment enterprise with 20 years of investment experience, the Group has completed the acquisition of the entire IHR Group during the Reporting Period. As the first successful case of Chinese hotel group s participation in acquisition of an international hotel group, the acquisition lays a concrete foundation for the Group s further access to the international market. The Group and IHR Group have also established IHR China, which is the first international leading company to bring its established independent hotel management business into the PRC. At present, IHR China has already commenced management work on its hotel projects.
ASSET STRUCTURE OPTIMISED TO BRING SYNERGY INTO FULL PLAY During the Reporting Period, the Company entered into a share transfer agreement with its controlling shareholder, Jin Jiang International, to acquire 38.54% of shares in Jin Jiang Investment and 50.21% of shares in Jin Jiang Travel. These acquisitions were completed in February 2011. The Group took advantage of the characteristics of being strongly-complementary and highly- connected among the hotel industry, passenger transportation industry and tourist agency industry in the tourism industry chain.
It created the Group s core business and raised the image of Jin Jiang brand in the tourism sector by putting into full play the synergy effect of customer sources, marketing channels and branding establishment in hotel, passenger transportation and tourist agency industries.
Furthermore, in relation to assets swap of Star-rated hotels and budget hotels with Jin Jiang Hotels Development, the Group has completed the relevant ownership transfer procedures of the swap-in interests and the swap-out interests. The Group has also obtained the relevant Asset Ownership Transaction Certificate issued by the Shanghai United Assets and Equity Exchange. In the future, the Group will, based on the foundation of directly holding and operating Star-rated hotel business, strategically hold interests in upstream and downstream industries such as budget hotel business, passenger transportation and tourism business in order to expand the Group s scale and strengthen its overall 
DEEPENING BRAND DEVELOPMENT AND OPTIMISING 
In December 2010, the Group signed a joint venture agreement, brand licensing agreement and hotel management agreement in relation to the Shanghai Tower Hotel with Shanghai Tower Construction and Development Company Limited. The Group also appointed IHR China to operate and manage the hotel. The above are done to shape the high-end 5-star hotel located at Shanghai Tower, the new landmark in Shanghai, which is the first hotel under the J brand series. The Group s development strategy of steady brand promotion, coupled with the launching of the J brand, formed Star-rated hotels operated under the Jin Jiang brand, the Marvel business hotel brand as well as the Jin Jiang Inn Budget Hotels , Bestay Hotels Express and Yulan budget hotel brand series.
LOOKING FORWARD TO CREATE BETTER RESULTS 2011 is the first year of the PRC s entering into the 12th Five- Year Plan. Regarding the State s opinion on accelerating the development of tourism, the State suggested to nurture tourism into a strategic pillar industry of the national economy. The Group believes such development will foster overall long-term healthy development of the hotel and tourism industry in the PRC.
Entering into the post-World Expo period, Shanghai s hotel industry will return from fast blooming to the normal level; nevertheless, the successful hosting of the World Expo has elevated Shanghai s standing as an international city and has optimised the convention and transportation facilities in Shanghai.
These changes, together with the State s plan to develop Shanghai into an international financial and shipping center, is beneficial to the development of the hotel and convention industry as well as the increase in tourism. With the market demand brought by the commencement of the Shanghai Disney project, the Group anticipates that there will be numerous opportunities in the hotel market in Shanghai in the future amidst challenges.
The Group will actively seise the opportunities brought by the State s promotion of the tourism industry and the restructuring and development of Shanghai, continue to have a strong hotel business presence nationally, strengthen our efforts in hotel investment and development in key cities, actively advance the strategic distribution in the south-western and southern region and reinforce and enhance the strategy of multi-brand development. The Group will also bring about the effects of reorganisation and create a hotel, passenger transportation and tourism industry chain through optimisation of asset structure of the hotels. The Group will also strive to utilise the effects of international merger and acquisition, raise the management quality and core competitiveness of the Group rapidly with reference to the professional experience of our international partners and enhance the Group s influence in the international market. We deeply believe that through implementation of the Group s diversified strategy, the Group will put its overall value into full play and achieve excellent results.
I would like to take this opportunity to express sincere gratitude to all of our employees, who continued to make invaluable contributions to the Group in 2010. Because of their enthusiastic and wholehearted devotion, Jin Jiang remains as a famous hotel group enjoying good reputation nation-wide. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank all shareholders, investors and the public for their enduring and vigorous support to the Group. We are prepared to work together with the shareholders to enhance the value of the Company and create a bright future.

30 March 2011 