Chairman s statement yeunG Kwok Keung 
Country Garden Longines Bay (Putian) 
tO tHe OWneRS OF 
The Group s contracted sales reached approximately RMB128.8 billion for the year, representing a year- on-year increase of 21.5%, with contracted gross floor area of approximately 19.28 million sqm, representing a year-on-year growth of 21.0%.
The cash collection of contracted sales reached approximately RMB105.8 billion, which was the first time for the Group to record a cash collection of over RMB100 billion.

I have witnessed the emergence of China s property industry, strived our best together with colleagues of the Group in the booming years of the industry, and overcame hardship with our peers at its trough. The year 2014, marking the 22th anniversary of the Country Garden in China s property industry, could hardly be regarded as a good year that the market craved for. It began with the recession of industry and ended with the departure of some of our peers. The track development of Country Garden has never been smooth. However, the Group was being committed to its strategy: focusing on the urbanization in China and offering high value-for-money property products for common people in China. Thanks to our perseverance and the will to change, Country Garden had a great leap forward in 2013. On this basis, the Group still managed to achieve targeted growth in various core indicators against the market depression at the beginning of the year.
Lu an Country Garden In 2014, the Group generated a total revenue of RMB84.55 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 34.8%, and gross profit reached RMB22.06 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.0%.
Profit attributable to owners of the Company rose to approximately RMB10.23 billion, representing a year-on- year increase of approximately 20.1%. The core net profit amounted to RMB9.24 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.5%.
The Group s contracted sales reached approximately RMB128.8 billion for the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 21.5%, with contracted gross floor area of approximately 19.28 million sqm, representing a year-on- year growth of 21.0%. The cash collection of contracted sales reached approximately RMB105.8 billion, which was the first time for the Group to record a cash collection of over RMB100 billion. During 2014, the Company launched a total of 77 new projects, most of which were outside Guangdong Province. Furthermore, the Company successfully issued an initial overseas syndicated bank loans of HKD4.5 billion which was of the largest debut issuance among the major domestic property developers in China. The sound financial status of the Group was well recognized by the capital market. Among the major domestic property developers, the Company was the most frequently upgraded in terms of ratings and outlooks by the international rating institutions during 2014.
Caribbean Restaurant in Lu an Country Garden The steady growth was mainly attributable to the Group s focus on the ongoing urbanization in China. Although the economic growth slows down, the trend of population flow from rural areas to cities will remain unchanged.
Thus, the Group believes that the housing and other demands brought by the urbanization still sustain in the long run. Based on this fundamental condition, focusing on the urbanization opportunities, developing a strategic sales and marketing plan, offering high value-for-money products and strengthening differentiated competitive edges are the key factors for Country Garden s success.
Regarding target markets, approximately 50% of the sales was contributed from the projects targeting Tier 1 and 2 cities, and the remaining 50% was from projects targeting Tier 3 and 4 cities. With the enhanced and optimized R & D, marketing capabilities, together with a range of innovative measures of the Group including the expansion on the internet platform, the sales volume increased, and the average selling price remained steady. In addition, the inventory level showed modest decline and the sell- through rate further increased.
The Group strictly pursued its top-down and red-line management, leading to effective execution of financial policies. By implementing various capital structure optimizing mechanisms, such as liquidizing the existing assets and expanding financing channels, the Group not only further reduced its financing costs, but also laid a solid foundation for its future growth.
The growth of the Country Garden came from countless reviews, studies and breakthroughs. The Group restructured and re-adjusted the management measures on the regional companies and made great efforts in achieving a sound system so as to improve its operating efficiency. A partnership scheme catering to the needs of Country Garden was introduced, which strengthened the solidarity of the core management executives and the shareholders of the Company. Furthermore, the Group has put in more efforts in human resources and training.
The Group introduced a large number of highly educated talents with cross-industries background and has allocated approximately 200 people for an integrated training program, who might become the leaders of the Group in a few years. The Group strived to strengthen the risk control and compliance process, by having a strong legal team of over 100 professionals and the stringent internal control 
With the successful experience gained over the past years, the Group believes that the strategic management, corporate governance and the project management quality of Country Garden will be enhanced, so as to continue to improve the operating efficiency of the Group. In addition, Country Garden will also further emphasize cost control, striving to achieve a satisfying net operating cash flow.
Looking forward, Country Garden will further leverage the consolidation advantage of the industry chain, and with the housing community oriented approach, build and optimize the business platform covering the different stages of life cycles and foster the maximum commercial value of the real estate-related business.
It has been 22 years since the founding of Country Garden.
Qingdao Country Garden Country Garden City Garden Lanzhou The age of 22 marks the youth filled with passion and dreams in one s life. Recalling the year when I was 22, I never belittle myself, though coming from a humble background. I worked tirelessly day and night in the fields and on construction sites. Exactly this experience enabled me to perceive the fabulous vision of how the current urbanization would bring tremendous changes to the diligent Chinese people. I understand people s urge of improving their living condition and their anxiety about high housing prices. With its ambition and passion, Country Garden will continue to devote itself to the wavefront of the Chinese urbanization so as to benefit the people and reward the shareholders.
To benefit the people and the society remains the core value I have set for Country Garden.
Urbanization is keeping its pace and Country Garden is marching on. With the integrity and sincerity, the Group can definitely live up to the investors expectations.
yeunG Kwok Keung 
11 March 2015 