CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
I am pleased to present on behalf of the Board of the Company the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2015.
2015 has been an important year for the Group s advancement of its global business deployment and multinational operations.
Through measures to enhance quality, increase efficiency, drive innovation and transformation and reinforce reforms, the internationalisation strategy was implemented to expedite the formation of an internationally reputed hotel group with solid core competitiveness. To address the complex economic situation and marketplace, the Group focused on its development strategy and made proactive moves to adapt itself to the new normal status of economic development. We resorted to a double-edged approach featuring both productive operations and the application of capital. We persisted in prudent progress, innovation and transformation with the primary aim of strengthening our principal business, while improving our mechanism for achieving stable growth and implementing multiple measures to overcome various hurdles.
Our key projects were advancing in a disciplined manner, as new progress was achieved in various tasks.
During the Reporting Period, the Group realised revenue of approximately RMB12.16 billion, representing an increase of approximately 29.9% as compared to the same period of last year. EBITDA of the Group amounted to approximately RMB3.39 billion, representing an increase of approximately 28.3% as compared to the same period of last year. Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately RMB866 million, representing an increase of approximately 39.3% as compared to the same period of last year. The Board has proposed a final dividend of RMB6.5 cents (inclusive of tax) for the year ended 31 December 2015.
AN INITIAL GLOBAL NETWORK COMING INTO SHARE FOLLOWING BREAKTHROUGH IN 
During the Reporting Period, the Group reported breakthroughs in its development in internationalisation. In February 2015, the Group entered into a share purchase agreement with Star SDL Investment Co S..r.l. through Sailing Investment Co, S..r.l., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jin Jiang Hotels Development, for the acquisition of 100% equity interests in GDL. At the end of February 2015, all the matters relating to the closing of the acquisition were completed and GDL was consolidated in our financial statements. The successful completion of the acquisition has resulted in substantial growth in various operating indicators for the Group, such as total assets, operating revenue, cash flow and the scale of its hotel operations. In the meantime, the Group advanced in a steady and disciplined manner post-acquisition tasks relating to the management structure, institutional improvements, platform building, business matching and consolidation on the back of interactive integration of markets, brands, human resources and 
In September 2015, Jin Jiang Hotels Development entered into an agreement for strategic investments in Plateno Group and completed the transaction in February 2016. In accordance with the principle of keeping basic elements unchanged, integrating back offices and coordinating front-desk operations for co-development , synergies and complementary effects were realised to create more room for global development and multinational operations. Following the completion of the transaction, the Group owned or managed over 6,000 hotels in the world with more than 650,000 guest rooms resulting in a substantial growth in the size of its hotel operations.
ACTIVE EFFORTS IN CAPITAL AND ASSET-BASED OPERATIONS AND TREASURY MANAGEMENT COMPLEMENTED BY OPTIMISED RESOURCE ALLOCATION IN CHINA AND ELSEWHERE During the Reporting Period, the Group initiated the plan for the private placing of new A shares in Jin Jiang Hotels Development for an issue size of approximately RMB4.5 billion.
As at the date of the publication of this report, the proposed placing has been examined and approved by China Securities 
The hotel assets management centre of the Group steadily developed the operation and management of its hotel assets to enhance asset efficiency. The Full Service Hotels continued to report progress in asset liquidity, business transformation and lease operation. During the year, the Group completed the transfer of 50% equity interest in of Shanghai Galaxy Hotel Company Limited ( Galaxy Hotel ) (the podium complex) and the wholesale leasing of Great Wall Tower of Holiday Inn Downtown Shanghai. The Group has achieved notable results in its effort to drive the adjustment of asset mix, strengthen exchange rate management, optimise staff allocation and increase asset efficiency and shareholders interests.
FOCUSED ON QUALITY AND EFFICIENCY WHILE ENHANCING OUR BRAND REGIME In 2015, all business segments of the Group made focused efforts on quality improvement and efficiency enhancement, while experimenting cross-sector cooperation in line with the development of Internet-related businesses, launching new attempts in innovative marketing, coordinated resource application, product research and development and transformation and upgrade. The creation of the travel service chain and brand regime was expedited with the vigorous implementation of the platform strategy. Our brand regime were enhanced as efforts were made to advance coordinated development of multiple brands. State-of-the-art information technology and management concepts were applied modeling on advanced enterprises, as we introduced the performance excellence management model and improved our human resources management regime to enhance our management capabilities, actively fulfill our social responsibilities and strengthen risk control over multinational operations.
FUTURE DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITIES AND 
Looking to 2016, the uncertainties in the global economic recovery, slowdown in domestic macro-economic growth, structural oversupply in the hotel industry and the rapid development of information technology relating to the Mobile Internet will continue to affect the development of the Group s principal business. Nevertheless, with the implementation of policies represented by the documents entitled Certain Opinions on Promoting the Reform and Development of the Tourism Industry and Several Opinions on Further Promoting Tourism Investment and Spending issued by the State Council, as well as the stimulating effect of the opening of Shanghai Disneyland, broad prospects for future development still hold out for China s hotel and tourism industry. As such, the Group will actively address any challenges and seize any opportunities that might arise.
The Group will adopt a philosophy of development emphasising innovation, coordination, eco-friendliness and sharing in line with the 13th Five Year Plan planning, step up with the development of its core business and drive internationalisation through worldwide marketing of the Jin Jiang brand. The synergies of our international acquisitions will be brought into full play with the proper handover of the operations of acquired companies. We will seek to improve our management standard and core competitiveness by learning from the expertise and experience of our foreign partners and leveraging the strategy of setting up international businesses while introducing foreign experiences to the domestic operations. We will also further advance our domestic as well as international business deployment and strengthen our ability in multinational 
The Group will seize the opportunity presented by the reform of state-owned assets to enhance its development towards a market-oriented corporation. We will advance reforms of our mechanisms and regimes and investigate the innovation and transformation of business and service models compatible with the age of Internet economy, while optimising our market-based remuneration regime and restraint and incentive mechanism.
The Group will leverage our strengths in specialisation to integrate the industry chains of hotel, passenger transport logistics and tourism, in a bid to foster a modern tourism service industry chain and shared economic platform centered on hotel operations.
Last but not least, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all employees for the invaluable contributions they made to the Group. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank all shareholders, investors and the public for their longstanding support of the Group. We pledge to continue to work with our shareholders in a concerted effort, with a view to enhancing the value of the Company and delivering sound rewards for all.

Shanghai, the PRC 30 March 2016 