Chairman s Statement 
" Total revenue for the year ended 31 December 2009 amounted to approximately RMB17.59 billion, representing an increase of approximately 11.9% compared with the year 2008; recognised GFA reached approximately 3.489 million sq.m., representing an increase of approximately 62.5% compared with the year 2008.
" Profi t attributable to equity owners amounted to approximately RMB2.08 billion (including the approximately RMB251 million fair value gain on equity swap), representing an increase of approximately 50.9% compared with the year 2008.
" Earnings per share amounted to approximately RMB12.73 cents, increased by approximately 50.7% compared with the year 2008.
" Proposed fi nal dividend per share is RMB4.50 cents, increased by 50.0% compared with the year 
I am pleased to present the annual results of Country Garden Holdings Company Limited ( Country Garden or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2009.
During 2009, with the Chinese government s timely introduction of appropriate relaxation of its austerity measures, the Chinese economy gradually showed signs of stabilisation and recovery. The policies implemented in the fourth quarter of 2008 with an aim to stabilizing the property market had also led to a recovery in transaction volume of the overall Chinese property market.
The Group s contracted sales in 2009 exceeded its full-year target of RMB19 billion, amounting to approximately RMB23.2 billion and contracted GFA totaled approximately 4.75 million sq.m., posting an annual growth of about 32% and 40% respectively.
In addition to the stable increase in sales for existing projects, the Group recorded contracted sales of approximately RMB3.5 billion from 14 newly launched projects during 2009. Among which, 9 projects are located in Guangdong Province. The Group s development model received extensive recognition from buyers of different regions. For instance, Country Garden Hill Lake City in Hexian, situated in the one-hour living circle of West Nanjing, has received strong response since its launch on the National Day of 2009. Nearly 1,000 units were sold within three months and contracted sales amounted to approximately RMB800 million. Moreover, Shanwei Country Garden in Guangdong Province was launched in mid-November. Transaction amount in the fi rst three days totaled over RMB550 million. Other new projects such as Country Garden Lychee Park in Guangdong, Maoming Country Garden and Country Garden Park Prime in Heshan were also well received by the market and recorded encouraging sales performance. The Group continued to achieve strong results in Guangdong Province, its core market, in 2009, which accounted for 67% of the Group s total contracted sales.
It is worth pointing out that although the Group has commenced the scale development of its projects outside Guangdong Province (contracted sales of such projects accounted for 33% of the Group s contracted sales in 2009), most of these projects only have their initial launch for pre-sale within a year. We expect with the gradual delivery of these projects and the improvement in project environment and ancillary facilities, the recognition of Country Garden s brand name will be further enhanced across these new regions. All these will not only be able to boost the revenue growth of these new projects, but also lay a solid foundation for the long term development of the Group.
After re-evaluating the quantity of its existing land bank as well as the time span of the return on investment for projects across different regions, the Company strategically increased its land bank with focus in Guangdong Province. As at 31 December 2009, the Group has 65 projects under different stages of development, including 36 in Guangdong. Attributable GFA with land use right certifi cates was approximately 40.43 million sq.m. (43% in Guangdong), among which attributable GFA with construction permits was around 13.16 million sq.m..
With the increased land acquisition in Guangdong in 2009, the Group s new projects to be launched for pre-sale in 2010 is also expected to be mainly in this region. We are confi dent with the sales performance of these new projects.
For example, Country Garden Grand Garden, located in Zengcheng Guangzhou, was launched during the 2010 Lunar New Year. The initial launch of 439 units was completely sold out in the fi rst two days at a transaction amount of approximately RMB560 million.
Alongside the continuous expansion in property development and sales, the Group s hotel business broadens its recurring income stream from non-residential developments, diversifying the Group s property income portfolio.
Hotel revenue in 2009 amounted to approximately RMB314.3 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 14.5%.
As at 31 December 2009, the Group operates 4 fi ve-star hotels, 7 fi ve-star standard hotels, as well as 1 four-star hotel with a total of 3,654 guest rooms. Most of the Group s hotels are located within the Group s property projects.
The development of fi ve-star standard hotels in the property projects will assist in sales promotion and enhance the ancillary value of the projects. The Group is currently in discussion with a few high caliber international hotel management fi rms aiming at further unlocking the long-term value potential of the hotel business segment.
The fi nancial performance for the year under review refl ected the volatility of the macro economy, especially the impact dated back to the second half of 2008. It also refl ected the progress new project development outside Guangdong Province, many of which are still in the initial stage. During the year under review, the Group s total revenue and gross profi t reached RMB17,585.7 million and RMB4,650.1 million. Profi t attributable to equity owners amounted to RMB2,079.8 million; which included the fair value gain on equity swap of RMB251.4 million. The board of directors recommended the payment of a fi nal dividend of RMB4.50 cents per share for the year ended 31 
2009 is a year of experience consolidation and evaluation for Country Garden. It is also a year of tactical adjustment, reform and innovation for the Group. The Company believes that, coming through the global fi nancial crisis, the further balancing of Chinese regional economies development as well as the speeding up of the urbanization process brought by the post-crisis structural adjustments of the Chinese economy, enabled Country Garden to further evaluate and prove the strong replication capability and sustainability of its business model, so as to provide large quantities of quality residential properties to the society and the general public at affordable prices. This helps develop quality residential communities with high accessibility and comprehensive ancillary facilities for a greater number of home buyers.
To achieve its goal, the Group continues to strengthen various reform measures in 2009. By evaluating the changing demand of customers, the Group adopted more stringent quality control of its product and encouraged product design innovation. The Company believes that the launch of new products was well received by the market, which accelerated the Group s cash infl ow. The corporate initiatives on project management on the basis of strengthening execution and the establishment of an effective incentive mechanism has also shown positive effects, resulting in further enhancement of development effi ciency for new projects. At the same time, the Group continues to adopt stringent cost control measures over development and operation. With regard to fi nancial management, the Group actively explored various funding channels in the capital market in addition to its strong bank fi nancing capabilities with major commercial banks. In September 2009, the Group successfully issued senior notes with a 5-year tenure in an aggregate amount of USD375 million, which refl ected investors confi dence in the Group s business model and fi nancial strength.
With the continuous development of the Chinese economy, the entire management team and all staff members of Country Garden are strongly confi dent in the Group s ability to overcome future challenges. The Group will continue to strategically select and develop property projects that are in line with national development strategies and macro economic environment. We are committed to offering value-for-money property products, creating value for the society and generating satisfactory returns for our shareholders.

On behalf of the board, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude as always to the entire management team and every staff member of Country Garden. The growth of Country Garden would not have been possible without your dedication and contribution. The Group would also like to thank the local governments for their continued support in making possible the smooth progress of our various projects. We would also like to express our appreciation to our shareholders, investors, customers and business partners for their strong support and confi dence in the Group. The management and staff of Country Garden will continue to dedicate their professional knowledge with excellent team spirit to create lucrative returns for our shareholders.
YEUNG Kwok Keung 
Hong Kong, 30 March 2010 