CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company ( Board ), I am pleased to present the annual report of Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels (Group) Company Limited (the Company or Jin Jing Hotels ) and it subsidiaries (together the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2007. Besides being the first full financial year after being listed in Hong Kong on 15 December 2006, 2007 bears significant meaning to the history and development of the Group. Continued from the preceding stable growth achieved in 2006, the Group stride forward in 2007 by adopting proactive but prudent business strategies.
Outstanding results have been accomplished in the expansion of star-rated hotels and Jin Jiang Inn Budget Hotels, brand building, strengthening of management systems and talents recruitment.
In view of the satisfactory results achieved in the 2007 with stable growth in both revenue and profit, the Board has recommended a final dividend of RMB3 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2007 in appreciation of shareholders longstanding 
Being the leading hotel operation and management group in China, the Group maintained its position as one of the leading hotel operators in Asia in terms of the number of hotel rooms by continuously expanding its operations in six geographical regions which are identified by itself as strategic focus for development, namely, eastern, northern, central, southern, southwestern and northwestern regions of Mainland China in spite of increasing competition in the hotel industry during the year under review.
By the end of the year, the Group had 380 hotels in operation or under development or close to 70,000 rooms in 100 cities spanning across 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in China.
Our star-rated hotels delivered satisfactory business performance with stable progress. The Group currently owns 100 star-rated hotels with 78 of them in operation, mostly of 4-star and 5- star rating. Our star-rated hotels in Shanghai outperformed the market, despite intense competition from other market players. To further enhance its competitive advantages, the Group increased its investments in hotel refurbishment and renovation to conduct various refurbishment in certain Landmark Hotels and Luxury Hotels in different degrees. The refurbishment of Peace Hotel, our largest renovation project at the moment, will take approximately two years to complete. Major renovation of existing properties would inevitably result in a temporary setback in the revenue from the Group s hotel operations, but such renovations are essential for the long-term development of Jin Jiang Brand in up-scale hotel operation.
Wuhan Jin Jiang International Hotel, the Group s brand new 5- star flagship hotel in Central China, commenced soft operation in July 2007 and full-scale operation in late March 2008, marking an important milestone in the nationwide strategic layout of the 
As a pioneer in budget hotel operations in China, the Group has achieved leaping growth in its budget hotel operations in the past decade since the launch of the first Jin Jiang Inn Budget Hotel by the Company in 1997, taking the number of budget hotels to 280. While the Yangtze Delta region had been the traditional battlefield for the development of Jin Jiang Inn Budget Hotel, the Group was also looking to vigorously develop this infinite business potential in the Beijing-Tianjin Bohai gulf and the Pearl River Delta Region to cater for the enormous market demand.
During 2007, Jin Jiang Inn Budget Hotel has achieved a rapaid growth momentum in meeting its target of establishing close to 100 new inns and expanded its nation-wide presence. Moreover, the Group was also actively developing the franchise business to broaden the income base of its budget hotel business by leveraging the brand name of Jin Jiang Inn .
Since its listing in December 2006, the Group s persistent adherence to sound corporate governance principles and effort to maintain high transparency have won the confidence, recognition and support from investors. To ensure stable business development and further brand building, the Group will continue to seek improvements in the areas of corporate governance and operational transparency and strengthen its internal control systems for the purpose of minimizing risks and protecting 
Looking ahead, the Group is facing the challenge of increasing hotel supply and growing competition in the market. The Company will strive to enhance its core competitive advantages and facilitate sustainable development through the implementation of various corporate strategies to expand its star-rated hotels and budget hotels, expand its strategic presence throughout China and improve its service quality. Meanwhile, we intend to capture enormous growth opportunities ahead by leveraging the growing importance of the hospitality industry in China s economic development and the rosy prospects and vast potential presented by a thriving tourism industry in both the international and domestic markets, as well as preparing ourselves for the upcoming international events such as Beijing Olympic Games 2008 and Shanghai World Expo 2010.
In the coming year, the Company will strive to increase return on equity by uncovering the inherent investment value of its hotel property assets and grow into a leading international hotel operator and manager in China. With the same goal in mind, we will join hands with our shareholders and go forward to create an even brighter future.
I would like to take this opportunity to express sincere gratitude to every one of our employees, whose restless enthusiasm and wholehearted devotion have contributed to the development of Jin Jiang as a household name in the PRC hotel industry. I would also like to thank our shareholders, investors and the public for their enduring support and unfailing recognition of our vision and future expansion strategies.

18 April 2008 