CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
I am pleased to present on behalf of the Board of Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels (Group) Company Limited (the Company or Jin Jiang Hotels ) the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (together the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2008.
2008 was an extraordinary year, during which the worldwide financial tsunami triggered by the U.S. sub-prime crisis coupled with the snowstorm disaster which occurred in the PRC s central and southern regions and the 5.12 Sichuan mega earthquake, have brought unprecedented challenges to the global economy, as well as China s tourism industry. Influenced by various adverse macroeconomic factors, the tourism and hotel industries of Shanghai were hard-hit to varying degrees, the number of inbound foreign visitors was on a downward trend and there was an over-supply of Star-rated hotels. Notwithstanding the above, relying on our industry leadership, diversified product portfolio and strong brand advantage, complemented by a pro-active but prudent business strategy, the Group was able not only to attain turnover growth despite adverse market conditions, but also to win numerous national and international awards, underpinning industry recognition of its achievements in hotel operations and management, both at national and international levels.
To reward shareholders for their long-standing support, the Board has proposed the payment of a final dividend of RMB2.1 cents 
As the leading hotel operator and manager in China, Jin Jiang Hotels maintained its leading position in terms of the number of hotel rooms in the PRC, despite increasing competition in the marketplace during the year under review. As at 31 December 2008, the Group had 465 hotels and budget hotels in operation or under development, with over 80,000 guest rooms, covering an extensive network of 120 cities in 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in China.
During the year, performance of the Star-rated hotels in Shanghai was affected by the slowdown in global economy and increasing market competition for Star-rated hotels. The Group reported a lower average Occupancy Rate amid relatively fast growth in market supply, although our overall room rates were relatively stable in comparison to our peers. Kunlun Hotel, Park Hotel and Metropole Hotel were able to report turnover growth. The Group sought to address the challenge by increasing the competitiveness of its Star-rated hotels, striving to ensure that refurbishment work at Peace Hotel, Jin Jiang Tower and Y.M.C.A. Hotel be completed according to schedules and that such hotels will be re-opened for business as soon as practicable. We also endeavoured to bolster our marketing capabilities by improving our environmental protection and energy conservation technologies, as well as our management standards. Currently, the Group has 105 Star-rated hotels, 80 of which are in operation.
Although the financial tsunami had caused an adverse impact on China s tourism industry as a whole, it did bring more opportunities to operators of budget hotels. As a pioneer in budget hotels, the Group deeply appreciated that Jin Jiang Inns would be a growth impetus, leading the Group to weather and overcome the economic downturn. During the year, the Group therefore grasped this opportunity and swiftly launched more Jin Jiang Inn Budget Hotels. At present, the geographic coverage of Jin Jiang Inn Budget Hotels has been further perfected with 360 outlets located in Yangtze River Delta region, Beijing-Tianjin-Bohai Gulf region and other regions in China, providing very stable contributions to the Group s turnover and profit. Furthermore, the Group injected further resources into Jin Jiang Inn to enhance system facilities for human resources and information management, increasing its brand influence while offering best- in-class services to customers.
Jin Jiang Hotel is committed to consolidating its brand advantage as a means to maintain its industry leadership, further broaden its customer base and increase its Occupancy Rate. During the year under review, the Group strengthened its marketing efforts by participating in various international tourism exhibitions, introducing customer loyalty programmes, launching credit cards in co-operation with banks and signing co-operation agreements with overseas travel agencies, for the purpose of improving the popularity of the Group, as well as acting as a catalyst for reinforcing and expanding its customer base.
The Group reported stable development for its restaurant operations during the year. The business of Star-rated hotel management also made important contributions to the Group s development as a whole, such as enhancing its network marketing, optimising its management policies and strengthening its human resource training, thereby giving a significant boost to the overall service quality of the Group. On another note, the international profile of the Group was further enhanced as its subsidiary Jin Jiang (Northern) Management Company Limited received wide acclaim for its outstanding performance in managing the Beijing Olympics Media Villages during the Beijing Olympics Games in August.
To address the financial crisis, the Group was committed to compliance with corporate governance practices, operating with a high level of transparency and strengthening its internal controls, with a view to reducing the risk exposure of shareholders and safeguarding their interests.
Looking ahead to a new year, given the uncertainties in global financial markets, it is expected that the global tourism industry still needs some time to return to normal. Nevetheless, the forthcoming Shanghai World Expo 2010, coupled with a series of major tourism recovery plans organised by the Shanghai Municipal Tourism Board should combine to offer strong stimulus on Shanghai s tourism spendings and create a very positive impact on Shanghai s hotel and tourism industries against adverse market conditions. The Group will address all challenges in a pro-active manner and strive forward. We will re-set our strategy on hotel assets and will use budget hotels as the best shield to overcome the difficulties, by flexibly expanding Jin Jiang Inn Budget Hotels on a self-managed or franchised basis, while continuing to actively upgrade our Star-rated hotels.
Meanwhile, the Group will adopt prudent financial management strategies, enhance its human resources, brand promotion and risk control, increase its transparency and formulate contingency measures to weather the impact of unfavourable factors caused by the external environment. We are convinced that, through the implementation of the above strategies and measures, the Group will be able to withstand any future havoc as well as firmly reinforce and enhance its developed foundations.
I would like to take this opportunity to express sincere gratitude to every one of our employees, whose restless enthusiasm and wholehearted devotion have contributed to the development of Jin Jiang as a household name in the PRC hotel industry. I would also like to thank all shareholders, investors and the public for their enduring and vigorous support. With concerted efforts, we are prepared to map out a bright future hand in hand with 
Shanghai, the PRC 17 April 2009 