Chairman s Statement 
" Total revenue for the year ended 31 December 2013 amounted to approximately RMB62.68 billion, representing an increase of approximately 49.6% compared with the year 2012; recognized GFA reached approximately 9.24 million sq. m., representing an increase of approximately 50.0% compared with the year 2012.
" Profi t attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately RMB8.51 billion, representing an increase of approximately 24.2% compared with the year 2012.
" Country Garden Danga Bay in Malaysia, as the Group s fi rst overseas venture, achieved enormous success.
" Successfully issued senior notes twice with aggregate amount of US$1,500 million during the year.
" Earnings per share amounted to approximately RMB46.65 cents, increased by approximately 22.6% compared with the year 2012.
" Proposed fi nal dividend per share is RMB16.83 cents (in the form of cash andor shares at the choice of shareholders), increased by approximately 21.4% compared with the year 2012.

I am pleased to present the annual results of Country Garden Holdings Company Limited ( Country Garden or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2013.
The Group s total revenue reached approximately RMB62,681.9 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 49.6%. Profi t attributable to owners of the Company rose to approximately RMB8,514.1 million, posting a year-on-year increase of approximately 24.2%. The Board recommends the payment of fi nal dividend of RMB16.83 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2013.
During the year under review, Country Garden, as always, in accordance with national policies, actively responded to the market changes and made timely adjustments to its development and sales plan, offered high value-for- money products to suit the user-oriented demand. Facing the ever-changing market environment, while the Group continued to further enhance the environmental features, ancillary facilities of its projects and its product quality, it also adopted various active and fl exible sales strategies and marketing activities which promoted sales and also benefi ted the Group s long-term sustainable development. For the year of 2013, the Group successfully entered the Hundred Billion Club with contracted sales of approximately RMB106 billion, and contracted gross fl oor area ( GFA ) of approximately 15.93 million sq. m., representing year-on-year growth of approximately 123% and 109% respectively. In 2013, the Company launched a total of 37 new projects, of which the majority of the new projects were outside Guangdong Province (of which only 7 in Guangdong Province).
While the Group continued to achieve healthy growth in Guangdong Province, its core market, the recognition of Country Garden s brand name has been continuously rising outside Guangdong. We have become a leading brand in many of our operations outside Guangdong, which not only diversifi es the Group s geographical coverage of business, but also sets a solid foundation for the long-term development of the Group. The ratio of the contracted sales from the projects outside Guangdong Province (including overseas) to that of the Group has increased from approximately 24% in 2008 to approximately 56% in 2013, which verifi es that the Group s successful business model in Guangdong Province is replicable in places outside Guangdong Province.
With the steady development in China, Country Garden made its fi rst venture overseas last year and has reaped enormous success. Country Garden Danga Bay, located in Johor Bahru of Malaysia and also closely accessible to Singapore, being our fi rstly launched overseas project, has received overwhelming response from buyers from Malaysia, Singapore and China. It has achieved contracted sales of approximately RMB7 billion equivalent in 2013 and was the highest contracted sales contributor for the Group during the year. The success of Country Garden Danga Bay has given the Group precious experience and further enhanced its confi dence in further overseas business expansion. The Group s fi rst project outside Asia, namely Country Garden Ryde Garden, located in the suburban of Sydney, Australia, is planned to be launched soon, and the Group is confi dent that it can also achieve excellent sales performance there. The Group is confi dent that its overseas business can generate very satisfactory 
As of 31 December 2013, the Group had 171 projects under different stages of development, including 75 in Guangdong. Attributable GFA with land use right certifi cates, development and operation rights or land title was approximately 72.27 million sq. m. (approximately 38% in Guangdong), among which attributable GFA with construction permits was around 30.18 million sq. m..
Alongside the continuing expansion in property development and sales, the Group s hotel business broadened its recurring income stream from non-residential developments, diversifying the Group s property income portfolio.
As of 31 December 2013, the Group operated 37 fi ve-star hotels or fi ve-star standard hotels, as well as 2 four- star hotels, with a total of 11,387 guest rooms. Most of the Group s hotels are located within the Group s property projects. The development of fi ve-star standard hotels within these property projects assists in sales promotion and enhances the ancillary value of the projects.
In the aspect of internal management, the Group further consolidated and continued to fi ne-tune its organization structure, management processes and the result-oriented performance appraisal system, meanwhile maintained a close monitoring of the various pre-determined performance indicators imposed on its projects. With a more precise process management, the project execution effi ciency and product quality have been greatly enhanced. In addition, the Group has introduced a result-oriented project incentive scheme (including granting cash awards and share options), in order to make it more incentivized and to allow our staff (including executive directors) to better share and enjoy the achievement with the Group together.
In addition, the Company has appointed fi ve executive directors during the year. Of which, Mr. Zhu Rongbin, the Associate President, had 19 years of rich experience in property development and related business, and is a national registered supervisor engineer, a national registered cost engineer and a senior engineer. He was director, assistant general manager and general manager (eastern China region) of China Overseas Property Group Company Limited, and vice president and general manager (southern China region) of Guangzhou R&F Properties Co., Ltd.. The other four executive directors, Mr. Xie Shutai, Mr. Song Jun, Mr. Liang Guokun, and Mr. Su Baiyuan, are long-servicing outstanding senior management promoted internally who have made enormous contribution to the Group during their services. Mr. Zhang Yaoyuan has resigned as an executive director of the Company due to his reaching of the retirement age. On behalf of the Group, I would like to express our sincere gratitude to Mr.
Zhang for his valuable contributions to the Group over the years. The Group has a strong and effective leadership possessing with expertise in various aspects of property development and corporate governance, which is benefi cial for its long-term and sustainable development and healthy growth.
With regards to fi nancial management, on top of its strong bank fi nancing capabilities with major commercial banks, the Group successfully took advantage of the good market opportunities and issued US$750 million senior notes with 10-year tenor and 7.5% coupon rate in January 2013. This issuance has a longer tenor than the Company s previous issuances but at a much lower coupon rate. Subsequently in October 2013, the Group further issued US$750 million senior notes with 7.5-year tenor and 7.25% coupon rate, and continued to record oversubscription. In addition, Moody s has upgraded our issuer s credit rating from Ba3 to Ba2, and Standard & Poor s also upgraded the ratings outlook of our BB issuer s credit rating from Stable to Positive during the year.
The Group s operation model and fi nancial strength have been further recognized by the investment community.
Looking forward, Country Garden will continue to adhere with national development strategies and the macroeconomic environment to select and develop property projects. Together with our fast track development, strong project execution capabilities, continuously enhanced product quality as well as gardening facilities, property management services with attention to details, we are committed to offering high value-for-money property products and living experience, achieving another year of sales success both in China and overseas, creating value for the society and generating satisfactory returns for our shareholders.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude as always to the entire management team and every staff member of Country Garden. The growth of Country Garden would not have been possible without your dedication and contribution. The Group would also like to thank the local governments for their continued support in making possible the smooth progress of our various projects. We would also like to express our appreciation to investors, customers and business partners for their strong support and confi dence in the Group. The management and staff of Country Garden will continue to dedicate their professional knowledge with excellent team spirit to overcome every diffi culty ahead so as to achieve more outstanding results.
YEUNG Kwok Keung 
Foshan, Guangdong Province, PRC 12 March 2014 