CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
I am pleased to present on behalf of the Board of Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels (Group) Company Limited (the Company or Jin Jiang Hotels ) the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2012.
In 2012, China s hotel and tourism industry faced challenges like sustained European debt crisis, slowdown in global economic recovery and decelerating international tourist growth, while unfavourable conditions such as slowdown in macro- economic growth, oversupply of guest rooms and climbing operating costs, including labour cost, also emerged in the PRC. Nonetheless, the Group managed to overcome such difficulties via adopting a series of measures on enhancing revenue and lowering costs, such as continuous optimization of its nationwide hotel network deployment, promotion of resources integration and transformation of its operation model, which in turn enhanced its hotels operating efficiency. In addition, the Group took an active role in refining its brand structure during the year and orderly underwent key works such as internationalization and functional centres construction, thereby realizing a stable growth of its operating revenue. To thank our shareholders for their long-term support, the Board has recommended a final dividend of RMB3.0 cents per share (2011: RMB4.0 cents).
CONTINUOUS EXPANSION OF HOTEL NETWORK During the year under review, as the leading hotel operator and manager in the PRC, the Group continued the expansion of its hotel business. The Group invested and managed a total of 1,031 hotels within the PRC, offering over 140,000 rooms and spreading across approximately 220 cities in 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities nationwide. Among which, there were a total of 131 Star-rated hotels and 900 budget hotels; while there were around 400 hotels overseas, offering nearly 70,000 rooms in aggregate in 7 countries around the world, including the United States and Canada. In terms of Total Number of Rooms, all hotels under the Group together ranked the ninth in the global hotel group ranking as published by HOTELS Magazine.
PROMOTION OF INTERNATIONALIZATION As to overseas business, the business of Interstate Hotels & Resorts Inc. ( IHR ) recorded stable development and continued to rank the first among all third party hotel management companies in North America, while established its three major operating platforms in the United States, the PRC and Europe.
IHR China has made breakthroughs in terms of system construction, project exploration and enhancement on core operating capabilities. As of the end of the year, IHR China had a total of 13 projects, achieving initial success in its exploration into the market in China.
FURTHER OPTIMIZATION OF HOTEL OPERATION AND 
During the year, the Group proactively fostered the internationalization of its hotel operation and management. The hotel management centre has duly commenced operation and served as the central hub, display platform and exchange centre for hotel operation and management. We introduced international operation concept and structure, refined our operation model and overall management efficiency, promoted professional division of labour, while at the same time enhanced resources integration and ramped up synergy effects.
During the year, the Group was conferred numerous awards, including the Best Local Chain Hotel Group in Greater China Market in the 4th TTG China Travel Awards , 2012 Outstanding China Hotel Management Company in the China Hotel Industry Development Summit and 2012 Best China Business Leader Award by China Business Network, which represented a significant recognition on the performance of our 
EFFECTIVE INTEGRATION OF HOTEL AND TOURISM 
With enhanced e-commerce platform development and exploration of contracted business units on electronic platform during the year, the Group managed to drive consumption of its members. The Group has basically completed the construction of its information technology support centre, data centralization centre and customer service centre, while actively developed customized tourism products and strengthened its marketing campaigns. Great progress was found in connection among core sectors and uniform marketing. At the same time, the Group also fostered the resources integration and system centralization for hotel, tourism, automobile leasing, air tickets reservation and automobile sales with an aim to fuel up the synergy effects among all industry chains.
STRENGTHENED TALENT TRAINING The Group actively enhanced its talent training with significant success made in its training in the United States. Such training has widened the international vision of staff, who would apply new concepts to their respective positions. The Group has further promoted the competition mechanism on staff at all levels, hence enabling the internationalization of its management. Les Roches Jin Jiang Institute has been well received by the public since its inception, and the number of students has maintained a sustained growth. With further optimization of its operation mechanism and refinement on its organizational structure, the Group has reasonably determined all positions and shifts, and strictly controlled its labour costs.
CO-EXISTENCE OF OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES IN THE FUTURE Looking forward, global economy will still face various uncertainties, and we expect that year 2013 will still be a challenging year. However, the hotel and tourism industries are currently encountering key opportunities for strategic development. The accelerating urbanization in China would actively drive the growth of both National Domestic Products and disposable income per capita, coupled with the duly announcement of the Outline on National Tourism and Leisure 
0 WleJO} 0), the demand for domestic travel is set to experience a steady growth. Also, with the increasing maturity of China s hotel and tourism management as well as the rising international position of Renminbi, the overseas influence of Chinese brands would be enhanced, therefore bringing along business opportunities for the Group s overseas 
Leveraging on its leading positions and edges in China s hotel industry, the Group will uphold the core value of quality and efficiency, and place focus on sustainable development and steady expansion of its hotel business scales. For the continuous fostering of international development, the Group will further put IHR s three major operating platforms in the United States, the PRC and Europe into play, promote the internationalization, professionalization and market-oriented development for the operation and management of brands under Jin Jiang Hotels, while proactively seek for appropriate merger and acquisition and investment opportunities. Besides, we will refine our brand structure and enhance our service quality and management level in order to enhance customers satisfaction. We will also undergo active adjustment and transformation of operation structure to enhance our asset value and corporate effectiveness; and put the edges of our industry chains into play and continue resources integration; optimizing the connection among different industries by e-commerce platform. The Group will refine the construction of its hotel and tourism functional centres, and accelerate system construction and application to raise its hotels operation effectiveness, while continue to deepen the reform on its mechanisms and human resources with a view to strengthen the equipment for its team.
We believe that such measures will help the Group to develop into a comprehensive tourism group of domestic leading position and international competitiveness with focus on hotel industry. Through adopting the approach of innovation-driven transformation and development and overcoming challenges with a practical and proactive attitude, the Group will seize opportunities and plan for its long-term business development to attain the strategic goals of global deployment and multi- 
Lastly, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all of our employees, who continued to make invaluable contributions to the Group. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank all shareholders, investors and the public for their enduring and vigorous support to the Group. We are prepared to work together with the shareholders and all parties to enhance our effectiveness and our value so as to jointly create a bright future for Jin Jiang Hotels.

Shanghai, the PRC 28 March 2013 