CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
I am pleased to present on behalf of the Board the annual report of Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels (Group) Company Limited (the Company or Jin Jiang Hotel ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the year ended 31 
In 2011, global economy weakened under the influence of factors such as the European debt crisis, while pressure was felt by the consumption and demand of developed countries.
With the slowdown in the growth of international tourist sources, domestic hotel sector experienced pressure from both an oversupply of rooms after the World Expo and an increase in operating costs. Nevertheless, the Group took initiatives to overcome various adverse impacts through continuous optimisation of its hotel network across China and steady facilitation of resource integration, to continuously enhance the operating capacity of the hotels, enhance the operation of multi-brand business model, construct hotel, transportation and tourism industry chains to realize a steady growth in the annual result. The Group s revenue amounted to approximately RMB12.65 billion during the year, representing an increase of 7% as compared with last year, while profit attributable to equity owners of the Company increased by 38.4% as compared with the same period last year to approximately RMB540 million. To thank our shareholders for their long term support, the Board has recommended a final dividend of RMB4.0 cents per share (2010: RMB2.2 cents).
CONTINUOUS EXTENSION OF HOTEL NETWORK 
During the year under review, as the leading hotel operator and manager in China, the Group continued to maintain steady expansion on its network, and its domestic and overseas hotel deployment was further extended. The Group has a total of 858 hotels within China, offering over 120,000 rooms, of which, there are a total of 115 Star-rated hotels and 743 budget hotels; while there are around 400 hotels overseas, offering over 70,000 rooms. The Group currently ranks twelfth among 300 hotel groups worldwide.
SIGNIFICANT EFFECTS OF INTERNATIONAL ACQUISITION 
Following the joint acquisition of IHR Group with Thayer Lodging Group, an USA-based company in 2010, acquisitions of Summit, Alliance, Vincent and Noble have also been gradually completed by IHR Group during the year. Hence, the total number of managed projects has increased from 242 last year to almost 400, and the debt restructuring plan was smoothly implemented. Currently, IHR has achieved smooth transition of management team, and steady growth in scale 
FURTHER MARKETISATION AND INTERNATIONALISATION OF HOTEL OPERATION During the year, the Group has further optimised the construction of centralised systems, such as the central reservation system, central procurement platform and human resources management system, and further strengthened the teams of Jin Jiang Hotel Management Company by recruiting international and market-oriented professionals and managers.
Meanwhile, the Group also entered into a partnership arrangement with the SolMelia hotel group in Spain, under which, each party selects 6 member hotels to commence co- operation in terms of room reservation, while personnels of each party are also sent to the other for training.
Jin Jiang Inn , the budget hotel brand, continued to maintain its leading market position, and has successfully entered into overseas markets such as France and Philippine via brand franchise and co-operation.
STEADY IMPLEMENTATION OF MULTI-BRAND STRATEGY The Group has steadily implemented multi-brand development strategy. On the basis of its existing Star-rated hotel brand Jin Jiang Hotel , budget hotel brands Jin Jiang Inn , Bestay , Magnolia and Jinguang Inn as well as business hotel brand Marvel , the building up of the high-end brand J Hotel has made progress as scheduled, and plans regarding target customers, brand positioning and design of core logo were 
EFFECTIVE INTEGRATION BETWEEN HOTEL AND TOURISM INDUSTRY CHAINS During the year, the Group leveraged on its e-commerce platform, website, www.jinjiang.com, to promote the connection and synergy effect among its businesses. At the same time, the Group also took a step forward in integrating all of its resources, including hotel, tourism, car rental and air ticket booking. Such move has fostered the interaction among customers, systems and products by e-commerce platform.
CO-EXISTENCE OF OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES IN THE FUTURE Looking forward, although the global economy would still be clouded for a certain period under the international financial crisis, the growth in demand for domestic tourism will be sustained by the surge in household income as well as the acceleration of urbanization. It is anticipated that China would become the most popular travel destination in the world in the future. With tourism designated as the strategic and core industry and the establishment of international renowned tourism city in Shanghai, tourism enterprises in China and Shanghai would benefit from such favourable policies and opportunities. The World Expo has further enhanced the status of Shanghai as an international metropolis, and fostered the construction of the city as an international economic, financial, shipment and trading center, which is anticipated to bring with it growth in the number relevant business customer bases.
Leveraging on its leading position and competitive edge in the hotel industry in China, the Group will steadily expand the scale of its hotel business, and strive to enhance the value of IHR Group and its pace of internationalisation, while facilitating the development of IHR China. The operating capability and international influence of Jin Jiang brand will also be enhanced, and we will equip ourselves with a stronger international and market-oriented team. Meanwhile, the Group will foster the establishment of hotel, passenger logistics and tourism industry chains as well as make adjustment on operation structure and the transformation of their mechanisms and systems with an aim to create an innovative travel experience and enhance its core competitiveness under the integration of industry resources via e-commerce platform. Our target is to promote the growth of the Group in the comprehensive tourism industry with domestically leading status, international competitiveness and focus on hotel sector.
Lastly, I would like to take this opportunity to express sincere gratitude to all of our employees, who continued to make invaluable contributions to the Group in 2011. Because of their enthusiastic and wholehearted devotion, Jin Jiang remains as a famous hotel group enjoying good reputation nation-wide. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank all shareholders, investors and the public for their enduring and vigorous support to the Group. We are prepared to work together with the shareholders to enhance the value of the Company and create a bright future.

28 March 2012 