Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the annual results of Country Garden Holdings Company Limited ( Country Garden or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for year ended 31 
In 2008, the economic situation and property market in China faced stiff challenges by the international economic environment.
The Chinese government reacted promptly through appropriate relaxation of its austerity measures. This has effectively enabled a stable development of Chinese economy during this transition period. We also took note of a series of policies and packages introduced to stabilize the property market. These austerity measures and packages have provided a cooperative policy environment for the healthy and orderly development of the Chinese property market.
The year 2008 is another remarkable year for the Group since its listing, a year of acceleration in its business expansion outside Guangdong Province. The Group launched 23 brand new projects during 2008, 20 of which are located outside Guangdong Province. Most of these new projects were launched between May and November. The intensive launch of new projects, especially in new markets outside Guangdong Province, demonstrated Country Garden s strong project execution capability and effective management structure. The accumulation of valuable experience has set a solid foundation for Country Garden s further strategic growth. The Group has already established its presence outside Guangdong Province such as Hunan Province, Hubei Province, Jiangsu Province, Anhui Province, Liaoning Province, Heilongjiang Province, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and Chongqing Municipality. The Group s project launch outside Guangdong Province, with especially the successful sales of its Shenyang projects, is further proof on the Group s ability to replicate its successful business model outside Guangdong Province.
As at 31 December 2008, there were 54 projects at different stages of development, 26 of which are located outside Guangdong. The attributable gross floor area (GFA) with land use right certificates was approximately 44.39 million sq.m. Among them, the attributable GFA under development was around 14.30 million sq.m. This has provided the Group sufficient development and land reserves for its future growth.
Alongside the continuous expansion in property development and sales, the Group continues to expand its hotel business to broaden its recurring income stream from non-residential developments, thus diversifying the Group s property income portfolio. As at 31 December 2008, the Group operates 3 five-star hotels, 4 five- star standard hotels, as well as 1 four-star hotel with a total of 2,323 guest rooms. Most of the Group s hotels are located in the Group s property development projects. Although the contribution from the hotel business is only a small portion of the Group s total revenue, the existence of five-star standard hotels in the property development projects benefits positively the sales and raises the ancillary value of property projects.
Amid the challenging macro-economic environment, and particularly against the scene of the Group s first-ever large-scale business expansion outside Guangdong Province during the year under review, the Group s total revenue and gross profit reached RMB15,713 million and RMB7,026 million. Profit attributable to equity owners reached RMB1,378 million; which included the fair value loss on equity swap of RMB1,242 million. The adjusted profit attributable to equity owners would have been RMB2,620 million should the aforesaid fair value loss be excluded. The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend of RMB3.00 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2008.
Based on the Group s assessment of the future direction of Chinese property market, especially amid the current economic challenges at home and abroad, Country Garden has developed its short-term and long-term growth strategies. First, based on its existing competitive strength in terms of its pricing flexibility due to its unique development model, the Group has adjusted its product offering according to market changes. It has also redesigned its property products and offerings with even more attractive value- to-price ratio. This measure, led by the new design philosophy, helps Country Garden maintain its competitive edge in terms of speedy cashflow generation while maintaining a reasonable margin. Second, the Group also revised its project operations and management with gradual decentralisation of project management responsibilities, that helps improving management efficiencies and effective speeding up of development cycle, and also improves the Group s ability to respond swiftly to local market changes and helps provide sensitise direction in the strategic selection of appropriate project locations as well as allocation of respective product mix. Third, the Group has also adopted various measures to reduce its operational costs. With regard to the financial management, the Group will continue to seek various funding possibilities, wherever appropriate, in addition to bank financing.
Looking ahead, Country Garden will continue its development in line with the national development strategies and the macro- economic environment, and strategically select project locations.
While maintaining and enhancing strong and sustainable development for projects in Guangdong Province, the Group will assess appropriate opportunities for expansion outside Guangdong. The Group believes that with the increasing maturity of the new project communities and associated property management facilities as well as the increasing recognition of the Company s brand name, the Group will continue to replicate its successful business model in other new high growth regions across China, dedicate its efforts in creating a better society, and generate satisfactory returns for our shareholders.

The achievement that Country Garden has made today is attributable to the concerted efforts of the management and the entire staff. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude to the management and every member of staff of the Company for their excellent effort over the past years. We would also like to thank the local governments for their continued support in making possible the smooth progress of our various projects. We would also like to express our appreciation to our residents, shareholders and business partners for their strong support and confidence in the Group. The entire management and staff of Country Garden will continue to dedicate their professional knowledge with an excellent team spirit, working towards generating satisfactory returns for our 
YEUNG Kwok Keung 
Hong Kong, the PRC, 21 April 2009 