Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
I am pleased to present the annual results of Country
Garden Holdings Company Limited (“Country Garden” or the
“Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for the
year ended 31 December 2007.
During  the  year  under  review,  the  Group’s  project
developments were well in progress within and beyond
Guangdong Province and the property sales recorded
satisfactory performance. For the fi scal year ended 31
December 2007, the Group’s revenue and gross profi t reached
RMB17,735 million and RMB8,174.1 million, representing
an annual growth of 123.3% and 170.8% respectively. Profi t
attributable to equity holders signifi cantly increased by 172.2%
to RMB4,135.9 million comparing with last year. The Board
of Directors recommended the payment of a fi nal dividend of
RMB9.52 cents per share for the year ended 31 December
2007.
The Group was successfully listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong on 20 April 2007 and raised
about HKD14.85 billion. The successful listing has opened the
door of international capital markets to the Group, providing
it with innovative fi nancing tools such as the recent issuance
of convertible bonds with equity swap agreement in February
2008. The bond issuance offered the Group with capital for its
business development and further broadened its global investor
base. Given the market condition warrants, the Group will, in
future, proactively consider other capital market fi nancing tools,
so as to further strengthen the Group’s capital structure.
In line with the national policy, the Group effectively utilized
the listing proceeds to actively expand its business within and
beyond the Guangdong Province. As of 31 December 2007,
there were 45 projects under different stages of development.
The attributable gross fl oor area (GFA) with land use right
certifi cates was approximately 38 million sq.m. Among which,
the attributable GFA under development was around 9.88
million sq.m.
The Group continues to capitalize on its competitive
advantages of rapid property development and fast property
sales. By the end of December 2007, the additional 18 new
projects established since listing are all well underway in
developments. These new projects, together with previous
existing projects, are all expected to contribute towards the
Group’s sales revenue in 2008.
Based in Guangdong Province, Country Garden has been,
in recent years, proactively exploring opportunities to further
its footholds and replicate its successful business model in
other regions outside of Guangdong Province. Country Garden
has already established its presence outside of Guangdong
Province such as in Hunan Province, Hubei Province, Jiangsu
Province, Anhui Province, Liaoning Province, Inner Mongolia
Autonomous Region and Chongqing municipality. By 31
December 2007, Hunan Changsha Country Garden had
achieved contracted sales of approximately RMB2.35 billion
since its fi rst launch in October 2006; Jiangsu Taizhou Country
Garden had also recorded contracted sales of approximately
RMB290 million during its initial two months presale period
starting from January 2008. The successful sale performance
for projects outside of Guangdong Province has well
demonstrated the Group’s strong ability in project execution,
as well as the Group’s ability to replicate its successful
business model beyond Guangdong Province.
The Group continues to expand its hotel business to broaden
its recurring income stream from non-residential developments
which diversifi es the Group’s property income portfolio. As of
31 December 2007, the Group has developed and currently
operates two fi ve-star hotels and one four-star hotel, as well
as fi ve hotels that have been developed to the fi ve-star rating
standard. In addition, the Group has another four fi ve-star
standard hotels under construction.
Country Garden was added to the Morgan Stanley Capital
International (“MSCI”) Global Standard Indices on 1 September
2007 and to the Hang Seng Composite Index 200 and Hang
Seng Mainland Composite Index on 10 September 2007. The
inclusion symbolizes the capital market’s recognition of Country
Garden as a major component of the Hong Kong stock market.
It also strengthened the Group’s benchmarking position in the
international capital market. In future, the Group will continue
to improve its transparency and strengthen its corporate
governance in an effort to enhancing shareholder value.
Being one of the leading integrated property developers in
China, Country Garden faces relatively low market risks. This is
mainly due to the Group’s main focus of developing residential
property projects in 2nd, 3rd and 4th-tier cities, where the
economy and the property markets are experiencing the early
stage of growth in prosperity. Unlike property prices in large
cities that experience downward adjustments, the impact on
the relatively low property priced 2nd, 3rd and 4th-tier cities is
low. In addition, the Group is fully dedicated to providing quality
residential properties with an attractive value to price ratio with
enhancing living environment for local residents. Especially
through following the banner of development a harmonious
society advocated by the central government, the Group will
continue to offer large supply of quality properties which are
value for money. These properties are mainly located in 3rd and
4th-tier cities. Such development model not only realizes rapid
property sales for the Group, but also at the same time helps to
contribute to the price stabilization in the local property market.
The Group believes that the austerity measures implemented
by the government are benefi cial to the long term development
of the property market, especially positive to those companies
with a solid foundation.
Looking ahead, Country Garden will continue its development
in line with the national development strategies and the
environment. Through strategic selection of project locations,
coupled with fast track development, exceptional execution
capability, the Group will further increase its asset turnover,
and replicate its successful business model into other new high
growth regions across China.
APPRECIATION
The achievement that Country Garden has made today is
attributable to the concerted efforts of the management and
the entire staff. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take
this opportunity to express our sincere appreciation to the
management and every staff of the Company for their excellent
effort over the past years. We would also like to extend our
appreciation to the local governments for their continuous
support in making possible the smooth progress of our various
projects. We would also like to express our appreciation to our
residents, shareholders and business partners for their strong
support and confi dence in the Group. The entire management
and staff of Country Garden will continue to dedicate their
professional knowledge with excellent team spirit, working
towards generating prosperous returns to our shareholders.
Yeung Kwok Keung
Chairman
Hong Kong, the PRC, 18 March 2008