Chairman s Statement 
" Total revenue for the year ended 31 December 2010 amounted to approximately RMB25.80 billion, representing an increase of approximately 46.7% compared with the year 2009; recognised GFA reached approximately 4.93 million sq.m., representing an increase of approximately 41.3% compared with the year 2009.
" Profi t attributable to equity owners amounted to approximately RMB4.29 billion (including the approximately RMB55 million fair value gain on equity swap and approximately RMB62 million gain on the repurchase of convertible bond), representing an increase of approximately 95.9% compared with the year 
" Earnings per share amounted to approximately RMB25.89 cents, increased by approximately 93.1% compared with the year 2009.
" Proposed fi nal dividend per share is RMB9.61 cents, increased by approximately 113.6% compared with the year 2009.

I am pleased to present the annual results of Country Garden Holdings Company Limited ( Country Garden or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for year ended 31 December 2010.
Looking back to the three years since listing in 2007, the Group proactively engaged in national expansion, expanding outside Guangdong on a larger scale, and transforming itself from a local focused developer to a developer with a national footprint. Under the impact of the global fi nancial crisis and due to many of the Group s new projects outside Guangdong were at their initial stages, 2008 was a challenging year. However, through continued efforts, the directors (the Directors ) believe that Country Garden s brand name and business model were gradually recognized and increasingly accepted by customers in these new locations. The Group gradually set its foothold in these new markets, through which the Group acquired substantial experiences, setting up a strong base for further cross regional operations. As the Group s presence in these new markets became more established, the Group initiated a series of strategic adjustments and reforms, which was further strengthened in 2010, especially reforms in the areas of evaluating the changing demands of customers, adopting more stringent quality control of its products as well as encouraging product design innovations. The Directors believe these measures resulted in increased demand for the Group s new residential products, which further accelerated the Group s cash infl ow.
Moreover, the corporate initiatives on project management on the basis of establishing regional project management structure, strengthening execution capabilities and the establishment of an effective incentive mechanism, have also shown positive effects, resulting in further enhancement of development effi ciency and product quality for new projects. Through concerted efforts of the entire staff, the Group s total revenue and profi t attributable to equity owners for 2010 have surpassed the levels achieved in 2007 (listing year), setting a new historical high! The Group s contracted sales in 2010 exceeded its full-year target of RMB30 billion, amounting to approximately RMB32.91 billion and contracted gross fl oor area ( GFA ) totalled approximately 6.00 million sq.m., posting an annual growth of about 41.8% and 26.1%, respectively. The Group also exceeded its full-year delivery target of 4.4 million sq.m., with total delivery for 2010 reaching approximately 4.93 million sq.m., an increase of approximately 41.3% compared with 2009. The Group s total revenue and gross profi t reached approximately RMB25,804.1 million and RMB8,351.2 million, respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 46.7% and 80.8%, respectively. Profi t attributable to equity owners rose to a record high of approximately RMB4,290.6 million (inclusive of the fair value gain on the equity swap of approximately RMB55.2 million and gain on the repurchase of the convertible bond of approximately RMB61.9 million), posting a year-on-year increase of approximately 95.9%. The Board recommends the payment of a fi nal dividend of RMB9.61 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 
The Group launched 13 new projects for pre-sales in 2010, among which 10 were in Guangdong. New projects recorded in aggregate contracted sales of approximately RMB6.1 billion. The Group s project development model received extensive recognition from buyers in different regions. For instance, Country Garden Grand Garden, located in Zengcheng Guangzhou, was launched during the 2010 Lunar New Year. The initial launch of 439 units was sold out in the fi rst two days at a transaction amount of approximately RMB560 million. Cumulative contracted sales amount of this project up to the end of 2010 was about RMB1.6 billion. Tianjin Country Garden was launched for pre-sales in July 2010, and received strong response from local buyers. Cumulative contracted sales amount of this project up to the end of 2010 was close to RMB1.1 billion. Dalang Country Garden, the Group s fi rst project in Dongguan City of Guangdong Province, was launched in November 2010. The initial launch of over 370 units was essentially sold out on the debut day, with transaction amount reaching approximately RMB700 million.
The Group continued to achieve strong results in Guangdong Province, its core market, which accounted for around 68% of the Group s total contracted sales. Moreover, with the new projects outside Guangdong gradually reaching the delivery phases, and the improvement in the surrounding environment and ancillary facilities of these new projects over the past two years, the Directors believe the recognition of Country Garden s brand name has been further enhanced outside Guangdong. This will not only boost the revenue growth of these new projects, but will also lay a solid foundation for the long term development of the Group.
As at 31 December 2010, the Group has 84 projects under different stages of development, including 51 in Guangdong. Attributable GFA with land use right certifi cates was approximately 48.30 million sq.m. (approximately 49.6% in Guangdong), among which attributable GFA with construction permits was around 13.71 million sq.m..
The encouraging and gradually growing contract sales during the period under review further validates the strong replicability and sustainability of Country Garden s business model, which is to provide large quantities of quality residential properties to the general public at affordable prices. This helps develop quality residential communities with high accessibility and comprehensive ancillary facilities for a greater number of home buyers.
Alongside the continuing expansion in property development and sales, the Group s hotel business broadened its recurring income stream from non-residential developments, diversifying the Group s property income portfolio.
Hotel revenue in 2010 amounted to approximately RMB472.2 million, representing a year-on-year growth of about 50.3%. As at 31 December 2010, the Group operates 4 fi ve-star hotels, 10 fi ve-star standard hotels, as well as 1 four-star hotel, with a total of 4,730 guest rooms. Most of the Group s hotels are located within the Group s property projects. The Directors believe the development of fi ve-star standard hotels within these property projects assist in sales promotion and enhance the ancillary value of the projects. The Group has signed hotel management contracts or letters of intent with a few high calibre international hotel management fi rms aiming at further unlocking the long- term value potential of the hotel business segment. Wuhu Country Garden Maritim Hotel, a co-operation venture with German hotel brand Maritim, commenced full operation during the year.
With regards to fi nancial management, the Group actively explored various funding channels in the capital markets in addition to its strong bank fi nancing capabilities with major commercial banks. In April 2010, the Group successfully issued senior notes with a 7-year tenor in an aggregate amount of USD550 million to refi nance the USD600 million convertible bond due 2013 ( CB ) pursuant to a tender offer and holders put option. The Group re-entered the international capital market in August 2010 with another new issue of USD400 million 5-year senior notes to refi nance the outstanding CB, pursuant to the holders put option and to fi nance the Group s property developments. By the end of 2010, the Group had repurchased in aggregate about 69.78% of the outstanding principal amount of the CB. The Directors believe that the successful issue of the senior notes, with both senior notes well oversubscribed, refl ected investors confi dence in the Group s business model and fi nancial strengths. The repurchase of the CB demonstrated the Group s proactive and prudent fi nancial management.
The Company had a change in president in July 2010: Mr. CUI Jianbo resigned as the president of the Company. Mr. MO Bin has been appointed as the president and an executive Director of the Company. Mr. CUI subsequently resigned as the executive Director of the Company in January 2011. The Board would like to take this opportunity to express its sincere gratitude to Mr. CUI for the efforts and contributions he has made to the development of the Group during his tenure. Mr. MO is primarily responsible for the management of daily operations and general administration of the Group. Mr. MO graduated from Hengyang Institute of Technology (currently known as University of South China) with an undergraduate degree in industrial and civil architecture, obtained his postgraduate degree from Zhongnan University of Economics and Law and is a professor-grade senior engineer. Prior to joining the Group, Mr.
MO was employed by China Construction Fifth Engineering Division Corp., Ltd., in a number of senior positions since 1989, most recently as director and general manager. Mr. MO has over 20-years extensive experience in a number of areas including property development, construction business, construction management, marketing, cost control and corporate management. Mr. MO will assist the Board to lead Country Garden into the next phase of growth.
With the continuous development of the Chinese economy, the entire management team and all staff members of Country Garden are highly confi dent about the Group s ability to overcome future challenges. The Group will continue to strategically select and develop property projects that are in line with national development strategies and the macro economic environment, leveraging on the Group s strong project execution capabilities to maintain quick asset turnover. We are committed to offering value-for-money property products, creating value for the society and generating satisfactory returns for our shareholders.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude as always to the entire management team and every staff member of Country Garden. The growth of Country Garden would not have been possible without your dedication and contribution. The Group would also like to thank the local governments for their continued support in making possible the smooth progress of our various projects. We would also like to express our appreciation to our shareholders, investors, customers and business partners for their strong support and confi dence in the Group. The management and staff of Country Garden will continue to dedicate their professional knowledge with excellent team spirit to create lucrative returns for our shareholders.
YEUNG Kwok Keung 
Foshan, Guangdong Province, PRC, 1 February 2011 