Chairman s Statement 
" Total revenue for the year ended 31 December 2011 amounted to approximately RMB34.7 billion, representing an increase of approximately 34.7% compared with the year 2010; recognised GFA reached approximately 5.90 million sq.m., representing an increase of approximately 19.6% compared with the year 2010.
" Profi t attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately RMB5.8 billion, representing an increase of approximately 35.5% compared with the year 2010.
" Earnings per share amounted to approximately RMB35.00 cents, increased by approximately 35.2% compared with the year 2010.
" Proposed fi nal dividend per share is RMB12.96 cents, increased by approximately 34.9% compared with the year 2010.

I am pleased to present the annual results of Country Garden Holdings Company Limited ( Country Garden or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2011.
During the year, Country Garden, as always, in accordance with national policies, actively responded to the market changes, offered high-value-for-money products and achieved excellent performance. The Group s full year contracted sales of 2011 amounted to approximately RMB43.2 billion and contracted gross fl oor area ( GFA ) totaled approximately 6.87 million sq.m., posting a year-on-year growth of about 31% and 15%, respectively, and exceeding the full year target of RMB43 billion. Recognised GFA for the year amounted to approximately 5.90 million sq.m., representing an increase of approximately 19.6% compared with 2010. The Group s total revenue and gross profi t reached approximately RMB34,748.3 million and RMB11,995.7 million respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 34.7% and 43.6%, respectively. Profi t attributable to owners of the Company rose to approximately RMB5,813.2 million, posting a year-on-year increase of approximately 35.5%. The Board recommends the payment of a fi nal dividend of RMB12.96 cents for the year ended 31 December 2011.
The Group launched 16 new projects for pre-sales in 2011, among which 10 were in Guangdong Province. New projects were welcomed by the home purchasers when they were initially launched, and recorded an aggregate contracted sales of approximately RMB12.8 billion. Of which, the Group s second project in Huizhou City of Guangdong Province, Country Garden Ten Miles Beach, which was launched on 30 July, had more than 70% of the 5,080 units of the initial launch being subscribed on the fi rst day with transaction amount of over RMB3 billion; the Group s second project in Jiangsu Province, Country Garden Phoenix City (Jurong), which was launched for pre-sales on 15 May, had over 70% of the approximately 2,500 units initially launched being subscribed in the fi rst two days of launch with transaction amount of nearly RMB1.2 billion. These successful new projects have provided sustainable high-quality products to the Group.
The Group continued to achieve strong results in Guangdong Province, its core market, which accounted for around 66% of the Group s total contracted sales. Moreover, with the new projects outside Guangdong Province gradually reaching the delivery phases, and the improvement in the surrounding environment and ancillary facilities of these new projects over the past two to three years, the Board believes that the recognition of Country Garden s brand name has been further enhanced outside Guangdong Province. This will not only boost the revenue growth of these new projects, but will also set a solid foundation for the long-term development of the Group. The ratio of the contracted sales of the projects outside Guangdong Province to that of the Group has increased from approximately 24% in 2008 to approximately 34% in 2011, which verifi es that the Group s successful business model in Guangdong Province is replicable in places outside Guangdong Province.
As at 31 December 2011, the Group has 103 projects under different stages of development, including 62 in Guangdong Province. Attributable GFA with land use right certifi cates was approximately 54.85 million sq.m.
(approximately 45.4% in Guangdong Province), among which attributable GFA with construction permits was around 15.31 million sq.m.. With the steady development in China, the Group is delighted to enter into an agreement on 23 December 2011 with Mayland Group, a well-known property development and investment group in Malaysia, to establish a joint venture company to acquire certain land use rights in Malaysia for developing into residential and ancillary commercial properties.
The encouraging and steadily growing contract sales during the year further validates the strong replicability and sustainability of Country Garden s business model, and proves that the strategy of offering high-value-for-money products has won extensive market recognition. It also demonstrates the Group s strong dedication, in accordance with the national policy, to develop high-quality housings that are affordable by the public.
Alongside the continuing expansion in property development and sales, the Group s hotel business has broadened its recurring income stream from non-residential developments, diversifying the Group s property income portfolio.
Hotel revenue in 2011 amounted to approximately RMB801.7 million, representing a year-on-year growth of about 69.8%. As at 31 December 2011, the Group operated 5 fi ve-star hotels, 21 fi ve-star standard hotels, as well as 1 four-star hotel, with a total of 8,352 guest rooms. Most of the Group s hotels are located within the Group s property projects. The development of fi ve-star standard hotels within these property projects assists in sales promotion and enhances the ancillary value of the projects. The Group has signed hotel management agreements with a few high calibre international hotel management fi rms, such as Hilton and Maritim, aiming at further unlocking the long-term value potential of the hotel business segment.
In the aspect of internal management, during the year, the Group further strengthened the series of reforms carried out in 2010. By emphasizing planning at an early stage, encouraging design innovation and enhancing the product quality, Country Garden has provided high-value-for-money quality products to the customers in various markets.
Meanwhile, through the continuous fi ne-tuning of organization structure and management processes, along with the establishment of the result-oriented performance appraisal system, the execution ability of the projects has been remarkably strengthened.
With regards to fi nancial management, the Group actively explored various funding channels in the capital markets in addition to its strong bank fi nancing capabilities with major commercial banks. In February 2011, the Group re- entered the international capital market, and successfully issued senior notes with a 7-year tenor of US$900 million to consolidate the liquidity position and provide long-term capital for further development. The issuance is the largest single issuance among Asian property developers in 2011, and has received strong demand with signifi cant oversubscription, which refl ects investors confi dence in the Group s operation model and fi nancial strength.
The Group appointed Ms. YANG Ziying as an executive director of the Company on 31 May 2011. Prior to joining the Group in 2008 as an assistant to Chairman, Ms. YANG worked in a renowned global investment bank. Ms.
YANG is primarily responsible for overseeing fi nances of the Group, including offshore and onshore fi nancing.
With the nationwide development of Country Garden s projects, the Group has paid more attention to its brand image of Country Garden . During the year, on top of the guiding motto, Country Garden Giving you a fi ve-star home , the Group has further launched a theme of Happy Country Garden , and continues to provide high-quality happy homes to our customers through high-value-for-money products, beautiful environment, convenient transportation, comprehensive facilities and attentive services, and to help our home owners, employees, business partners and investors to experience happy enterprise through continuously improving internal management and healthily growing performance.
2012 marks the 20th anniversary of Country Garden s establishment, as well as the 5th anniversary of the Company s listing. Looking forward, the Group will continue to strategically select and develop property projects that are in line with national development strategies and the macroeconomic environment, leveraging on the Group s fast track development and strong project execution capabilities to maintain quick asset turnover. We are committed to offering high-value-for-money property products, creating value for the society and generating satisfactory returns for 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude as always to the entire management team and every staff member of Country Garden. The growth of Country Garden would not have been possible without your dedication and contribution. The Group would also like to thank the local governments for their continued support in making possible the smooth progress of our various projects. We would also like to express our appreciation to our shareholders, investors, customers and business partners for their strong support and confi dence in the Group.
The management and staff of Country Garden will continue to dedicate their professional knowledge with excellent team spirit to create lucrative returns for our shareholders.
YEUNG Kwok Keung 
Foshan, Guangdong Province, PRC 28 February 2012 