We started 2012 with strong momentum and delivered an exceptionally good performance for the year. AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ( AAC Technologies or the Company ) continued to strengthen our position as a global leading miniature acoustic solution provider. Capitalizing on the vibrant growth of smart devices, we captured further significant market share from existing customers and won new ones with our innovative design capability, reliable production quality and attentiveness to customers design requirements. Furthermore, our commitment in driving the migration towards higher specifications helped us to augment the technology value of our solutions, and hence, enabled us to grow our business with stable and good profitability.
For the third consecutive year, AAC Technologies delivered record high for revenue and net profit. For the year 2012, revenue rose to RMB6,282.9 million, 54.8% higher than that of 2011 and gross profit increased to RMB2,774.2 million, representing an increase of 55.5% over RMB1,784.4 million for 2011. Net profit of the year reached RMB1,762.6 million, which was 70.1% higher than the net profit of last year.
Gross profit margin and net profit margin were well maintained at 44.2% and 28.1% respectively. By providing solutions with the best technology specifications, we were able to achieve a favorable product mix, thus supporting our margins. In addition, automated production had enhanced our operational efficiency and mitigated surging production costs in the People s Republic of China (the PRC ). Despite heavy investments in automation, the Company has been able to manage its financial position prudently with a net-cash position up to the end of December 2012.
The Board will recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31st December, 2012 of HK50.8 cents per ordinary share. This final dividend, together with the interim dividend of HK20.0 cents, represents a payout ratio of about 40% of the profit attributable to owners of AAC Technologies.
Some of the major achievements during the year are highlighted as follows: " Increased business with existing leading global customers " Captured growth in the tablet market " Delivered a comprehensive acoustic specification upgrade in smart devices " Completed the major phase of automated production " Introduced non-acoustic technology solutions and broadened these product ranges Planning ahead for further growth, the Company is focusing on several key research areas of miniature component solutions such as optics, radio frequency components and haptics. In addition, we continue to enrich our portfolio of acoustic technologies by researching new systems for active noise cancellation, acoustic performance enhancement and 
In 2012, we successfully obtained 259 additional patents, of which 62 are for non-acoustic segments, bringing our portfolio to a total of 908 patents. In 2012, we filed another 223 patents pending, which bring us to a total of 435 patents pending by the end of 2012. During the year, we focused on consolidating various technologies acquired via the companies we have invested in, and as planned, after the year, increased our equity interest in the wafer-level glass moulding company.
There has been exciting growth in the global smart devices market in 2012, and, it is forecasted that this segment will continue to expand. By demonstrating our innovativeness in technology design, AAC Technologies has already established ourselves as one of the world s leading miniature acoustic solutions providers. We will continue to invest in research and development, both acoustic and non-acoustic, with the aim to offer the most innovative, value-adding design solutions. AAC Technologies is committed to maintaining and extending our leading position and to achieve 
I am grateful to all our staff and management for their efforts throughout the year. On behalf of the Company, I would also like to thank all our customers and suppliers and I shall look forward to their continuous support. Finally, as always, my sincere appreciation goes to our Board members for their contribution and invaluable guidance during the year.
Koh Boon Hwee 
