AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ( AAC Technologies or the Company ) has once again delivered strong business performance and financial results in 2013.
We reported record high revenue and net profit for the fourth straight year. For the year ended 31st December, 2013, revenue rose to RMB8,095.9 million, 28.9% higher than that of 2012, and gross profit of RMB3,458.7 million, an increase of 24.7%. Net profit for the year reached RMB2,577.6 million, which was 46.2% higher than the prior year. Gross profit margin was maintained at 42.7% and net profit margin improved to 31.8%. Despite heavy investments in automation, the Company has been able to manage its financial position prudently, ending December 2013 with net cash of RMB1,449.6 
The Board will recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31st December, 2013 of HK$0.83 per ordinary share. This proposed final dividend, together with the interim dividend of HK$0.25, amount to total dividends of HK$1.08, representing a 52.5% growth at an unchanged payout ratio of about 40% of the profit attributable to owners of the Company for the year.
Riding on the continued growth of smart devices, we have grown the Company steadily since 2005. We continue to focus on developing innovative technology designs and improving our production efficiencies to meet the ever-changing needs and rising expectations of our customers. We have established ourselves as a global miniature acoustic solutions provider, having grown acoustic revenue sixfold over the past eight years.
We would like to repeat the success of our acoustic business in the non-acoustic segment. Today, we are as determined as ever to keep broadening our portfolio of technologies. Our efforts to deploy the latest innovative technologies into new growth areas, wireless and optical solutions for the smart devices market, showed good momentum and, most importantly, gained direct endorsement from customers, and received positive feedback from the industry. During the year under review, we were " Qualified as antenna supplier in various handset projects and extended our reach from domestic customers to 
" Introduced new integrated solutions (integrated mechanical structure with antennas and acoustic components) and started penetrating into international customers; " Started to ship 5MP traditional plastic lens to Chinese customers; and " Continued to invest in R&D in both traditional and alternative handset camera solutions.
In 2013, we successfully obtained 287 additional patents, of which 79 are for the non-acoustic segment, bringing our portfolio to a total of 1,190 patents. In 2013, we filed another 267 patents pending, which bring us to a total of 333 patents pending by the end of 2013.
While we have seen some initial achievements, we recognize that there is more to do. In 2014, we will continue to commit capital expenditure to further strengthen our capabilities in the wireless and optical segments. There are specific plans to build our capacity to meet increasing demand from our customers.
We will continue to recruit executives with professional expertise and experience to strengthen our management team. I am confident that the management team will continue to execute our strategies and deliver our innovative solutions for continued growth, building on the solid base that has already been established.
In 2014, we remain steadfastly committed to technology and product innovation. We will continue to invest in research and development with the aim of offering the most innovative, value-adding design solutions to strengthen our core acoustic business and drive growth in wireless and optical solutions.
Finally, I am grateful to all our staff and management for their hard work through the year. On behalf of the Company, I would also like to thank all our customers and suppliers. We look forward to their continued support. As always, my sincere appreciation goes to our Board members for their contribution and invaluable guidance during the year.
Koh Boon Hwee 
