Chairman Statement
Dear Shareholders,
2007 was a challenging and exciting year for AAC Acoustic Technologies Holdings Ltd (“AAC” or the
“Company”). During the first half of the year, our revenues declined due to lower demand from selected
customers. During the second half of the year, we received qualifications from three leading global
companies that design and produce mobile handsets and other consumer handheld devices. These
new customers are well-known for the stringent requirements on performance, quality, technology and
reliability that they expect from their suppliers. We are proud to have been qualified by these customers
as this is a strong endorsement of our superior research, product development and manufacturing
capabilities.
We managed to end the year with growth in turnover and gross profit. Our turnover reached a record high
of RMB1,952.2 million, which was 10.1% higher than our turnover of RMB1,773.4 million achieved in
2006. Our gross profit also rose to a record high of RMB923.5 million, representing an increase of 6.0%
over the 2006 gross profit of RMB871.3 million.
During 2007, our high margin products such as receivers, speakers, multi-function devices and
transducers together accounted for approximately 77.9% of total sales. As a result, we recorded a gross
margin of 47.3%. Our net profit for equity holders in 2007 was RMB551.1 million versus RMB570.3 million
in 2006. The decline in net profit for equity holders was mainly due to higher research and development
expenses and legal fees. During 2007, we booked a total of RMB17.2 million in legal fees for the litigation
against Knowles Electronics LLC (“Knowles”). Excluding legal fees, net profit for equity holders in 2007
would have been RMB568.3 million, translating into a net profit margin of 29.1%.
In December 2007, AAC and Knowles resolved all litigations in the US and China and entered into a
world-wide cross-license agreement which should reinforce the strength of both companies’ patent
portfolios related to Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems (MEMS) technology. We are happy with this
arrangement as it encourages competition and stimulates innovation. We continue to charge ahead with
the development of MEMS technology and there is no restriction on the sale of MEMS microphones
from AAC. For more details on the litigation between AAC and Knowles, please visit the investor relations
section of our website www.aacacoustic.com.
Having obtained many new customer qualifications, our market share in the mobile handset industry
started to increase again during the second half of 2007 and we are well-positioned for significant growth
in 2008 and beyond. Our plans to diversify into non-mobile handset industries are also well on-track. Our
sales to customers in the game console, automobile and other consumer electronic industries are steadily
growing. Our next target is to win component business from notebook companies.
AAC remains committed to technology advancement and the development of in-house intellectual
properties. During 2007, we received 10 additional patents so that we now have a total of 55 patents. As
of 31st December, 2007, we have filed another 63 patent applications which are pending for approval. We
also intend to strengthen our technology platform via acquisitions. Our management team is committed
to seeking out appropriate acquisition targets all over the world which can help to further strengthen the
Company’s existing technology base. In 2007, we acquired an antenna design house which helped with
the development of our “speaker box with antenna” product.
To position ourselves for the longer term, we will strive to make further inroads in MEMS technology (MEMS microphones and MEMS accelerometers) and ceramic technology (including speakers, antennas, motors and sensors). We will also devote resources into the design and packaging of ASIC components as well as technologies related to active noise-cancellation and audio spotlight and the related digital processing methods and software development.
We are very excited about the future. Sound quality of mobile handsets and other consumer electronic devices is increasingly critical. This drives the need for more advanced acoustic components. AAC is well-positioned to further capture market share as we are one of the few companies in the world that can combine acoustic technology research together with product development capabilities, engineering expertise and manufacturing know-how to produce quality miniature acoustic components. Moreover, we intend to leverage on our existing technology platform and manufacturing know-how to go beyond acoustics and launch more non-acoustic miniature components. Ultimately, AAC s goal is to become the world s leading total solutions provider of a large variety of miniature components for use in different kinds of consumer electronic devices.
We are proud of what AAC has achieved. In October 2007, AAC made it to Forbes Asia s Annual Best 200 Under a Billion List. In November 2007, AAC was ranked 10th among Asia s Hot Growth Companies in 2007 by BusinessWeek. Such achievements could not have been possible without the hard work and dedication of our staff and management team. I wish to record my deepest gratitude for the commitment of each and everyone at AAC and we look forward to a very rewarding 2008.
Koh Boon Hwee 