AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ( AAC Technologies or the Company ) delivered satisfactory business performance and financial results in 2014. We reported record revenue of over RMB8.8 billion for the fifth year in a row. 2015 marks the tenth anniversary of our listing on the Mainboard of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ). We look back over the last decade and witnessed how the Company has flourished from annual sales of just over RMB1 billion for the IPO year ended 2005.
For the year ended 31st December, 2014, revenue rose to RMB8,879.3 million, 9.7% higher than that of 2013, and gross profit of RMB3,678.0 million, an increase of 6.3%. Net profit for the year reached RMB2,317.7 million. We delivered a gross margin of 41.4% and net profit margin of 26.1%. The Company exercised prudence in managing its financial position, ending 31st December, 2014 with net cash of RMB184.6 million, after a year of continued investment in automation for the acoustic segments and capacity expansion in non-acoustic segments.
The Board will recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31st December, 2014 of HK$0.71 per ordinary share. This proposed final dividend, together with the interim dividend of HK$0.25, amount to total dividends of HK$0.96, representing a stable payout ratio of about 40% of the profit attributable to owners of the Company for the year.
2014 was an encouraging year for AAC Technologies. We have grown and we have laid important foundations for future development and expansion. We continue to lead in the audio business and continue to develop competitive acoustic solutions for our customers. We have steadily diversified into a range of new non-acoustic business segments, using our core design and production capabilities to offer innovative and integrated solutions. The non-acoustic segments account for 20% of the company s revenues, underlining the strategic progress we have made in building substantial businesses in new sectors. Some highlights for the year under review would be: " We started to work with Smart Power Amplifier ( PA ) and audio signal processing companies to improve the sound output and audio quality of smart devices. This helps to strengthen our leading position by setting audio standards that fits well with our strategy to provide customers with total solutions; " Riding on our mechanical know-how and strong patent portfolio, we were able to offer different solutions of haptic vibrators to customers; " We worked on Radio Frequencies ( RF ) technology to deliver more solutions such as antenna, NFC, wireless charger and integrated solutions (mechanical structure with antennas and acoustic components); and " We established internal optics manufacturing capabilities from design, precision mold manufacturing to assembly 
We successfully obtained 263 additional patents in 2014, of which 87 are for the non-acoustic segments, bringing our intellectual property portfolio to a total of 1,450 patents. In 2014, we filed another 247 patents pending, which bring us to a total of 320 patents pending by the end of the year.
We believe that a business built on the principles of good governance and corporate responsibility is more likely to succeed over the long term. Hence, environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) matters have been an integral part of our business strategy and management approach. During the year under review, we took a step forward by publishing our first Sustainability Report, which discloses ESG performance of the Company in 2013. Since 2012, the Company has been included as a constituent member of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index . And in 2014, our continuous effort in promoting sustainability and high ESG standards was recognized and we were selected as one of the 30-members of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index .
Ten years ago, our business was simply acoustic products, which were produced by manual and semi-automated lines.
We are currently offering total solutions acoustic, haptic, RFantenna, mechanical structure and optics; and production is done by more than a hundred automation lines. We remain positive about the opportunities to grow the business further and we are well placed to capitalize on the growth potential in both acoustic and non-acoustic segments globally.
Lastly, on the behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to all our staff and management for their hard work and dedication. We are grateful to our stakeholders who support and trust in us. In return, we will continue to create more value for you and for the community as a whole, and together, we look forward to the next decade.
Koh Boon Hwee 
