Chairman s Statement 
We delivered further growth in 2010. We started the year with good momentum from an improving worldwide economy at the end of 2009. In the interim, AAC Acoustic Technologies Holdings Inc. ( AAC or the Company ) reported solid results for the first half of 2010, and in the second half of the year, we continued to grow with increased business from existing and newly-acquired customers. Particularly, the smart phone segment of the mobile phone market showed exciting growth and we were able to leverage on our technology capabilities to capture significant market share in this segment during 2010. In addition, as our customers adopted more of our various product categories in their design, we were able to deliver an increase in the average dollar-content of our products per device of our customers. This resulted in a strong financial performance for the year 2010.
We delivered significant increases in sales revenue and in both gross and net profit. Our sales revenue reached RMB3,349.0 million, 52.0% higher than our 2009 sales revenue of RMB2,203.1 million. Our overall gross profit rose to a record high of RMB1,510.4 million, representing an increase of 52.7% over 2009 gross profit of RMB989.1 million. During 2010, we booked a record high net profit for owners of the Company of RMB986.7million, which was 60.4% higher than RMB615.0 million in 2009. Basic earnings per share for 2010 were RMB80.35 cents versus RMB50.08 cents for 2009.
The Board will recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31st December, 2010 of HK23.7 cents per ordinary share. This final dividend, together with the interim dividend of HK14.2 cents, represents a payout ratio of about 40.0%.
During 2010, we recorded a gross margin of 45.1% and booked a net profit margin of 29.5%. The increase in gross margin and net margin, taking into account foreign currency impacts, was due to continuous process improvements, cost and expense controls as well as better utilization from increased business volume. The change in product mix was another important factor.
With this strong performance in the year, AAC improved its balance sheet. By the end of 2010, we had a total of RMB1.8 billion in cash and bank balances, and our net cash position was RMB1.7 billion.
Some of our achievements in 2010 are highlighted here: Increased business in existing leading global mobile phone customers, particularly in the smart 
Continued expansion of our product range with existing and new customers Increased business in new business sectors such as the electronic book reader segment Completed new strategic investments in international technology companies On-track progress of implementation of production automation programs Towards the end of 2010, we have seen a consolidation in the global acoustic components industry. We believe that AAC, as one of the established leaders in the acoustic field, and, with our commitment to advancing our technology in all miniaturised technology components including and beyond the acoustic segment, is well-equipped to maintain and grow our market share in the components industry.
To position ourselves, we will continue to carry out further research in the following areas: (i) in the acoustic segment, the design and packaging of Micro Electro Mechanical Systems ( MEMS ) microphones and technologies related to active noise-cancellation and sound projection, related digital processing methods and software development; (ii) in the optics segment, Voice Coil Motor ( VCM ) auto-focus, lens design and related imaging technologies; and (iii) other miniaturized technology components such as vibrators, antennas, Low Temperature Co-fired Ceramics ( LTCC ) technology for speakers, Radio Frequency ( RF ) front-end module devices substrates and Light Emitting Diode ( LED ) packaging.
In 2010, we successfully obtained 202 additional patents bringing our portfolio to a total of 416 patents. In 2010, we filed another 353 patents pending, which brings us to a total of 388 patents pending by the end of 2010. We also intend to strengthen our technology portfolio via strategic acquisitions and investments.
Our management team is committed to seeking out appropriate acquisition and investment targets globally which can further strengthen the Company s existing technology bases. In 2010, we made an investment by acquiring a significant shareholding in a market leader in the technology and manufacturing of Xenonbased flash lamp and flash modules business in Singapore. In addition, our Company has also acquired a strategic initial investment in a global leader of wafer-level glass molding technology in Denmark, and, increased our investment in the wafer-level optic polymer on glass lens technology company by taking a larger shareholding. Together both these investments should advance our optical solution offering to 
In the year 2010, we have seen further growth of the smart phone segment in the mobile handsets and the emergence of PC tablet devices. As ever, the audio quality and the other functional features in these consumer devices (mobile handsets and smart phones, and, the other consumer electronic devices such as e-book readers and the new PC tablets) are increasingly important as our customers offer the latest design differentiation in their products. Our customers will require more advanced and cost effective technology solutions in the design of all components. We believe that AAC is well-positioned to further capture market share in the acoustic segment and to penetrate into other technology segments as we have been leveraging our focused research with product development capabilities, engineering expertise, and manufacturing know-how in providing the most advanced solutions in the technology components 
AAC aims to become the world s leading miniature components total solution provider.
I am deeply grateful to all our staff and management for the efforts made in 2010 which led to a very satisfactory set of results. We also want to thank all our customers and suppliers for their continued support. And, many thanks to my Board members for their insightful guidance during the year. Finally, I would like to express our gratitude to Mr. Pei Kang for his invaluable contributions to the Board in the past few years, and at the same time, I welcome Ms. Chang Carmen I-Hua to join us as a fellow board member.
Koh Boon Hwee 
