CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT The following are some of the research areas which we are committed to: (i) in the acoustic segment, the design and packaging of MEMS microphones and technologies related to noise-cancellation and sound projection, related digital processing and software development; (ii) in the optics segment, Voice Coil Motor (VCM) auto-focus mechanisms, lens design and related imaging technologies; and (iii) other miniaturized technology components such as haptic vibrators, antennas and ceramic 
In 2011, we successfully obtained 233 additional patents bringing our portfolio to a total of 649 patents. In 2011, we filed another 291 patents pending, which brings us to a total of 480 patents pending by the end of 2011. We also intend to strengthen our technology portfolio via strategic acquisitions and investments.
In 2011, we made an investment in the battery materials sector and, as planned, increased our equity interest in the wafer-level glass moulding company.
There have been significant growth in the smartphone segment of the mobile handsets and the tablet devices in the year 2011. Industry analysts forecast that these devices will continue to grow with exciting prospects in the years to come. As these devices continue to evolve in upgrading their design and functional specifications, more advanced and effective technology solutions will be required. To date, AAC has been successful in capturing a significant global market share in the acoustic segment. By leveraging on effective directed research, product development capabilities and engineering know-how, we aim to increase market share in the acoustic segment and penetrate into other non-acoustic segments such as optics components and wireless solution segments.
AAC is committed to offer the most advanced high-end value-adding components and to become the world s leading miniature components solutions provider.
I am deeply grateful to all our staff and management for their contribution to a very good set of results. On behalf of the Company, I also want to thank all our customers and suppliers for their continued support.
And, finally, my sincere thanks to our Board members for their insightful guidance during the year.
Koh Boon Hwee 
