2008 had been an exciting year before the end of the third quarter when the financial tsunami hit the global economy. In spite of the world wide economic downturn that ensued, AAC Acoustic Technologies Holdings Inc.
( AAC or the Company ) managed to turn in a healthy financial performance for the fiscal year 2008.
We managed to end the year with increased in sales revenue and gross profit. Our sales revenue reached a record high of RMB2,256.0 million, 15.6% higher than our 2007 sales revenue of RMB1,952.2 million. Our overall gross profit also rose to a record high of RMB940.5 million, representing an increase of 1.8% over 2007 gross profit of RMB923.5 million. During 2008, we booked a net profit for equity holders of RMB590.4 million, which was 7.1% higher than RMB551.1 million in 2007. Basic earnings per share for 2008 were RMB48.01 cents versus RMB44.37 cents for 2007.
The Board proposed to recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31st December, 2008 of HK10.9 cents per ordinary share, representing a payout ratio of about 20%.
During 2008, we recorded a gross margin of 41.7% and booked a net profit margin of 26.2%. The decline in gross margin and net margin was primarily due to foreign currency depreciation impact, including both the US dollar and Euro. Secondly, different product mix was another contribution factor. Thirdly, lower production utilization due to lower demand of mobile handsets, in line with the global economic slowdown also affected margins in the fourth quarter of 2008.
Considering the unfavorable economic conditions, AAC still maintained a strong balance sheet. By end 2008, we had a total of RMB1.3 billion in cash and bank balances, and our net cash position was RMB1.2 billion.
Highlights of 2008 achievements: Increased market share in existing leading global mobile phone customers Increased market share at leading portable game console customer Successfully gained new business at leading Smart Phone customers Successfully penetrated into notebook market Successfully combined both RF and Acoustic technologies as a total speaker module solution Established new AAC R&D center and Sales office in Singapore Established new AAC R&D center and Sales office in South Korea Successfully launched Continuous Improvement Program across all operations AAC remains committed to leading technology advancement, and the development of in-house intellectual properties. In 2008, we successfully obtained 43 additional patents bringing our portfolio to a total of 98 patents. In 2008, we filed another 161 patents pending, which brings to a total of 182 patents pending by the end of 2008. We also intend to strengthen our technology portfolio via acquisitions. Our management team is committed to seeking out appropriate acquisition targets all over the world which can help to further strengthen the Company s existing technology base. In 2008, we acquired an ASIC design house which aids the development of our acoustic solution strategy.
To position ourselves for long term growth, we will continue to do further research in the design and packaging of MEMS, Low Temperature Co-fired Ceramic (LTCC) technology for speakers, haptic vibrators, Radio Frequency (RF) antenna, Band Pass Filters (BPF), Light Emitting Diode (LED) packaging and RF module substrates as well as the design and technologies related to active noise-cancellation, sound projection, related digital processing methods and software development.
We are confident about our future markets. As the markets become more competitive, audio quality in mobile handsets and other consumer electronic devices is becoming increasingly important. This drives the need for more advanced and cost effective acoustic components solutions, including integrating speaker modules with RF capabilities. AAC is well-positioned to further capture market share as one of the few companies in the world that can combine acoustic technology research with product development capabilities, engineering expertise, and manufacturing know-how to provide the most advanced acoustic-wireless component solutions in the business.
Moreover, we intend to leverage on our existing technology platform, customer base and manufacturing knowhow to go beyond acoustics, to launch more non-acoustic miniature components. Ultimately, AAC s goal is to become the world s leading total acoustic-wireless solution provider.
Koh Boon Hwee 
