2009 was a challenging year. We were impacted by the global financial tsunami in 2008, but AAC Acoustic Technologies Holdings Inc. ( AAC or the Company ) managed to pull out from the trough of the downturn from the beginning of 2009 and regained its growth momentum. This resulted in 2009 s financial performance being slightly better than that of 
The Company managed to end the year posting only a slight decline in sales revenue but achieving a better gross and net profit over the previous year. The Company s sales revenue reached RMB2,203.1 million, 2.3% lower than our 2008 sales revenue of RMB2,256.0 million. The Company s overall gross profit rose to a record high of RMB989.1 million, representing an increase of 5.2% over 2008 gross profit of RMB940.5 million. During 2009, we booked a record high net profit for owners of the Company of RMB615.0 million, which was 4.2% higher than RMB590.4 million in 2008. Basic earnings per share for 2009 were RMB50.08 cents versus RMB48.01 cents for 2008.
The Board will recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31st December, 2009 of HK15.5 cents per ordinary share. This final dividend, together with the interim dividend, represents a payout ratio of about 40% of the profit attributable to the owners of the Company.
During 2009, we recorded a gross margin of 44.9% and booked a net profit margin of 27.9%. The increase in gross margin and net margin, which has taken into account any adverse foreign currency impacts, was due to continuous process improvements, cost and expense controls as well as higher production utilization caused by our increased business.
Product mix was another contributing factor.
In spite of the challenges posed by the world economy in the year, AAC was able to improve its strong balance sheet.
By the end of 2009, the Company had a total of RMB1.7 billion in cash and bank balances, and the Company s net cash position was RMB1.5 billion.
Here are the highlights of our achievements in 2009: Increased business in existing leading global mobile phone customers Expanded our product range with existing and new customers Increased business at leading portable game console customer Increased business at leading Smart Phone customers Increased business at leading notebook manufacturers Successfully combined both RF and acoustic technologies as a total speaker module solution Successfully acquired the Low Temperature Co-fired Ceramic (LTCC) business in South Korea Successfully invested in a world leader of Wafer Level Optic (WLO) polymer on glass technology Continued to reap the benefits of Continuous Improvement Program across the Company AAC remains committed to advancing our technology and developing our in-house intellectual property. In 2009, we successfully obtained 116 additional patents bringing our portfolio to a total of 214 patents. In 2009, we filed another 251 patents pending, which brings us to a total of 313 patents pending by the end of 2009. We also intend to strengthen our technology portfolio via acquisitions. The Company s management team is committed to seeking out appropriate acquisition targets globally which can further strengthen the Company s existing technology base. In 2009, we acquired a LTCC R&D and manufacturing business in South Korea which aids the development of our acoustic, vibrator and antenna solution strategies. Our Company has also made a strategic investment in the global leader of reflowable WLO polymer on glass lens technology company, with operations in Switzerland and Singapore, which advances the Company s optical 
To position ourselves for long term growth, we will continue to do further research in the design and packaging of MEMS, LTCC technology for speakers, haptic vibrators, Radio Frequency (RF) antenna, Band Pass Filters (BPF), Light Emitting Diode (LED) packaging, and RF module substrates, Voice Coil Motor (VCM) auto-focus as well as the design and technologies related to active noise-cancellation, sound projection, related digital processing methods and software 
The Company is confident about our future markets. As the markets become more competitive, audio quality in mobile handsets and other consumer electronic devices is becoming increasingly important. This drives the need for more advanced and cost effective acoustic components and integrated solutions, including speaker modules with RF capabilities. AAC is well-positioned to further capture market share as one of the few companies in the world that can combine acoustic technology research with product development capabilities, engineering expertise, and manufacturing know-how to provide the most advanced acoustic-wireless component solutions in the business. Moreover, we intend to leverage on our existing technology platform, customer base and manufacturing competencies to go beyond acoustics, to launch more non-acoustic miniature components in the areas of touch and imaging. AAC is on track to become the world s leading miniature components total solution provider.
I am deeply grateful to our staff and management for the tremendous effort made in 2009. It is a very satisfactory set of results given the difficult economic environment. We also want to thank all our customers and suppliers for their confidence in us and for their support. Thank you also to my fellow board members for their insight and wise counsel during these challenging times.
Koh Boon Hwee 
