As we step into the first year of our second decade of listing on the Mainboard of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ), we are pleased with the growth of AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ( AAC Technologies or 
2015 was the sixth consecutive year of record breaking sales for the Company. For the year ended 31st December, 2015, revenue rose to RMB11,738.9 million, 32.2% higher than that of 2014, and gross profit to RMB4,872.1 million, an increase of 32.5%. Net profit for the year climbed by 34.1% reaching RMB3,106.9 million. We delivered a better gross margin of 41.5% and net profit margin of 26.5%. The Company exercised prudence in managing its financial position, ending 31st December, 2015 with net cash of RMB416.0 million, after another year of continued investment for the acoustic segment and capacity expansion in non-acoustic segments.
Based upon this set of results, the Board is recommending the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31st December, 2015 of HK$0.95 per ordinary share. This proposed final dividend, together with the interim dividend of HK$0.25, amount to total dividends of HK$1.20, representing a stable payout ratio of about 40% of the profit attributable to owners of the Company for the year.
During the past fiscal year, we demonstrated our strengths and capabilities in the new non-acoustic business segments through achieving impressive growth of 165.8% year-on-year, contributing 37.9% of total revenue, up from 18.8% of 2014.
Today, AAC Technologies has evolved into a more diverse company in terms of solutions and customers portfolios. The strengthening of new growth drivers makes our business stronger than ever before.
The following were some of the major achievements during the year: " Continued to stay ahead of development trends in the acoustic area. We now offer high, mid, low three-tier solutions to our customers; " Riding on our mechanical know-how and strong patent portfolio, we were able to offer more complicated solutions of haptic vibrators with good production yield; " Demonstrated strong design and production capabilities on RF technologies and extended to high-end CNC 
" Completed acquisition and continual integration of WiSpry, Inc. ( WiSpry ) to boost our position as a unique RF solutions provider; and " Started shipment of front camera lenses.
In the second half of 2015, we reinvigorated the corporate logo which emphasises our vision of becoming a leading integrated miniature component technologies solution provider. The new corporate logo celebrates our evolvement in the technologies segment, signifying our company culture and our focused values.
We promote a management culture of continuous learning, improvement, and innovation. In 2015, we successfully obtained 284 additional patents, of which 126 are for the non-acoustic segments, bringing our intellectual property portfolio to a total of 1,726 patents. We filed another 474 patents pending, which bring us to a total of 480 patents pending by the end of the year.
While we endeavor to be the leader in the technology segments we operate, we are mindful of our social responsibility and commitment in engaging our stakeholders to build a greener future. Discussions on the Company s environmental, social, and governance practices, relationships with stakeholders and compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Company are contained in the Sustainability review in the Corporate Governance Report on page 29 to 46.
In 2015, the Company has already published its second annual Sustainability Report that highlighted our initiatives in the year 2014. We are pleased that our continuous efforts in promoting sustainability and upholding high standards in environmental, social and corporate governance aspects are recognised; the Company has been selected again as a constituent member of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index in August 2015.
In the 10-year period since IPO, we have achieved significant business growth and diversity. Our revenue has leapt almost ten-fold from RMB1.1 billion to RMB11.7 billion in 2015. Through acquisitions and organic growth within our existing operations, the Company has diversified its business segments. We now have a range of technology solutions on offer, spanning acoustic, RF Mechanical, Haptics and Optics, to drive growth for the future.
Technology is evolving fast, so are our innovation capabilities. We will continue to stay focused on technology development to support smart devices makers to improve and create new user experiences. We have well-planned strategies with a clear solutions roadmap to further develop our technology platforms for miniaturized solutions to deliver long-term profitable growth and enable us to extend our reach to different applications.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all our staff and management for their contribution to a good set of results. We are grateful to our stakeholders who support and trust in us. And, finally, my sincere thanks to my fellow Board members for their guidance and wise counsel during the year.
Koh Boon Hwee 
