To integrate the sports spirit of Going Beyond Oneself into everyone s daily life.

To become the top national sportswear brand in China in terms of both brand desirability and market share, and to be respected by others as well as to develop into a sustainable world-class 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present our annual results for the year ended 31 December 2013.
We Maintained Solid Performance amid 
Despite the ongoing inventory clearance and intense competition in China s sportswear industry, we achieved solid performance during the year. Our comprehensive retail-oriented measures have made good progress and are bearing fruit, which enabled us and our retailers to minimise inventory risks and to enhance profitability. Our turnover decreased by 4.5% to RMB7.28 billion for the year (2012: RMB7.62 billion). As our differentiated value-for-money products received an excellent response from consumers, replenishment orders were made to satisfy the higher-than-expected demand, which therefore led the decline in turnover to be smaller than decline in the order value for 2013 trade fairs we announced earlier. Profit attributable to equity shareholders dropped by 3.2% to RMB1.31 billion for the year (2012: RMB1.36 billion). Accordingly, basic earnings per share amounted to RMB52.71 cents (2012: RMB54.48 cents). The improvement in our operational and financial results shows that we are recovering. To provide attractive returns to our shareholders, the Board proposed a final dividend of HK22 cents per ordinary share (2012: HK17 cents) and a special dividend of HK7 cents per ordinary share (2012: HK8 cents) which, together with the interim dividend of HK19 cents (2012: HK23 cents), represent a payout ratio of 71.7% of profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year (2012: 71.7%).
We Adopted a Cost-effective Marketing Strategy to Enhance Brand Equity With the aim of standing out from our peers, we always stay focused on our mass market positioning and strive to further enhance our brand equity by enriching our diverse sports resources. During the year, we put forth our best efforts in reinforcing our influence and leading position in basketball, one of our key market segments. We launched the brand new Basketball is Priceless marketing campaign during Kevin Garnett s China Tour. We are also endorsed by the next-generation NBA all-star point guard Rajon Rondo who came onboard shortly after the campaign kicked off. As the leading Chinese sportswear brand representing China s sports industry, we successfully extended our partnership with the COC. In addition, we provide stylish high-quality professional sportswear outfits to 16 Chinese national teams, including our newly sponsored national boxing team, taekwondo team and karate team. More importantly, we have joined hands with table tennis world champions Zhang Jike and Liu Shiwen, as well as two-time Olympic boxing gold medalist Zou Shiming, to demonstrate ANTA s Keep Moving brand spirit and to gain greater recognition and creditability for our brand and professional products.
We Innovate Good Value-for-Money Sportswear to Serve Consumers Innovation is one of the keys to our success. Our strong capacity for innovation continues to bring us greater differentiation and helps us extend our leading position in China s sportswear market. Our A-Silo running shoes received overwhelming market response since its launch in 2012, and have become one of ANTA s best-selling shoes. During the year, we further optimised the designs of the shoe last, the use of materials and the cushioning performance of our A-Silo 3.0 running shoes. The shoes also incorporate permeable A-Web technology, which offers a greater degree of comfort for wearers by keeping their feet dry. Furthermore, we rolled out the RR1 and KG IV basketball shoes specially designed for our endorsed NBA all-star players Rajon Rondo and Kevin Garnett, respectively. They are sold at only RMB399, but are equipped with excellent functions which fully meet top NBA players on-court needs. The launch of these affordable and good value-for-money products have not only impressed the mass consumer group, but also set off a buying craze across China. Due to our strong product differentiation and effective pricing strategy, we have been named the top seller of travel and sports shoes in China in terms of market share for 12 
We Take Retail-oriented Measures to Improve the Profitability of Our Retailers We have always strived to help our retailers stay competitive and to improve their profitability by taking comprehensive retail- oriented measures. In addition to implementing a streamlined distribution structure, monitoring retail sales performance and managing in-store inventory, we have engaged in the thorough analysis of real-time data gathered from our ERP system and provided our retailers more precise guidelines at trade fairs according to the most up-to-date market trends. Meanwhile, we have further strengthened our product differentiation and optimised the flexibility and efficiency of replenishment so as to satisfy the unexpected demand for our in-season signature products. Furthermore, we have continued to enhance store efficiency and maintain a strong presence in second and third tier cities across China. We believe these measures not only help minimise our retailers inventory risks, but also improve their operational performance as well as their confidence in our future order planning, consumer demand forecasting and replenishment 
We Outperform through Stronger Execution and Operational Capabilities China s sportswear industry is generally believed to still face uncertainty in the near-term. However, we have seen a continuous positive growth in our new collection orders for trade fairs in the first three quarters of 2014. Our solid operational performance and strong trade fair results fully prove that we are recovering.
Meanwhile, domestic demand expansion, urbanisation and popularisation of sports are favourable factors spurring China s sportswear market in the mid-to-long term. To capture the growing demand for professional sportswear and to make our retailers more profitable, we will continue to implement retail- oriented measures by providing value-for-money products that fit consumer preferences and needs.
We will also leverage our ERP system to manage inventory at the retail level, analyse market trends, forecast consumer demand and formulate ordering guidelines more precisely and effectively.
Our solid supply chain and self-production capabilities will enable us to arrange more timely and cost-effective replenishment of hot selling items. More importantly, we will launch more affordable products featuring the best functionality and design, and will fully leverage our partnerships with the COC, Chinese national teams, champion athletes as well as our star-studded lineup of NBA endorsers to bolster product sales with eye-catching advertising and effective marketing strategies. In addition to our core business of ANTA performance-based series, we will strategically expand our Kids sportswear series, e-commerce and Fila business in the PRC to capture the growing demand in various market segments.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders for their steadfast support and to all of our staff members for their unmatched dedication. We will strive to ensure the steady development of ourselves, our supply chain partners, distributors and franchisees, and to create greater value for our stakeholders over the long run.

Hong Kong, 26 February 2014 