Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of ANTA Sports Products Limited, I am pleased to report the audited annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2008.

On 10 July 2008, the Group celebrated the first anniversary of our successful listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Since the listing, the Group has achieved excellence in various areas and built a concrete foundation for our future development.
Following the success in 2007, the Group seized the opportunities and achieved a strong growth in 2008. During the year, the Group s turnover reached RMB4.63 billion (2007: RMB2.99 billion), representing an increase of approximately 55%. Profit attributable to shareholders increased to RMB894.8 million (2007: RMB537.8 million), representing an increase of 66.4%. Basic earnings per share for the year were RMB35.9 cents (2007: RMB25.3 cents).
Accordingly, the Board proposed to declare a final dividend of HK10 cents per ordinary share and a special dividend of HK8 cents per ordinary share, together with an interim dividend of HK10 cents per ordinary share, making a total payout of 68.6% of the profit for the year.

During the year, the Group has enhanced our product innovation and introduced the A-Core II and A-Cozel II technology, offering our athletes and consumers a mixture of stylish and performance-based sportswear products. Our endorsed international basketball player, Luis Scola, wore ANTA basketball shoes in the Rookie Challenge and the Beijing Olympics 2008, highlighting the professionalism and international recognition of the 
Meanwhile, the Group has placed great emphasis on integrating sponsorship resources to promote our brand image, including sports leagues sponsorship, featured products promotion and athletes endorsement. Through the sponsorships of basketball, table tennis and volleyball leagues as well as elite athletes in China, the Group has strengthened our recognition and credibility of our performance-based products in the market. The Group has also launched several promotional campaigns such as Fuel Up China , My Tough Backbone is Made of China Spirit and Harder Training Brings Brighter Flame , encouraging people s support for the Chinese national team during Beijing Olympics 2008 and conveying ANTA s brand ideology among the consumers.

Moreover, the Group has established an effective distribution network. The 5,000th ANTA store was opened in May 2008 in Hefei, Anhui Province, marking a significant milestone for the Group in retail network management, and the number of ANTA stores has increased to 5,667 at the end of 2008. The Group has opened a total of 9 flagship stores in the key markets of Shenyang, Wuhan, Shanghai (2 stores), Beijing, Changsha, Chongqing, Xiamen and Hefei in China. The effective distribution network ensures the timely launch of new products and enhances our brand image and competitiveness.
Thanks to those achievements, the Group has a leading position in our market share and has led in the composite index on market share of sports footwear in China rated by the China General Chamber of Commerce and the China National Commercial Information Centre for seven 
returNs to society In addition to our business achievements, the Group has made contributions to the society.
Soon after the earthquake in Sichuan Province, the PRC, in May 2008, the Group immediately made donations of cash and sportswear to the afflicted areas and encouraged our distributors, franchisees, suppliers and employees to do the same.
The Group has participated in various voluntary activities and was awarded The Most Benevolent Foreign Enterprise China Charity Award by the Ministry of Civil Affairs of 
I was honored to be recognised as one of Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year China 2008 , as a credit to our excellent performance in business operation.
Besides me, the honor also belongs to those people who have contributed to the sportswear industry. We will strive to be one of the leading sportswear companies in the world in the tradition of our pragmatic and efficient corporate operation approach. Furthermore, because of our outstanding investor relations service, the Group was also awarded the Certificate of Excellence by the IR Magazine after receiving votes from institutional investors 
On 25 February 2009, the World Economic Forum announced the Young Global Leaders ( YGL ) 2009 in Geneva of Switzerland. I am honoured to be nominated as a YGL, recognising the Group s professional accomplishments, commitment to society and potential to contribute to shaping the future of the world.

Looking forward, despite the deepening global economic downturn, China s economy is expected to maintain a stable and relatively fast growth under the proactive fiscal measures and relaxed monetary policy imposed by the PRC Government. The transformation of economic structure is expected to stimulate domestic demand and boost local consumption.
Further, demand for sportswear products will keep growing as a result of greater health awareness and sports participation in the community due to the improving living standards and increasing sporting events promotion. The current per capita spending on sportswear products in China is much lower than those in well-developed countries, which implies rooms for development and expansion.
Riding on the Olympics heat, the market competition has intensified with the emergence of a large number of local sportswear brands. At the same time, the Group expects the China sportswear market to migrate to a stage of consolidation. Consumers will go for sportswear products which offer high quality and professional performance at reasonable prices. Well-developed brands with good recognition, extensive distribution network and strong R&D capabilities will have the advantage amidst market 
In 2009, the Group will expand our undertaking in tennis which becomes a popular sports in China. In order to promote our professionalism and pave the way for success for our tennis sportswear series, the Group has signed an endorsement contract with one of the world s top female tennis players, Jelena Jankovic, in January 2009, and her designated tennis sportswear products will be introduced to the mass market in China.
The Group also targets to extend strategic partnerships with sports associations, to showcase our sportswear worldwide and helping our brand to go global.
The preceding year was a remarkable year for the Group which has achieved continuous business expansion and strong financial results. In 2009, the Group will face various challenges arising from the global financial crisis and potential economic slowdown. We will strengthen our competitiveness by enhancing brand equity, product portfolio and cost efficiency so as to convert challenges into opportunities.
In order to meet the market demand, the Group continues to strengthen our competitiveness by diversifying the product range. The Group has introduced Trendy sneaker series and Kids sportswear series to the mass market. These two product series will be further developed to strengthen our market position in China.
The Group continues to embrace the Keep Moving spirit by striving to strengthen our branding strategy and R&D capabilities, as well as enhancing the professionalism and desirability of the ANTA brand to create greater value for the Group and our shareholders.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders and business partners for their support and trust, and also to our employees for their contribution. I am confident that we can achieve even greater success together in the coming years.

Hong Kong, 2 March 2009 
TOTal sales FlOOR aRea OF aNTa sTORes 