CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present our annual results for the year ended 31 December 2014.
We Picked up Growth Momentum and Delivered Sustainable Results Facing rapid changes and intense competition in China s sportswear industry, we further enhanced product differentiation and implemented retail-oriented measures aimed at offering innovative products that fully match consumer demand, thereby gaining market share and improving retailers profitability for the long term. Our turnover increased by 22.5% to RMB8.92 billion for the year (2013: RMB7.28 billion), not only due to the growing demand for our differentiated value-for-money ANTA products, but also due to notable growth in other businesses, particularly in the Kids, Fila and e-commerce businesses.
Profit attributable to equity shareholders also rose by 29.3% to RMB1.70 billion (2013: RMB1.31 billion), with basic earnings per share amounting to RMB68.12 cents (2013: RMB52.71 cents). To provide attractive returns to our shareholders, the Board proposed a final dividend of HK28 cents per ordinary share (2013 final dividend: HK22 cents) and a special dividend of HK8 cents per ordinary share (2013 special dividend: HK7 cents), together with the interim dividend of HK25 cents (2013 interim dividend: HK19 cents), representing a payout ratio of 71.0% of profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year 
We Adopted a Focused Marketing Strategy to Enhance Brand Equity We have consistently positioned ANTA as a functional sportswear brand that focuses on the mass market and we have always enriched and leveraged our unique sports resources to differentiate ANTA from its peers. During the year, we put forth our best efforts to reinforce our influence and leading position in China s basketball market by entering an alliance with the NBA China. We are not only the official marketing partner of NBA China, but also the first Chinese sportswear brand to be a licensee of the NBA, allowing us to launch co-branded products carrying both the NBA and ANTA logos in China. Furthermore, Chandler Parsons, a rising NBA player has joined our star-studded lineup of endorsers to promote our professional, high functionality, yet affordable basketball products. We also held a China tour for top NBA point guard Rajon Rondo, another ANTA-basketball endorser, which stirred up a basketball craze in China and drew considerable attention to ANTA. As an official partner of the COC, we tailor-made impressive winning outfits for the CSD to the Sochi Winter Olympics as well as the Incheon Asian Games. We have also started our first-ever collaboration with China s Gymnastics, Weight Lifting, Wrestling and Judo Sports Management Centres.
ANTA-designed winning outfits and professional competition gear for 24 Chinese national teams consistently appeared in the spotlight at different sporting events, not only demonstrating our bold breakthroughs in fashion design and technological innovation, but also further deepening our brand image as representing China s sports essence and boosting Chinese consumers sense of pride in their national brand.
We Develop and Refine Value-for-Money Sportswear to Serve Consumers Innovation is one of the keys to our success. Our strong capacity for innovation continues to bring us greater differentiation and helps us extend our leading position in China s sportswear market.
During the year, we launched a revolutionary new running shoe featuring A-Web 2.0 technology with cutting-edge technologies applied to both the vamp and sole. The A-Web 2.0 technology featured in the vamp employs the most popular knitting technology used today, enhancing breathability and providing wearers a better fit and a more comfortable wearing experience. In addition, the sole adopts the innovative A-Loop technology, which provides greater comfort, springiness, energy return as well as sustainability in support for different runners body forms. Adhering to the principle of providing value-for-money of ANTA products, the A-Web 2.0 running shoe featuring excellent functionality and sports performance, the premium basketball shoes designated for ANTA-endorsed NBA players and the ANTA-NBA co-branded products which have been very well-received by China s NBA fans are all selling at affordable prices for mass-market consumers.
Due to our strong product differentiation and effective pricing strategy, we were named the top seller of travel and sports shoes in China in terms of market share for the 13th consecutive year.
We Optimise Retail-oriented Measures to Improve the Profitability of Our Retailers We have always strived to help our retailers stay competitive and to improve their profitability by taking comprehensive retail- oriented measures since the onset of the industry downturn.
In addition to implementing a streamlined distribution structure and emphasising retail efficiency in our corporate culture and values, we have engaged in thorough analysis of real-time retail performance and inventory movements gathered from our ERP system and provided our retailers more precise guidelines at trade fairs according to the most up-to-date market trends. Meanwhile, we have further strengthened our product differentiation and optimised the flexibility and efficiency of replenishment so as to satisfy the unforeseeable demand for our in-season signature products. Furthermore, we have continued to enhance store efficiency and maintain a strong presence in second-and third- tier cities across China. We believe these measures not only help minimise our retailers inventory risks, but also improve their operational performance as well as their confidence in our future order planning, consumer demand forecasting and replenishment arrangements. More importantly, we have further strategically expanded our e-commerce business to capture tremendous demand from increasing online shoppers and to bring synergy to both our online and offline retailers.
We Outperform through Stronger Execution and Operational Capabilities China s sportswear industry is generally expected to still face intense competition and consolidation in the near-term.
Nevertheless, we have made good progress in our retail- oriented measures and are the first domestic sportswear branded enterprise to achieve a turnaround in the sector through continuous, positive growth in our trade fair results and stronger confidence in our brand and products among retailers. Meanwhile, the Chinese government s support in expanding domestic demand, accelerating the development of the sports industry and the growing popularity of sports participation in China are favourable factors spurring the domestic sportswear market in the mid-to-long term. To stand out and to gain market share from our competitors, we will leverage the influence of our unique sponsorship resources as well as our endorsers to strengthen our brand equity and recognition. We will offer more innovative and differentiated value-for-money products that fit consumer preferences and needs. Besides, we will formulate precise ordering, replenishment and store opening plans for our retailers through our sophisticated ERP system, which will help them effectively maximise profitability and prevent excess inventory. We will also strategically expand our ANTA-NBA co-branded series, Kids sportswear series, e-commerce business and Fila business in the PRC to bolster sales and to capture the growing demand from both online and offline consumers in various markets.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders for their steadfast support and to all of our staff members for their unmatched dedication. We will strive to ensure the steady development of ourselves, our supply chain partners, distributors and franchisees, and to create greater value for our stakeholders over the long run.

Hong Kong, 11 February 2015 