We firmly believe brand equity value to be the basis of our business decision making and the core values to be maintained by ANTA Sports people.
CHAIRMAN S BLOG 
On behalf of the Board of ANTA Sports Products Limited, I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2010.
Provident Strategies Sustain Our Healthy Growth Momentum Looking back on the market environment in 2010, the economy has recovered after the global financial crisis. The surge in disposable income and domestic consumption continued to fuel the growth of the sportswear industry.
Although industry participants have delivered mixed performances, the Group was able to achieve strong and healthy growth and deliver a set of impressive financial and operational results by leveraging our competitive strengths and effective development strategies. During the year, the Group s turnover increased by 26.1% to RMB7.41 billion (2009: RMB5.87 billion). Profit attributable to equity shareholders rose 24.0% to RMB1.55 billion (2009: RMB1.25 billion). Basic earnings per share were RMB62.21 cents (2009: RMB50.23 cents). The Board proposed to declare a final dividend of HK25 cents per ordinary share (2009 final dividend: HK12 cents; 2009 special dividend: HK11 cents) which, together with an interim dividend of HK20 cents per ordinary share (2009: HK12 cents), represent a payout ratio of 62.1% of profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year.
COC Partnership Helps ANTA Stand Out in the Sportswear Industry Brand awareness among Chinese consumers has been growing steadily as the level of affluence and living standards continue to improve. To enhance the desirability of our brand, we have been working closely with the COC to promote sports. Our four-year exclusive sportswear partnership for the COC has proved to be an invaluable platform to set us apart from competitors. During the Guangzhou 2010 Asian Games, the CSD once again dominated the medal count. Chinese athletes also achieved their best results in the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics, including 3 golds earned by our endorsed athletes. Such outstanding achievements by the CSD in turn helped lift ANTA s profile with the Chinese medal winners receiving the honours in victory ceremonies dressing in ANTA-designed outfit. What s more, we have expanded our COC partnership and further enhanced our brand exposure through the launch of ANTA " China Sports channel in collaboration with the COC s Internet service partner, Sina.
ANTA Taps Market Potential amid High-profile Sporting Events In order to get the most out of our marketing efforts and to capture market opportunities from the most influential sporting events in 2010, Winter Olympics and Asian Games, we stepped up our ongoing and comprehensive Support China Altogether marketing campaign to help drum up public enthusiasm and to bring ANTA closer to consumers.
Apart from rolling out popularly acclaimed TVC and POP, we also put on display ANTA-designed CSD victory outfit at major shopping malls to let the public share the joy and glory of the nation s sporting achievements. Moreover, the interactive campaign successfully encouraged the public participation by experiencing the games. The campaign not only generated positive feedback from the market but also strengthened ANTA s symbolic role as of the representative of China s sports industry. We believe our effective promotion of major sporting events will ultimately boost sports participation and benefit the long term growth of the 
Basketball Superstar Empowers ANTA s Endorsement Portfolio We are dedicated to building on our endorsement resources with the addition of mega athletes to help us reach out to target customers. During the year, we have added NBA superstar Kevin Garnett to our endorsement list, which marks one of the most significant scoops of our branding efforts. Our international basketball endorsers, Kevin Garnett and Luis Scola, are both committed to promoting the development of the sport in China. They not only coached aspiring young players on basketball skills but also drew huge crowds of cheering fans as they toured around China. Riding on their popularity and influence, we have been able to win over the attention of basketball fans and successfully strengthen ANTA s association with the sport. The basketball duo also have worn state-of-the-art ANTA basketball shoes in NBA matches, further validating our brand and premium quality of ANTA sportswear in front of global audience. We have also launched a series of marketing promotions starring Kevin Garnett to promote the KG sportswear series. Meanwhile, we continue to partner with the major leagues in Chinese basketball, CBA and CUBA, through various marketing activities to promote our featured products to basketball fans. Leveraging our comprehensive basketball sponsorship and endorsement resources, we have been able to reinforce our brand influence and leadership in the domestic basketball 
To integrate the sports spirit of Going Beyond Oneself into everyone s daily life.
Healthy Network Expansion Boosts Notable Sales Performance The Group sees tremendous opportunities in the mass market as its size and purchasing power continue to grow on the back of strong economic growth and higher wages. As the pace of urbanisation accelerates more prime locations are opening up for new stores, which means more opportunities for us to expand the distribution network. At the end of 2010, the total number of ANTA stores surpassed the milestone 7,000 mark and reached 7,549. We strongly believe a healthy distribution network is vital for the sustainable growth of the Group. That is why we are focused on increasing our store efficiency and the competitiveness of our network. Not only did we boost retail sales by working more closely with distributors and franchisees, we also offered guidelines and trainings to help them optimise store operation and expansion planning. In addition, we have shared timely market analysis and provide thorough reviews on retailers trade fair ordering plans so as to achieve healthy inventory and discounts levels. As a result, they have been able to sustain profitability through better inventory management, more accurate ordering and effective store operation.
Innovation Drives Product 
Product differentiation and R&D capability are the keys to our success. Our self-developed A-Jelly technology has been upgraded to offer greater resilience and more comfort for both professional athletes and leisure consumers.
Always striving to enhance our R&D capability, we have applied advanced technologies to a wide range of products which have resulted in good market response. We are also committed to optimising and enriching our product mix to gauge the potential of different market segments. We have made a great leap in widening our apparel product offerings and have steadily expanded the Sports Lifestyle and Kids sportswear series. More value-added products such as the KG and I Love CBA basketball series as well as COC licensed products have been rolled out in response to growing consumer demand for branded value-for-money and their increasingly sophisticated tastes. Owing to our consistent efforts to innovate, we have been the top seller of travel and sports shoes in terms of market share for nine years in a row in China.
Sustainability Is the Overarching Value that Guides Our Work Looking ahead, we see both opportunities and challenges in the sportswear industry. The prospect of mass market remains promising amid the increases in purchasing power and sports participation, thanks to the Chinese government s economic policies and its efforts to promote sports. Continued industry consolidation also enables the Group to expand market share by leveraging our competitive edge. However, increasing cost pressures will continue to confront all industry players and their retailers. In order to sustain our profitability and that of retailers, we will implement more effective cost control measures and closely work with retailers to ensure their store efficiency and inventory levels healthy. We have also undertaken the ERP optimisation program in order to monitor our retail performance and to gain more real-time market intelligence for long term growth.
Seize Opportunities by Market and 
Solid brand equity has always been, and will continue to be, our strongest competitive advantage. We will further consolidate our leading position by leveraging our solid sponsorship and endorsement portfolio. In particular, we have been able to increase our brand s desirability by successfully strengthening our relationship with basketball fans through the Kevin Garnett endorsement. We are also ready to roll out marketing campaign and featured products leveraging the CSD's participation in the London Olympics to raise public awareness in the lead-up to the games.
Moreover, the Group is focused on seizing opportunities by diversifying into emerging markets and product categories.
In view of the promising potential of the women and teenagers markets, we will take steps to expand and enrich the women s sportswear and Sport Lifestyle series to meet the increasing demand. While expanding our footprint in the mass market, the Group will also seek to rejuvenate the Fila brand, and revitalise its product offerings and network coverage so we can expand our presence in the high-end 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders, customers and business partners for their continued support. I would also like to extend my appreciation to the Board members and all of our staff for their dedication and hard work.

Hong Kong, 21 February 2011 
To become the top national sportswear brand in China in terms of both brand desirability and market share, and to be respected by others as well as to develop into a sustainable world-class sportswear 
