CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
To integrate the sports spirit of Going Beyond Oneself into everyone s daily life.

On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the Group s annual results for the year ended 31 December 2011.
We Focus on Sustainability and Maintaining Healthy Growth Though China s economy continued to grow steadily during the year, the pace of growth showed signs of moderation due to volatility in the global economy. Consistently high levels of inflationary pressure affected consumer sentiment, hindering growth in domestic consumption. However, rising income levels and a steady increase in sports participation helped to fuel growth momentum in the sportswear industry in China. Seeing both opportunities and challenges, the Group continued to stay focused on our mass market positioning while at the same time enhancing our strong brand equity, healthy distribution network and innovative product creation.
Despite the intense competition in the sportswear industry, we consistently upheld our leading position and maintained sound financial performance, with the Group s turnover increasing by 20.2% year-on-year to RMB8.90 billion during the year (2010: RMB7.41 billion). Profit attributable to equity shareholders rose 11.5% to RMB1.73 billion (2010: RMB1.55 billion), and basic earnings per share were RMB69.37 cents (2010: RMB62.21 cents). In view of the strong results, the Board proposed to declare a final dividend of HK26 cents per ordinary share (2010 final dividend: HK25 cents) which, together with an interim dividend of HK26 cents per ordinary share (2010 interim dividend: HK20 cents), represent a payout ratio of 61.1% of profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year.
We Connect Our Brand with Sports 
Over the years, the Group has built a comprehensive sponsorship portfolio to strengthen our leadership in China s sportswear market. Our brand, ANTA, also enjoys strong recognition thanks to the powerful influence of our endorsed athletes. During the year, we continued to connect ANTA with basketball lovers in China by sponsoring the influential CBA and CUBA basketball leagues.
Furthermore, we held a series of Street Basketball Contest throughout the country, which were wildly successful in arousing enthusiasm among young people. Our endorsed superstars Kevin Garnett and Luis Scola also linked ANTA with basketball fans when they toured China. In addition, our exclusive four-year sportswear partnership with the COC as well as our support for the Olympic Day Run continued to differentiate ANTA from peer brands and further solidified our iconic role in China s sports 
We Excel through Effective Marketing 
During the year, we further integrated our prominent sponsorship resources, our renowned endorsement lineup as well as our innovative products to kick off a wide range of marketing campaigns. We rolled out impressive advertisements and in- store POPs to echo our featured products such as the brand new Four Mythical Creatures series, tailor-made to cater to the specific functional needs of basketball lovers. Moreover, our endorsed basketball stars and value-added products were put into the spotlight in the Basketball is My Life marketing campaign. In addition to our focus on the basketball market, we are also dedicated to capturing potential in the emerging women s sportswear market. China s Diving Queen Guo Jingjing and pop singer Jane Zhang have joined our endorsed tennis star Zheng Jie to promote our women s collections through our overarching Rhythmic Bloom in the Heart marketing campaign. We believe the increasing participation in sports among women will be a growth driver and will further contribute to the development of the 
We Innovate to Serve Both Athletes and 
Innovation is one of the keys to our success. We believe that our strong capacity for innovation will bring us greater differentiation and extend our leadership position in China s sportswear market.
Therefore, we are constantly striving to create innovative, quality value-added products featuring high-end technology and stylish designs for both athletes and consumers. During the year, we further upgraded the functionality of our A-Jelly technology, which we have applied to various footwear models so as to satisfy the specific needs of runners, making our A-Jelly running shoes one of our best-selling products. Furthermore, the ANTA-designed KG basketball shoes, which offer excellent shock absorption and protection, received a strong response from consumers. Owing to our consistent efforts in innovation, we have been named one of China s 25 Most Innovative Companies 2011 by Fortune magazine (Chinese Edition) and the top seller of travel and sports shoes in China, in terms of market share, for the 10th consecutive 
We Foster the Overall Efficiency of Our 
Effective network management is one of our key commitments.
Despite the persistence of inventory problems and deep discounting in China s sportswear market, our distribution channels remained relatively stable and competitive during the year. We achieved this through sound planning and being ever- responsive to changes in the market. In view of uncertain market conditions, we proactively reviewed our strategic ordering and store expansion plans in advance to avoid overexpansion and excess inventory in our distribution channels. We adopted a more prudent policy in processing orders, and also made a slight adjustment in the number of ANTA stores openings during the year. Meanwhile, we launched our 6th generation store standard and sped up the refurbishment and consolidation of stores. We believe that the enhancement of store quality will not only help to drive in-store traffic and sales, but will also help our distributors and franchisees stay competitive amid the challenging 
We Work Prudently to Cope with the 
Looking ahead, the domestic retail market and consumer sentiment will continue to be affected by the moderation of China s economic growth. Sportswear brands and their retail partners are also facing pressure from high operating costs, as well as intense competition due to excessive inventory and deeper discounting in the distribution channels. All of these factors make the macroeconomic landscape and sportswear industry in China more challenging. Though we and our distribution channels are generally stable, we will be more prudent when reviewing our store expansion plans so as to control inventory levels more effectively. We will adopt a more flexible arrangement for ordering new collections and replenishing orders so as to respond to any market changes in a timely manner. Moreover, the overall quality and operational efficiency of our distribution channels will be further enhanced through accelerated efforts in the refurbishment and consolidation of stores.
More importantly, stronger brand equity and product differentiation will make our products more desirable to consumers, which would in turn make our distributors and franchisees more confident in the Group. Riding on the London Olympics, we will provide the best quality winning outfit for the CSD and roll out our Olympics-related marketing initiative by leveraging our comprehensive sports, R&D and design resources. In addition, despite challenges ahead, we believe that government policies that support urbanisation, sports promotion and wage increases will continue to create highly promising opportunities in China s sportswear market. We will consistently put our competitive advantages into full play in order to tap market potential, and will strive to take effective actions and measures to ensure the steady development of both the Group, our supply chain partners, distributors and franchisees, as well as to create value for our stakeholders over the long run.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders for their steadfast support and to all of our staff for their unmatched dedication to making valuable contributions to the industrial and social development of the 
To become the top national sportswear brand in China in terms of both brand desirability and market share, and to be respected by others as well as to develop into a sustainable world-class 
Hong Kong, 20 February 2012 
