The year 2009 was a period of recovery from one of the most traumatic times in business history. Although we have seen improvements; uncertainty in the markets, extremely high levels of unemployment and battered consumer confidence remain key concerns of most enterprises, large and small. The damage to the global economy was extensive and recovery will take time. During this period, we continued to focus on building a stronger and more competitive enterprise.

On behalf of our global management team, I hereby present to you the operating results of Foxconn International Holdings Limited ( FIH ) for the financial year ended 31 December 2009.

Revenue for the year reached US$7,214 million, which represents a decrease of US$2,057 million, or 22.19% over the prior year revenue of US$9,271 million. Net profit for the year was US$39 million, which represents a decrease of 67.77% over the prior year amount of US$121 million. Basic earnings per share for the year was US0.55 cents.

In 2009, we continued to execute a number of major restructuring programs, which commenced in the latter part of 2008 to adjust the scale of operations to the appropriate business level. We have further modified our global manufacturing footprint by disposing of our Yantai facilities and have also reduced our work forces and disposed of assets in several other manufacturing sites. We believe that we have completed most of the necessary restructuring efforts, however due to the dynamic nature of our business, we remain attentive to our scale of operations.

Recent economic uncertainty has created an environment of extreme price pressures that has impacted all suppliers in the handset food chain. This intensely competitive landscape, despite our efforts of cost control and cost optimization in every area of our business, has impacted the profitability of FIH. Your management team will continue its pursuit of operating profit and we hope that FIH s operating profit level will soon be more commensurate with management s efforts.

Looking ahead to 2010, we remain cautious but are optimistic. Although the global economy and the handset industry remain challenging, the increasing demand in the smart phone segment is very encouraging and positive for FIH. This growing trend gives creditability to our extensive investment in smart phone engineering and software development resources. Our product development capabilities in this area will be critical and attractive to our current partners, and will be instrumental in their decision to award business to FIH. Moreover, the marketing of this core competence will also support our efforts to increase and diversify our customer base.

CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Foxconn International Holdings Limited 
Another positive development results from the ongoing convergence of the 3C industries (computer, communication and consumer electronics). Our continued investment in engineering talent enables FIH to complement and supplement our strategic partners in developing a broader range of products than the typical handset or smart phone. Our engineering capabilities, one-stop shopping model, and cost efficient supply chain are valuable assets that enable us to compete in any environment.

On behalf of the management team, I would like to take this opportunity to express our gratitude to those who have supported and encouraged us in 2009, despite a most difficult environment, including but not limited to all members of the Board for their valuable input and critical analysis, all employees for their hard work, and the families of the employees for their patience and sacrifices.

FIH is fortunate to partner with the top-tier customers of the world. We remain thankful for our customers long term support and we remain motivated to serve them in the best possible way. We would also like to thank our shareholders for their continued confidence in management. We are committed to do our utmost in maximizing the value of FIH.

With best regards, 
