Your Foxconn International Holdings Limited ( FIH ) continues to make significant progress in 2007.
We have broadened our customer base to serve the top 5 mobile device providers in the world, with a combined world market share of approximately 80%. A more diversified customer base coupled with a stronger and deeper relationship with our customers have enabled FIH to better cushion the impact where one customer experienced market difficulties due to factors such as organizational and portfolio transitions. Our diversification efforts continue since we believe that FIH s significant business scale offers much intrinsic advantages that will set us apart from our competitors, especially when we enter a period of global economic uncertainty.

On behalf of our global management team, it is my pleasure to present to you the operating results of FIH for the financial year ended 31 December 2007.

Revenue for the year reached US$10,732 million, which represents an increase of US$351 million, or 3.38% over the prior year revenue of US$10,381 million. Net profit for the year was US$725 million, representing an increase of 0.97% over the prior year amount of US$718 million. Basic earnings per share for the year were US10.27 cents.

In 2007, we witnessed the strong momentum of the handset industry with FIH as a major player and the leader. With continued growth and opportunities in this industry, we also see increased competition. Players that previously focused exclusively in the PC or consumer electronics industries have expanded their coverage to the handset industry due to the convergence of these three industries. Despite the intensifying competition and the increased pricing pressure, we are proud to have achieved record setting revenues 
Our strategy of vertical integration and the one-stop shopping model have been well received by our customers, especially in time of uncertainty. This strategy has been instrumental to FIH in growing our customer base and providing our customers with a cost-effective way of managing a complex supply chain.
Further proof of the success in our strategy is evidenced by the many mergers and consolidations that have taken place in order to duplicate this winning formula. Our pursuit of broader and deeper vertical integration remains a high priority, and we have reorganised internally to ensure that we have the best resources and appropriate infrastructure to support this objective. Where necessary, we have acquired or invested in other entities to strengthen our capabilities. Our investment in a Korea-based technology company, with key intellectual property, enables us to integrate additional components such as mid-to-high- end hinge mechanisms, metal decoration, and vibration motors, in addition to providing a presence in Korea to serve the Korea-based customers. Our investment in a Taiwan-based technology company enhances our metal surface treatment capabilities. Our internal undertakings plus our external investments have ensured that FIH maintains its dominant position and will be years ahead of our competitors in vertical integration 
FOXCONN INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Intellectual property, including know-how and business secrets, are key assets to any enterprise, especially within a competitive environment. I have a responsibility to the FIH shareholders to protect FIH s intellectual property, and as for our valued customers, I need to demonstrate to them the FIH top management s commitment to protect and to prevent infringement of any intellectual property and confidential information belonging to FIH. For these reasons, I will continue to take whatever actions necessary, including both criminal and civil proceedings, against any party to fulfill my responsibilities to FIH s shareholders and 
In 2007, we maintained our focus on operational excellence for all of our sites. Due to the dynamic and fast changing marketing landscape, we are constantly monitoring and making necessary adjustments to our global resources. As the result, during 2007, we had divested our Michigan operation to streamline our global operations. Our speed and flexibility in realigning our global resources according to strategic partners needs is another example of our operational excellence. Due to increasing labor costs in certain locations, automation and search for more efficient manufacturing techniques become more critical.
Moreover, efficiency and productivity are more essential than ever when faced with rapid and frequent currency fluctuations, making hedging activities more risky and difficult.

It is important to note that the term outsourcing has taken on broader coverage. It is abundantly clear that significantly more engineering, including both hardware and software, activities are being outsourced.
FIH has actively responded towards this market direction. We have dramatically increased our engineering headcount in all disciplines, but particularly in the product developing teams in Taiwan, Korea and Mainland China. We established a state-of-the-art testing laboratory in Beijing that became operational in the latter part of 2007. We also established an expansive software center in Nanjing offering varying programming capabilities. These expenditures do not provide immediate returns, but are necessary to ensure that FIH has the talent to cope with the technology advances and the engineering demands of our customers. We are confident these investments will provide a good return to our shareholders.

Looking ahead, there are tremendous opportunities in 2008. Where there are opportunities, there are challenges such as increased competition from new players, global macro environment, uncertainty stemming from the U.S. sub-prime crisis, management of additional new sites, stringent environmental requirements, and accommodating additional demands of customers. Our experienced management team supplemented by additions of new talents will relentlessly drive for continuous improvement for a successful 
On behalf of the management team, I would like to take this opportunity to express our gratitude to those who have made our success in 2007 possible, despite a challenging environment, including but not limited to all members of the FIH board of directors for their valuable input and critical analysis, all employees for their hard work, and the families of the employees for their patience and sacrifices.

Annual Report 2007 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT FIH is fortunate to be partners with the top-tier customers in the world. We are thankful for their support and we are motivated to continue to serve them in the best possible way. We would also like to thank our shareholders for their continued confidence in management. We are committed as ever to do our utmost in maximizing the value of FIH.

With best regards, 
