Annual Report 2004 
Chairman s Statement It is, indeed, an honor and privilege to present to all of our valued shareholders our first Chairman s Statement as a public company listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ). May I take this opportunity to express our appreciation to all who have contributed to Foxconn International Holdings Limited s ( FIH ) successful listing.
On behalf of the management team and the employees of FIH, a warm welcome to all new shareholders. You have made all this possible.
We are also grateful for the guidance we received from both our independent non-executive directors, as well as our nonexecutive 
For Mr. Terry Gou, Chairman of Hon Hai Precision Industry Company Limited, our major shareholder, your wisdom and your words of encouragement are priceless. We thank you.
It is our pleasure to present to you the operating results of FIH for the financial year ended 31 December 2004.
We are pleased to inform you that 2004 was another record-setting year. Revenue for the year reached US$3,308.27 million, representing an increase of US$2,217.65 million, or 203.33% over the prior year revenue of US$1,090.62 million.
Net profit also reached a record high at US$181.32 million, representing an increase of 78.47% over the prior year amount of US$101.60 million.
Various factors and conditions contributed to these historic performance levels. The factors which deserve specific mention include: the strengthening of our partnership with key customers; the expansion of our globalisation strategy in Europe and the Americas enabling us to capitalize on additional opportunities; and the extraordinary efforts and commitment of our entire 
We will continue to deploy the strategies that have contributed to our success. We will also continue to strengthen and extend the end-to-end solution, as well as focus on our competitiveness in the market place. Vertical integration and cost competitiveness are both trademarks of FIH s uniqueness, which our customers deem critical in their selection of a strategic 
The consumerisation trend of handset products presents enormous business opportunities. Our strong mechanical capabilities enhance the speed of new product development for our customers. Our global footprint shortens the time-to-market and timeto-volume for our customers. For these reasons, we are excited for FIH s future.
Although we had a remarkable year, and despite our optimistic outlook, we are always mindful of the dynamic and competitive market place. The awareness of this tough environment strongly influences the entire management team in continuing their drive for operational excellence. We believe that our relentless focus on efficiency and productivity puts FIH in an excellent position to achieve our mission of being the most competitive handset manufacturing service provider in the world, and thus, maximize the value for our shareholders.

