Thanks to the great work from our dedicated management team and employees, we successfully delivered a financial performance recovery in 2013 amid a challenging environment. I submit the Group has now come out of the turnaround period and entered into a stage of transformation that will make us stronger and better in the 
I am pleased to report that, in 2013, several key breakthroughs were made to enhance the Group s capabilities and competitive edge. With continuous review and reform on our team structure, we now have a leaner organisation with higher efficiency. Our better control of operating costs now enables us to respond to challenges in a dynamic market. We also kept introducing more automation into our operations that further enhanced our productivity and competitiveness, while coping with the rising labour cost in China. Looking at current global smartphone markets now, we are blessed by the right decision we made 18 months ago to focus on Chinese local customers, who have been enjoying significant market growth in recent years. Our customer base diversification into the growing segments has helped and should help us weather better market uncertainties in 2013 and 
With all these efforts, the Group is now in a good position to propel itself into the next level in 2014. The following strategic directions have been set to drive for our further advancement.

First of all, we will aggressively explore opportunities in the emerging markets. In addition to our good progress in China, we are engaging in new businesses in Indonesia, India, Africa, etc. by cooperating with existing and new customers. It is our belief that these markets will witness the next wave of surging smartphone demand in the next 3 to 5 years and we should prepare ourselves well for it.

Secondly, we are actively expanding into other new product categories. Smart handset accessories, App- cessories , or wearable devices are exciting areas that we consider with great potential. We believe that, by leveraging off our core competency in building hand-held wireless devices, the Group should be able to tap into these business potentials associated with upcoming waves of new products. We will constantly invest in special solutions and advanced technology, while incubating and facilitating product innovations from in-house and 
Thirdly, we are building our capabilities into other parts of the industry value chain. We aim to better serve our strategic customers by not only offering hardware, integrated design and manufacturing, software development and supply chain management services, but also broadening our scope of end-to-end service platform to other parts of the value chain. New initiatives have been started to look into providing after-sales services, value-added distribution and other hardware-software-integrated product and services offerings. More innovations will emerge as we look further into different new business models that will bring us greater profitability and prosperity in the 
Last but not least, I would like to thank our shareholders and customers for the trust and confidence in the Group and its management team, as well as over 63,000 employees across 9 different jurisdictions for their contribution and commitment. With your continuing support, we are confident to deliver greater successes in 2014 and the years to come.

With best regards, 
