The global crisis that created significant turmoil in the financial and commercial markets may be officially over, but its impact still lingers as demonstrated by factors such as high levels of unemployment, an extraordinary number of cases of home foreclosures, and limited capital expenditures. New players have disrupted the wireless handset market by redefining the mobile device through new operating systems as well as innovative ecosystems. As a result, in many markets smart phones have grown quickly from a niche product to an industry mainstream product. These market disruptions have severely impacted our customers which in turn has affected Foxconn International Holdings Limited (the Company ).

On behalf of our global management team, I hereby present to you the operating results of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2010.

Revenue for the year reached US$6,626 million, which represents a decrease of US$588 million, or 8.2% less than the prior year revenue of US$7,214 million. Net loss for the year attributable to equity holders of the Company was US$218 million, which represents a decline of 659% over the profit for prior year amount of US$39 million. Basic loss per share for the year 2010 was US3.06 cents.

In 2010, we continued to fine tune our capacity to align with market demand. We expanded our operations in Langfang, while reducing the volume produced in higher cost locations. In addition, we launched a global initiative to review our scale of utilization and to determine whether our fixed assets are deployed effectively and productively. As a result, where appropriate, we established action plans, and began negotiations to either dispose of assets or transfer assets to affiliated companies. In the short term, the relocation of businesses and disposal or revaluation of assets generates asset impairments that directly impact profitability.
However, in the long term, we believe these actions will help us to achieve higher profitability by putting us in a better position to capture new business opportunities.

During the recent economic turmoil, numerous other companies in our industry drastically cut back on R&D and product development expenses to achieve short term gains in profitability. Despite impacts on our current profitability, we fortified our engineering and product development capabilities by continuing to invest in R&D. I believe our large investments in R&D, especially with regards to smart phones, position us well to capture the explosive growth of new opportunities in the wireless handset market and to achieve 
FOXCONN INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED 
Chairman s statement It is well recognized that market positions in the wireless handset market are fragile and rapidly change as a result of short product life cycles. Therefore, a key strategy for 2010 was to expand our customer base.
As we enter into 2011, we will have a broader and more diversified customer base. I am pleased that the Company is serving many of the best customers in the world.

Several factors challenged our business in 2010 and disappointing financial results have created a deep sense of urgency for the management team and across the Company. We have taken drastic measures to better cope with market dynamics and barring any extraordinary event, I believe we are well positioned to return to profitability in 2011.

On behalf of the management team, I would like to take to express our gratitude to those who have supported and encouraged us in 2010, despite a difficult and challenging environment, including but not limited to: the members of the board of directors of the Company for their valuable input and critical analysis; our employees for their hard work; and the families of our employees for their patience and sacrifices.

The Company is fortunate to partner with the top-tier customers of the world. We are thankful for our customers long term support and remain motivated to serve them in the best possible way. We would also like to thank our shareholders for their continued confidence in management. We are committed to do our utmost to maximize the value of the Company.

With best regards, 
