It is my pleasure to report to you on the Group s 2015 outstanding performance. Continuing the strong momentum of 2014, we were able to achieve very good results amid market volatilities in 2015 and pushed ahead with the strategic plan for the transformation of the Group.

Through tighter expenses control and better operation leverage, we managed to grow our operating profit and net profit to US$310 million (6% year-on-year growth) and US$229 million (35% year-on-year growth), respectively. With a more diversified customer base, we were able to overcome some challenges and delivered US$7,451 million sales revenue (9% year-on-year growth).

The Group managed to expand its foundation for success by further tapping into the leading smart phone customer base. We have added a number of mobile phone market share winners in our customer portfolio and expect to drive significant business growth through our partnerships with them. Our metal casing capabilities, bundled with our system- level design expertise and the Foxconn Group s strong component support, have always generated strong customer interest and demand. Hence we currently have been serving 6 out of the top 10 smart phone leaders in the world, as well as some of the rising brands.

Looking for the next market of opportunities, we kick-started our emerging market efforts from 2013. As China smart phone sales reaching the maturity stage, India is notably the next significant single market with smart phone shipment exceeding one hundred million sets in 2015. Our local team was able to re-activate our assembly operation in a few months time during the second half of the year and enabled millions of phone shipment by year end to support the Indian Government s Make-in-India policy. It was also well received by our customers and hence we have been planning further expansion of our capacity there.

While selectively deploying more resources in production capacity, we continued to invest in services and mobile internet players as part of our core strategy. In Taiwan, China, India and US, we have actively invested engineering, manufacturing and financial resources into up-and-coming companies that could lead the next business model and technology changes. The US$200 million investment in India s leading e-commerce platform snapdeal.com is one of such examples. We believe that there is a wave of services and technology innovation in mobile internet field that would require our hardware and technical support. Lack of the legacy infrastructure, emerging market players could prove to leap-frog some of their peers in the developed countries in years to come. We want to play an important role in such a wave and help fuel innovations through such cooperation and partnerships.

Looking ahead, the smart phone industry remains highly unpredictable and volatile. We need to keep on tight control of our operations and continue to execute well in order to sail through the troubled waters in 2016. While there will be challenges, we believe that there will also be opportunities for the Group to embark on the next cycle of advancement. I would like to thank all our shareholders and employees for all their kind encouragement and hard work in 2015 and look forward to receiving the continuous support in the year to come.

With best regards, 
