The year 2008 will be long remembered for the successes of the Beijing Olympics and a certain Olympian winning a record breaking 8 gold medals. The year will also be remembered for the credit crisis and spending excesses that have literally destroyed famous business institutions and shaken the confidence of consumers around the world. As with many other industries, the handset industry was impacted, and Foxconn International Holdings Limited ( FIH ) was not immune to this economic uncertainty. The year 2008 was a difficult year.

On behalf of our global management team, I present to you the operating results of FIH for the financial year ended 31 December 2008.

Revenue for the year reached US$9,271 million, which represents a decrease of US$1,461 million, or 13.61% over the prior year revenue of US$10,732 million. Net profit for the year was US$121 million, representing a decrease of 83.22% over the prior year amount of US$725million. Basic earnings per share for the year were US1.72 cents.

Your management team is not pleased with the operating results. Once the sudden and dramatic drop in global consumption was realized, we immediately performed a thorough global business review and have taken all necessary actions to adjust our scale to the appropriate business level. Commencing from the third quarter of 2008 and in a significant manner, we have restructured our global manufacturing footprint, rationalized the size of our work force and stop capital expenditures where appropriate to ensure that we remain lean and competitive to our strategic partners.

Our pursuit of operating profit remains a key focus. Relocation of portions of operations to new manufacturing sites in China and India is soon to be completed with major cost savings to materialize. Efforts in automation and technology improvements in areas such as surface treatment decoration will also bear fruit in 2009.
Integration of newly acquired engineering resources has been completed coupled with the economies of scale will enable us to engage in new business opportunities, as well as generating more efficiency and productivity to the newly established platform approach. We continue to emphasize cost controls in every area of our business. There are ample opportunities for FIH to improve our business, and we will continue to stress cost containment and expense reduction in 2009.

In addition to driving operational excellence for better bottom line results, top line growth and continued positive customer relationship is a high priority item on our agenda list. We have made progress in our diversification efforts. Our customer base has expanded beyond the top 5 mobile device providers in the world. This is critical to FIH, especially in these uncertain times, to better cushion the potential of market swings of the various product offerings.

Foxconn International Holdings Limited Annual Report 2008 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT In today s market place, the most common statement heard is lack of visibility. Moreover, the forecasted slower-growth of the handset industry, along with the current economic climate, has prompted all major players to revisit their various business strategies and tactics. We believe there will be major changes for 2009 and beyond. We are seeing a common theme of increased demands, as well as more experienced demands, for engineering and product development resources. However, there appears to be varying approaches for manufacturing outsourcing. Some players have decided to increase their internal manufacturing due to excess capacity available; others have decided to outsource even more so based on belief that higher returns can be generated on non-manufacturing investments.

We, too, have revisited our business strategies. Our strategy of vertical integration and the one-stop shopping model continue to impress potential customers and have been instrumental in their decision to awarding business to FIH. As such, this remains the core of our value proposition. We will continue to enhance and broaden this concept where and whenever possible. Streamlining supply chains and offering competitive cost structures are particularly attractive to our partners are critical to their success particularly in a tough environment. It is our total dedication to vertical integration that allows our Company to outdistance our competition.

For 2009, we expect the global economy and the handset industry to remain challenging. Speedy product development, timely and flexible volume ramp, expanded and more experienced engineering resources, and efficient global operations remain our key commitment to our customers. Our experienced management team will continue with its best efforts for a successful 2009.

On behalf of the management team, I would like to take this opportunity to express our gratitude to those who have supported and encouraged us in 2008, despite a most difficult environment, including but not limited to all members of the Board for their valuable input and critical analysis; all employees for their hard work; and the families of the employees for their patience and sacrifices.

FIH is fortunate to be partners with our customer base. We are thankful for their support and we are motivated to continue to serve them in the best way possible. We would also like to thank our shareholders for their continued confidence in management. We are committed as ever to do out utmost in maximizing the value of FIH.

With best regards, 
