It was a challenging year for many players in the handset industry in 2012. Economic uncertainties coupled with the competitive landscape changes of the industry further increased our operational hurdles. Another wave of customer product portfolio adjustments took place and created impact to our business. We also had to restructure our global capacities to cope with these dramatic changes. Despite our continuous efforts in costs rationalisation and new business development, we still saw our 2012 results turned out less than satisfactory.
Revenue for the year 2012 was US$5,240 million, which represents a change of US$1,114 million, or 17.5% decrease, when compared with the prior year s revenue of US$6,354 million. Loss for the year 2012 attributable to owners of the Company was US$316 million, when compared with the profit for the prior year of US$73 million. Basic loss per share for the year 2012 was US4.33 cents.
In the year of 2012, we saw two major trends. Firstly, a fast-growing smart phone segment with a penetration rate beyond earlier market expectations. This was due to more players entering into the mass market to enable the sales of lots of Android-based phones. Instead of the much anticipated 19% of total market penetration, we saw smart phone shipment hit 680.1 million sets, which represented 38.9% of global shipment in 2012 according to Gartner Market Statistics. This, in turn, created impact to average selling price of smart phones and the content pricing of the outsourced business.
Secondly, we saw continuous industry profit concentration onto the leading brands. Several low-cost brand players ran into difficult conditions. It also created ever-tougher price competition in the handset manufacturing market.
To differentiate from our competitors, our end-to-end handset manufacturing services solutions, which have long been appreciated by our customers, were critical in winning businesses in such a difficult market environment.
With such a backdrop, we had taken actions to control our operating expenses and optimised our cost structure.
Several right-sizing moves were taken in the sites where we saw less business volumes. We had reviewed and consolidated our organisation to save direct and indirect labour costs, while introducing more automation to our operations. New customer development efforts were deployed to balance the impact of business weakness in some areas. Nevertheless, our improvement move was not speedy enough to mitigate all challenges in our 
We were aware of these impacts and had taken all necessary actions to improve our situation. We did see signs of improvement from these turn-around actions since the second half of 2012. We need to execute all necessary actions to bring the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ) back to a sustainable long-term 
As the new Chairman of the Group from 1 January 2013, I am grateful for the trust and confidence from the other members of the board of directors (the Board ) and shareholders of the Company. I am also appreciative of the continuous support from my fellow management team. Working closely with our CEO, Mr. Calvin Chih, I am confident we have the right talents to lead the Group back to a competitive position.
Last but not least, I am thankful to Mr. Samuel Chin, my predecessor, for his great contribution and dedication to the Group. Mr. Chin was a major driving force for our success in the past and has been my personal mentor and friend. I wish him very best in his future pursuits.
With best regards, 
