It is my pleasure to report to you on the Group s 2014 outstanding performance. As I indicated in last year s annual report, the Group would be entering into a new phase of growth through various hard work that our management team and our colleagues put in. Indeed we have seen all such efforts coming into fruition in the year of 2014.
Our sales revenue increased by about 37% and net profit was more than doubled, year-on-year. Customer base was further diversified that we saw a good balance of business coming from international and Chinese customers. Our services revenue and other emerging markets business started to roll out. Overall, I believe the Group is on track for more healthy and sustainable growth.
2014 also marked a year of Chinese cell phone brands rising into the global leading pack. Key Chinese brands are among world-wide top 10 cell phone ranks, thanks to their success in China home market. Our efforts in working with our Chinese customers were essential to their scale-up expansions. Our supply chain management competitiveness enabled their sky-rocketed volume hype. We believe now we are well positioned, with the strategic partnerships formed with customers in China, to continue driving the growth into 2015.
International customers contributed to our good performance in 2014 as well. Our teams helped design and manufactured several top-selling models for these customers. We believe, in selected markets, such momentum will go on to provide good business flows to the Group.
To enhance the current end-to-end services offered to our customers, we invested in repair and trade-in businesses.
This not only fulfills our obligations as an environmental-friendly corporate organisation but also leads us into a new business domain. We have kicked off such activities in North America and China and will keep driving these initiatives.
Looking forward, I expect another exciting year ahead of us. Design differentiation demands handset brands to go into metal casing and other materials that give the Group natural advantages. Our capabilities and capacity in handling complicated metallic mechanical parts position ourselves well in the next waves of product and market trends.
We will continue our endeavours for the Group s successful transformation. Expanding from hardware design, manufacturing and supply chain management to more value-added activities in the mobile devices ecosystem will enable the Group to become an indispensable player in this field. We will work towards greater diversification of customer base into emerging markets and into mobile Internet services. We will also continue to explore and materialise good investment opportunities, particularly those arising in emerging markets. The next phase of the Group s further expansion has been laid upon solid foundation and the management team will drive relentlessly our consolidated efforts towards a greater future for the Group and its shareholders as a whole.
Many thanks to the customers , shareholders and the board of directors support to the management team in the past year. We aim to continue to execute well and deliver even better results in the years to come.
Finally, I would like to express my gratitude to our employees and their families. These support and encouragement are essential to the Group s continuous success.
With best regards, 
