CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
The first half of 2016 was very challenging for the Group. Coupled with the financial turmoil of China and global
economic uncertainties in early 2016, the customer transition and disengagement resulted from the change in
customers’ outsourcing strategies and market share reshuffle in the highly competitive handset market led to
dramatic decline in sales to some major customers and created negative impact to our business.
We were blessed by the right decision made in previous years to devote resources to the growing segments and
focus on Chinese customers who have exhibited significant market growth in recent years. There has been a
noticeable slowdown in smart phone shipments with China showing a more mature growth pattern. Our efforts in
working with our Chinese customers were essential to their scale-up expansions and our supply chain management
competitiveness enabled their sky-rocketed volume hype. Chinese brands have emerged and now three Chinese
brands ranked within the top five worldwide smart phone vendors.
Since 2015, given the Group’s leading industry experience in managing Indian operations and broad service
offerings that cover almost every part of the value chain, the Group has been expanding its local manufacturing
service and component supply chain support in India to benefit from the Indian Government’s “Make-in-India”
initiatives, and can address both the domestic Indian market and export demands and has helped certain Chinese
customers to develop business and grab more market shares in India. We expect the Indian manufacturing business
will continue to see healthy growth in 2017.
With the subsequent stabilisation of global and Chinese economy in the second quarter of 2016, we saw business
improvement generated from these initiatives and sales in the second half of 2016 witnessed growth. With more
gross margin generated from increase of sales in the second half of 2016 and the increase of other income (including
foreign exchange gain), the Group’s net profit improved in the second half of 2016.
As a whole, revenue for the year 2016 was US$6,233 million, which represents a decrease of US$1,218 million or
16.3%, when compared with the prior year’s revenue of US$7,451 million. Profit for the year 2016 attributable to
owners of the Company was US$138 million, when compared with that for the prior year of US$229 million. Basic
earnings per share for the year 2016 were US1.77 cents.
In November 2016, the Group completed an important acquisition deal with Microsoft Mobile Oy and acquired its
Vietnam facility and certain other assets utilised in the conduct of its feature phone business, and also, in December
2016, the Group’s collaboration with Nokia Technologies Ltd. (“Nokia“) and HMD global Oy (“HMD“) was officially
implemented with a view to building a globally successful business in the field of Nokia-branded mobile phones and
tablets.
Price erosion pressure and competition from peers are always in the handset manufacturing market. To differentiate
from our competitors, our end-to-end handset manufacturing services solutions, which have long been appreciated
by our customers, were critical in winning businesses in such challenging market environment. We had taken actions
to remain lean but agile and control our manufacturing and operating expenses and rationalised our cost structure
which enabled us to respond to challenges in a dynamic market. We committed to dedicate resources on
automation into our operations to enhance our productivity and yield and competitiveness. High-end smart phones
continued to pursue appealing industrial designs with disruptive features as their selling points, while mid to lowend
smart phones tended to adopt high specifications but with a more affordable price. These customer
requirements posed opportunities and challenges to us. With commitment to dedicate resources to our R&D
(research and development) and manufacturing capabilities, we demonstrated proven competency to develop
differentiated and customised solutions for the customers and gives the Group natural advantages. New customer
development efforts will continue and we believe we are well positioned, coupled with the strategic partnerships
with Chinese customers, to continue driving the growth into 2017.
Looking ahead, the slowdown of China’s economy will undoubtedly contribute to a bumpier financial environment,
but it is still anticipated to be the largest contributor to global growth as its economy transits to higher value adding
manufacturing services and becomes more consumer-driven. The Group has to make continuous improvement and
remain competitive. We aim to better serve our strategic customers by not only offering hardware, integrated design
and manufacturing, software development and supply chain management services, but also broadening our scope
of end-to-end service platform to other parts of the value chain like after-sales services and fulfilling our obligations
as an environmental-friendly corporate organisation.
Amid the downturn of economy and business in the first half of 2016, the Group’s entire staff have performed their
roles vigilantly and worked diligently and strived hard to meet the headwinds during bad times and minimised the
negative impacts to the Group. For this, I would like to extend my gratitude to the management and all staff. Many
thanks to the customers’, shareholders’, business partners’ and the board of directors’ support to the management
team in the past year. We aim to continue to execute well and deliver even better results in the years to come.
With best regards,
CHIH Yu Yang
Acting Chairman
Hong Kong, 9 March 2017