Although we may be in the recovery phase of the recent global financial crisis, economic concerns including high unemployment and sovereign debt continue to impact the recovery process. In addition, the wireless handset market continues to be both challenging and dynamic with new players with unique operating systems and innovative ecosystems taking market share from our traditional leading handset brand customers. However, despite such economic and market concerns, as a result of our cost optimization efforts, focus on efficiency, and investments in R&D capability, during 2011, Foxconn International Holdings Limited ( FIH or the Company ) strengthened partnerships with existing customers, developed meaningful alliances with new players and returned to profitability.

In 2011, we began to see benefits from our re-structuring efforts, which included moving to lower cost operating locations; fine-tuning our capacity; increasing productivity and efficiency via automation, and carefully monitoring spending. In addition, during 2011, we served a broader and more diversified customer base, minimizing the impact any one customer may have on our business. We are pleased that FIH is serving more of the best customers in the world.

Revenue for the year ended 31 December 2011 reached US$6,354 million, which represents a decrease of US$272 million, or 4.1% less than the prior year s revenue of US$6,626 million. Net gain for the year ended 31 December 2011 attributable to equity holders of the Company was US$73 million, which represents an increase of 133.5% over the loss for the prior year s amount of US$218 million. Basic earnings per share for 2011 was US1.01 cents.

It is significant to note that we achieved these results against the backdrop of higher commodity costs, higher labor costs and a difficult global economy. We are mindful that the same challenges still exist and that other challenges will arise, but are confident that our unique business model, which continues to leverage our end-to-end strategy, puts us in a strong position to both capture business growth opportunities and cope with market dynamics.

We believe that in the coming years, success in our industry will be defined by strong core competencies in automation technology and product development engineering capabilities. In the competitive landscape of the wireless handset market, cost competitiveness will continue to be a key factor in securing business opportunities. We believe that due to increased labor costs and shortages of labor experienced by all, automation will play a key role in our industry. As such, automation has become a priority focus for management. Our goal is to have automation technology because a core competency that distinguishes FIH as the dominant handset manufacturing service provider in the world.

FOXCONN INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED 
Chairman s statement In addition, we have observed that rapid changes in technology coupled with the drive for profitability have created an environment where many companies require outsourced engineering talent. Our continued investment, even during difficult times, in our R&D and product development engineering capabilities has enabled us to capture many of these business opportunities. We are pleased with our leadership position in the core competencies of automation technology and product development engineering capabilities, and will continue to invest in order to maintain our competitive edge.

The market definition of smart handheld devices is expanding to include other handheld computing devices including tablet devices. We will increase our investment focus on these other handheld computing devices, as necessary, in response to market and customer demands.

It has been an honor to have served as the CEO of FIH for the past eight plus years and I will cherish the experience. I have been blessed to be a part of and to have contributed to the growth of FIH. It truly has been an incredible journey. I am delighted to welcome Mr. Cheng Tien Chong, a business veteran with many years of experience in the computing and mobile industries as the new CEO of FIH, and I have huge optimism for the future of FIH.

On behalf of the management team, I would like to express our gratitude to those who have supported and encouraged us in 2011 including but not limited to: the members of the board for their valuable input and critical analysis; our employees for their hard work; and the families of our employees for their patience 
We are fortunate to partner with the top-tier customers of the world. We are thankful for our customers long-term support and remain motivated to serve them in the best possible way. We would also like to thank our shareholders for their continued confidence in management. We are committed to do our utmost to maximize the value of FIH.

With best regards, 
Chin Wai Leung, Samuel 
