Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of Zall Development Group Ltd. ( Zall Development or the Company ), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2015.
CONNECT THE WORLD, VISION THE fuTuRE 2015 was a year witnessed profound changes in China s market. China s economy entered into, of which the internet has comprehensively restructured China s business environment and physical commerce was subject to unprecedented impacts and challenges. With 2016 as the first year, the collaborative development of internet and big data, artificial intelligence, virtual reality and other cutting-edge technologies will create stronger and more radical influences and changes on the business sector in China. As business-organisational structure in human society is experiencing profound changes and intelligent internet era is around the corner, business world is under a gradual transition from assisting humans on convenient information matching and transaction with computers and internet, to voluntarily initiating and completing transactions with intelligent internet nodes on the basis of big data.
This change of an era is often concomitant with significant opportunities, just like this round of internet tide giving rise to the ultra-large commercial organisation, such as Alibaba, Tencent and JD.com. With further extensive and deep-going spread of internet and new technologies and new application models in the internet- related fields, it will continue to lead China s enterprises to transform and upgrade, meanwhile, it will once again spawn a number of outstanding enterprises that have solid foundation of entity industry and realize qualitative change and leap through the combination of internet + and advanced technologies.
As the global manufacturing centre as well as a giant in the internet industry, China enjoys exceptional advantages to become the world s commodities exchange centre. Zall Development Group Ltd. (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ) have been taking root on trading circulation area for years, and profoundly studying, judging and firmly grasping the trend and opportunity of internet development in recent years. Since mid-2015, we comprehensively embraced the internet, actively promoted the transformation and upgrade, and proposed the Zall Cloud Market program with wholesale + internet to create a global trading platform. It was a great honor that the program was highly recognized by Dr. Gang Yu, the founder of Yihaodian.com. Dr. Gang Yu first directly invested in the Group, and then was invited to serve as co-chairman of the board of directors of the Group, responsible for the structure and implementation of the Zall Cloud Market 
It is generally known that the Group has a relatively large-scale offline entity trading and logistics market, comprising over 20 specialized wholesale markets with more than 20,000 merchants. As the Group held the China Wholesale Market Annual Meeting and China North Hankou Trade Fair for recent successive years, it built and maintained good communication and cooperation with the main wholesale markets in different regions of China, including Yiwu, Guangzhou, Kunming, Chengdu, Xi an and Shenyang. The Group launched the Zall Cloud Market program, based on the properties, clients, logistics and data basis and advantages of the offline entity trading markets with North Hankou International Trade Centre, Tianjin Zall E-commerce Mall, Jingzhou Zall City, etc. as representation, to achieve full integration of various entity wholesale markets and e-commerce throughout the country, to reduce supply chain costs of China s wholesale segment, to improve operating efficiency, and to build China s largest integrated online and offline wholesale trading platform. Zall Cloud Market includes three online trading and service platforms, namely Zallgo, Zalljinfu and Zallfuhui, which serve online transactions of wholesale trading, financing support and smart logistics respectively to form a closed loop of big data integration services. By the end of February 2016, Zallgo s transaction amount exceeded RMB4.3 billion and registered business operators reached 9,654; Zalljinfu s total financing amounted to RMB1.1 billion and registered users reached 60,000; and Zallfuhui s service charges amounted to RMB180 million and registered users reached 12,000.
It is just the first step of the Group s transformation and upgrade that assisting online trading of China s offline wholesale markets and providing online trading, financing and logistics services. The Group has a place in transformation and upgrading mode of wholesale markets in China s market where e-commerce providers gather, owing to its unique offline basis. But if it just stopped there without forming Zall s unique transaction system, increasing customer s loyalty, thereby enhancing the Company s operating scale and profitability, nor fully jointing with latest technology and trend of internet development, it is bound to lag behind the market.
I have proposed the board of the directors to consider changing the Group s name from Zall Development Group to Zall Group , representing that the Group s traditional business, property development will be only a part of the principal businesses. The Group will develop a cloud market trading and service system combining online and offline business, on the basis of entity market, logistics and property and regarding Zall Cloud Market as an opportunity, and actively promote cross-border trading, customer-end business, integrated logistics, financial services, arrangement of intelligent payment hardware and system integration, to form the world s largest B2B trading platform and database for consumer goods.
0Zall Development0 business segment focuses on operating entity market and continues to develop, manage and operate offline market, logistics, storage and processing facilities, maintaining its leading position in the industry, whereas it will make prudent investment judgment and protect and enhance the offline advantages through alliances, joint venture, management output and collaboration.
0Zall Cloud Market0 business segment focuses on business-end operation and implements Zall Cloud Market plan. Zall Cloud Market devotes itself to building online markets for all the mainstream offline entity wholesale markets in China, so as to become China s largest B2B e-commerce platform.
0Zall Cross-border0 business segment focuses on cross-border trading and procurement business. With the business advantages of the world s leading cross-border e-commerce, Lightinthebox which just invested by the Group, by using the data, merchant and commodity advantages of Zallgo platform, it actively develops cross- border e-commerce business, which is to assist merchants of Zallgo to sell commodities to the global market through Lightinthebox, and to provide distribution services for overseas goods in the China s market through cooperation and establishment of new channels.
0Zall Cloud Commerce0 business segment focuses on customer-end operation. Based on the data of Zallgo and the advantages of direct procurement from offline market, it develops B2B2C business in the forms of new setup or merger and acquisition, building the commercial brands with complete online and offline integration such as Zalldaji SS>r'Y , www.whwgh.com , W*Qx and Zallselected SS>r*Qx .
0Zalljinfu0 business segment focuses on supply chain financial service business. It will make Zalljinfu and the guarantee company s team in the Zall Cloud Market independent and actively develop the supply chain financial services, becoming the Group s important profit growth points in due course.
0Zallzhilian0 business segment focuses on research and development, manufacture and application of smart logistics and payment hardware. Meanwhile, it established a payment system targeted at various trading scenes, and actively applies for the third-party payment license, providing Zall trading platform and ecosphere with payment and hardware support.
0Zallzhitong0 business segment focuses on smart logistics business. Based on the market advantages of online and offline trading, it creates Zalljisong SS system through building and hosting regional distribution centers and the use of logistics information of trading, to achieve smart logistics.
0Zallwulian0 business segment, we will conduct big data mining based on the platform trading to apply the internet of things technology to transformation and upgrading of supply chain and flexible production, and improve performance of production and circulation of the enterprises.
Chairman s Statement (Continued) 7 Zall Development Group Limited Annual Report 2015 From this, we can draw the outline of ecosphere and supply chain created on the basis of the trading system with integration of online and offline business of Zall: 
Zall Cloud Market 
Zall Cloud Commerce 
(Smart payment hardware and 
(Trading and e-commerce) (Smart logistics services) 
trading and services) (Supply chain financial services) (Cross-border trading services) 
Without doubt, the Group has consistently adhered to the prudent business philosophy. The existing offline property development and operation business also achieved good results in 2015: In 2015, net profit amounted to approximately RMB2,037.7 million for the year, representing an increase of 29.6% as compared with that of 2014. The first market of Tianjin Zall E-commerce Mall, Zall Haining Leather Mall SS>rwm[viW opened, becoming the largest fur specialized market in Northern China, which undertook the transfer of the old wholesale markets in Beijing and Tianjin. Ten malls, such as phase I of Jingzhou Zall City opened and Hotel Articles Mall, Brand Clothing Mall and Wanguo Selected Plaza were unveiled simultaneously. The phase II of Brand Clothing Mall of North Hankou opened, the supporting industrial park of North Hankou City was put into use, and the model of front store and back plant was established, which enhanced the market competitiveness of North Hankou.
In respect of offline business, we will pay more attention to quality management in 2016, focusing on improving the operation and service level, with an aim to assist the Company to achieve a substantial increase in rental and service revenue.
The business transformation aforementioned will be implemented in accordance with the Group s principles of prudent operation, of which Zall Development, Zalljinfu, Zallzhilian, Zallzhitong, Zall Cloud Commerce shall always guarantee profit. Zall Cloud Market, Zall Cross-border will break even in recent years, both making contribution for profits of Zall Group.
We believe that, traditional supply chain in western countries is established on OEM system connected to major brands and sales, while the supply chain in China is established on a supply chain relating to wholesale and distribution. The former one enjoys higher efficiency and the latter one shows greater flexibility. Supply chain in future can unprecedentedly integrate these two major advantages in one system, by standardization, separation of trading model and socialization, big data and intelligentization, production and trading can be arranged and switched with flexibility in different situations so that commodity trading, financial transaction and goods circulation can be separated and combined, through which a complete intelligent organization can be reached on demand discovery, demand aggregation, production capacity allocation, complement finance, logistics and distribution as well as service crowdsourcing, etc. The arrival of virtual reality and 5G generation will blur the Chairman s Statement (Continued) 8 Zall Development Group Limited Annual Report 2015 distinction between online and offline. 3D printing and Industry 4.0 will drive production to an extreme that a commercial and professional social network allows supplier and buyer connected to each other at any time and the artificial intelligence will discover and grasp opportunity for trading ahead to human being.
We strongly believe that, trading in future will become a crucial driving force to our demand and production.
Technological innovation on our trading platform will eventually bring an evolution in trading, which lead to an upsurge in the efficiency and frequency of commodity trading compared to nowadays, making commodity trading easier and cheaper.
It is always said that Google and Baidu built a network between text and hypertext, Facebook and Tencent established a network on socialization between human being and Amazon and Alibaba created a network for final step in commercial trading, the outlook of Zall is arranging a smart commercial trading system: Beginning with commodities circulation; link with logistics, finance, data, software and service; combine O2O s B2B, B2C and C2B and connect to the world to achieve a full intelligentization.
We are certainly standing on a starting point of a new era; thereby we can arrange our business and plan our future at a brand new height. I will lead the staff, together with members of the Board, based on the intelligent commercial trading ecosystem to build China s largest commodity trading platform, reduce transaction costs, assist growth of manufacturers as our duties, joint with cutting-edge technology, maintain innovation of business models, and lead the market and the future, so as to make Zall a market platform and a service organization that is trusted by customers and a great commercial undertaking that is widely respected.

Hong Kong, 31 March 2016 