Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of Zall Development Group Ltd. ( Zall Development or the Company ), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2014.
The GDP of China for 2014 grew by 7.4% when compared with the year 2013 and exceeded RMB63 trillion, implying a stable growing trend and complicated domestic and international circumstances. The growth of household consumption of China slowed down significantly due to the challenging domestic business environment as well as the soaring consumer prices and costs. It was a government policy of China to maintain the economic growth and to improve the living standards by expanding domestic demand through adjustment of the economic structure. In 2014, Chinese central government continued to stimulate domestic consumption market through tax arrangements and industry support policies with a view to making consumption one of the major driving forces of the economy during the year.
During the year under review, the Group s flagship project North Hankou International Trade Center (the North Hankou Project ) continuously invested in and successfully established multiple professional transaction markets, consolidating its leadership in Central China as the largest wholesale market for consumer products and hitting a record high of transactions in 2014. With the support of many favorable local and central government policies, North Hankou continued to improve the planning of logistics space and the construction of transport supporting facilities in the surrounding area. Specifically, the extension of Light Rail No.1 connecting the North Hankou Project and downtown Wuhan has commenced operation in May 2014. Thus, the Project has become one of the few large-scale modern commerce and logistics centers in China that are equipped with direct rail transit. Apart from actively developing the North Hankou Project, the Group also focuses on developing new projects to expand its business. Considerable progress has been made in developing the projects of Tianjin Zall E-commerce Mall and Jingzhou Zall City, both of which started pre-sale and full-fledge market promotion in 2014. The two projects will copy the successful operating model of the North Hankou Project to lay a solid foundation for the further business growth of the Group. In 2014, the Group also confirmed the positioning of Zall Asia Expo City Project in Kunming City, striving to have Kunming as a center to spread its commerce and logistics business to Southeast Asia and diversify the Group s income sources with multiple projects in 
In the meantime, the Company faces historical opportunity in developing and operating large-scale commerce centers.
Strategically, the Company is constructing or prepares to construct such centers in central cities of several major regions in China and the highly relevant warehousing and logistics as well as E-commerce and financial business will become the new strategic business for the Company s development. In addition, the Group has started its business restructuring in 2014 and will fully implement its restructuring plan and complete strategic transformation of business this year. Through transformation, the Group will spin-off its non-core business assets to concentrate its resources on the industries with core competitive advantage and excellent growth potential. The Group expects that, over the few years after transformation, the income from warehousing and logistics, E-commerce and financial services will constitute major components of total revenue, in addition to steady growth in the property sales income and rental income from commerce markets. The Group holds that this strategic transformation is in line with the current trend of industry development and in the interest of the Company s long-term development.
Looking into 2015, the adjustment and steady recovery of global economy and the continuous loosening credit policy of China are expected to boost steady consumption growth. The Group will fully implement its business restructuring plan to complete strategic transformation during the year. The Group is confident that it will continue to grasp the opportunities to expand its business by cooperating with customers to create a win-win situation and achieve better 
Lastly, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders, customers and investors for their support and trust; and to our directors, management and our staff for their contribution to the outstanding performance of the Group. The Group will pursue for a stronger, more rapid development with a view to maximizing the investment returns for its 
Hong Kong, 31 March 2015 