Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of Zall Development Group Ltd. ( Zall Development or the Company ), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2012.
China s economy picked up again since the last quarter in 2012 after it had been slowing down for seven consecutive quarters. The GDP for 2012 grew by 7.8% when compared with the year 2011 and exceeded RMB50 trillion. However, the growth rate was the lowest in 13 years. The growth of GDP and household consumption of China slowed down significantly due to the challenging business environment as well as the soaring consumer prices and costs. It was a government policy to maintain the economic growth and to improve the living standards by expanding domestic demand through adjustment of the economic structure.
During the second half of the year under review, China government boosted domestic consumption through tax arrangements and industry policies with a view of making domestic consumption one of the major driving force of economy. The transactions of North Hankou International Trade Center (the North Hankou Project ) hit a record high in the year 2012. North Hankou Project is the flagship project of the Group and is the largest wholesale market in Central China focusing on consumer products.
With the support of local and central government policies, the Company further improved the logistics facilities and traffic connection of North Hankou Project to develop it into a trading hub of Central China. Construction of the extension of light rail No. 1 connecting North Hankou Project and the city centre of Wuhan has commenced and is scheduled to be completed in 2013.
As at 31 December 2012, North Hankou Project had over 21,000 occupants, including over 12,000 tenants relocated from Hanzheng Street. Phase 1 of the apparel mall commenced operation in the first half of 2012 whereas Phase 2 of the apparel mall was also launched for pre-sale in the second half of 2012.
Once completed, our apparel mall would be the largest apparel market in Central China and could occupy approximately 3,500 tenants and more than 25,000 apparel brands, for example, Hailan Home, K-Boding and Seven Brand which are famous men apparel brands in China.
During the year under review, besides the development of North Hankou Project, Zall Development also sought to expand its geographical coverage through the development of new projects. In January 2012, the Group acquired a parcel of land in Kaifu District of Changsha which will be developed as Zall No. 1 Enterprise Community " Changsha. The development will have a business hotel, Grade A office buildings and single- tenant office buildings. Construction work of Zall No. 1 Enterprise Community " Changsha has commenced during the year. In addition, the Group also started the construction work of Shenyang Salon in 2012.
Shenyang Salon would be developed into an integrated high-end urban complex project with a cultural theme located in Shenyang.
During the year under review, the outstanding performance of Zall Development was again highly recognised by the peers and the media. To signify the importance of North Hankou Project, Zall Development and Xinhua News Agency, the official press agency of China, entered into an agreement to jointly introduce the Xinhua Zall North Hankou Consumption Index ( North Hankou Index ). The introduction of North Hankou Index will promote Wuhan as a price reference centre and North Hankou Project will play an important role in the pricing index of consumer products in Central China. During the year of 2012, the Group was honoured as one of the Top 30 Real Estate Companies in Hubei Province for 2012 (NNNtVnSw?b0W"ulQS307_) by the China Index Academy (-N Wcxexvzb) and was awarded Top 200 Efficient Enterprises in China for 2012 (N NNt-N WOmiHev200sO) by China Enterprise ConfederationChina Enterprise Directors Association (-N WO mioTgq%-N WOmi[TSg). These honours were recognition of the efforts of the Group and will promote the market position of North Hankou Project in the wholesale market in China.
Looking forward, it is expected that domestic commercial property market will further improve in 2013 in view of the steady growth in global economy and fiscal easing of China to boost consumption. At the Central Economic Work Conference held in 2012, the central government had reiterated that it will continue the urbanisation process and will boost domestic demand to drive the growth of consumption. Under the policy support of 12th Five Year Plan to promote the development of logistics industry, Zall Development will further benefit from the strong domestic demand in China. Therefore, the Group is confident that it will continue to grasp the opportunities to expand its business by cooperating with customers to create a win-win situation and achieve better results.
Lastly, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders, customers and investors for their support and trust in the past year; and to our directors, management and our staff for their contribution to the outstanding performance of the Group. The Group will pursue for a stronger, more rapid development with a view to maximizing the investment returns for its shareholders.

Hong Kong, 22 March 2013 