Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of Zall Development Group Ltd. ( Zall Development or the Company ), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2013.
The GDP of China for 2013 grew by 7.7% when compared with the year 2012 and exceeded RMB56 trillion, implying a stable growing trend amid complicated internal and external circumstances. The growth of household consumption of China slowed down mainly due to the challenging business environment as well as the soaring consumer prices and costs. It was a government policy to maintain the economic growth and to improve the living standards by expanding domestic demand through adjustment of the economic structure. In 2013, China government tried to boost domestic consumption through tax arrangements and industry policies with a view of making domestic consumption one of the major driving forces of the economy. The transactions of North Hankou International Trade Center (the North Hankou Project ) hit a record high in the year 2013. North Hankou Project is the flagship project of the Group and is the largest wholesale market in Central China focusing on consumer products.
With the support of local and central government policies, the Group further improved the logistics facilities and traffic connection of North Hankou Project to develop it into a trading hub of Central China. Construction of the extension of light rail No. 1 connecting North Hankou Project and the city centre of Wuhan has commenced and is scheduled to be completed in 2014.
During the year under review, besides the development of North Hankou Project, Zall Development also sought to expand its geographical coverage through the development of new projects. In 2013, the Group continued the construction work of its projects Zall No. 1 Enterprise Community " Changsha and Shenyang Salon, which are located in Changsha and Shenyang, respectively. These two projects are the first two development projects of the Group which are located outside the Hubei Province. Both projects are expected to start pre-sale in the second half of 2014 and signifies the continuous diversification of revenue stream from different projects and 
For the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group recorded a total revenue of RMB1,581.2 million, representing an increase of 6.1% over the corresponding period in 2012. The Group recorded a net profit for the year of RMB1,629.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2013, representing an increase of 39.4% over the corresponding period in 2012.
Looking forward, it is expected that domestic commercial property market will further improve in 2014 in view of the steady growth in global economy and fiscal easing of China to boost consumption. The central government had reiterated that it will continue the urbanisation process and will boost domestic demand to drive the growth of consumption. Under the policy support of 12th Five Year Plan to promote the development of logistics industry, Zall Development will further benefit from the strong domestic demand in China. Therefore, the Group is confident that it will continue to grasp the opportunities to expand its business by cooperating with customers to create a win-win situation and achieve better results.
Lastly, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders, customers and investors for their support and trust in the past year; and to our directors, management and our staff for their contribution to the outstanding performance of the Group. The Group will pursue for a stronger, more rapid development with a view to maximizing the investment returns for its shareholders.

Hong Kong, 28 March 2014 
