Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ), I am pleased to present the annual report of Zall Development (Cayman) Holding Co., Ltd. ( Zall Development or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2011, which is the first annual report since its listing on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) on 13 July 2011 (the Listing ).
Despite the challenging market environment in 2011, leveraging its unique business model and solid support from the local government, Zall Development expanded rapidly and recorded satisfactory results. For the year ended 31 December 2011, the Group recorded turnover of RMB2,454.2 million, representing an increase of 218.8% as compared with the corresponding period of last year. The increase was mainly attributable to the Group s flagship project, North Hankou International Trade Center ( North Hankou ). During the year under review, profit for the year increased to RMB1,183.9 million, representing an increase of 87.0% as compared with the corresponding period of last year.
In 2011, due to sluggish overseas demand and the adjustment of domestic demand, the growth of GDP in China decreased to 8.9% for the fourth quarter from 9.7% in the first quarter. However, the GDP still recorded high growth of 9.2% throughout the year. Although China s economic growth slightly slowed down, the structural adjustment recorded satisfactory achievements. According to the macro-economic data released by the National Bureau of Statistics, consumption contributed 51.6% to GDP in 2011, representing an increase of 14.3 percentage points as compared with last year. Total retail sales of social consumer goods of China exceeded RMB18,120 billion, representing an increase of 17.1% as compared with the corresponding period of last year, reflecting consistently strong demand in the consumer market, which provided a favourable environment and conditions for the growth of the Group.
Since the stimulation of domestic demand was included in the 12th Five Year Plan by the central government, domestic consumption has become a major driver for the economic growth. Under these favourable government policies, Zall Development has adopted a business model that focuses on the wholesale market in the consumer industry and provides a one-stop procurement platform for small and medium enterprises which covers logistics and administrative services, including customs clearance and tax returns with the local government. This enables customers to reduce onerous and complicated distribution processes and increases the convenience and efficiency for their business operations. Accordingly, as the flagship project of the Group, the North Hankou project has been well received by customers of the consumer industry and has been a hot spot for commercial occupants since its opening.
As the local government supported the development of North Hankou into a national leading wholesale market, the relocation of Hanzheng Street was expedited. No trucks have been allowed into Hanzheng Street and its surrounding area since 15 August 2011. On the same day, three major long-haul bus stations at Hanzheng Street were closed and relocated to North Hankou Bus Terminal. After the issuance of an order for the general relocation of Hanzheng Street, the outcomes were obvious. During the sessions of NPC and CPPCC, the mayor of Wuhan also announced that the local government will systematically establish and plan the construction of infrastructure in Huangpi district and its surrounding area in order to develop North Hankou into a national commercial center. With comprehensive ancillary facilities, North Hankou Project has been highly recognized by various parties and has seized opportunities brought by the relocation of Hanzheng Street. Such 4th generation wholesale market will be a trend in the redevelopment and upgrading of traditional wholesale markets and will bring positive results to various parties in the future.
During the period under review, approximately 9,000 occupants registered to move to North Hankou, of which approximately 5,000 were previous occupants of the Hanzheng Street Wholesale Market. Apart from the occupants from Hanzheng Street, the first batch of 78 occupants from Haining Leather Mall (wm[vi W), a leading listed company in the professional leather market in China, moved to North Hankou and began operation of their businesses by the end of September 2011. Haining Leather Mall in North Hankou was well received by customers, and a leather zone was established and put into operation in the middle of November 2011, which includes concessionaire of notable domestic brands of leather products. The operating area of Haining Leather Mall in North Hankou will be expanded to more than 40,000 sq.m. The total rentals for a term of two years under the first leasing agreement is approximately RMB9.0 million.
In view of the proven fourth generation of the wholesale market business model of North Hankou and the positive response from the industry, major financial institutions, including China Construction Bank, Agricultural Bank of China, Hankou Bank and Bank of Communications, believe that the future of North Hankou is promising and have set up offices in North Hankou. The Company and such financial institutions entered into leasing agreements with terms of 10 years. The aggregate leasing area was approximately 1,800 sq.m.
and the aggregate rent exceeded RMB32.0 million over the lease terms. During the year under review, Zall Development also entered into cooperation agreement with China Minsheng Bank, Wuhan branch, pursuant to which it granted a total combined facility of approximately RMB12 billion and provided various integrated financial services for the Group and its occupants at North Hankou. These have stimulated commercial activities at North Hankou and provided a favourable operating environment for the occupants at North 
In addition to North Hankou, to facilitate the diversified and sustainable development of the Group, Zall Development has planned several projects under development and also proactively acquired lands to expand its market coverage. In August 2011, we acquired a 51% equity interest in Zall Yulong International Finance Center (SS>r: W-N_), a premier commercial building located in the core financial district of Wuhan.
By taking advantage of the strategic geographical location of this premier commercial center and Grade A office building, the Group is able to meet the substantial demand spurred by economic development in central China. In October 2011, the Group obtained a land use rights for a parcel of land with an area of 150,000 sq.m. in Yuhong District of Shenyang through a tender. The land was planned to be themed as a cultural development and to be developed into Shenyang Salon ( p}[) . In addition, in January 2012, the Group obtained a land use rights of a parcel of land for over 64,000 sq.m. in Kaifu District of Changsha. The land will be developed as the Zall No. 1 Enterprise Community' Changsha (SS>r,{NOmi>y@S' wl=W0W), which will include a business hotel, Grade A office buildings and single-tenant office buildings. The Group is devoted to replicating its successful business model to other regions so as to explore income sources and increase the market share and competitiveness of the Group.
Last year, leveraging its dedication and unique business model, Zall Development was well received by industrial players and the media. The Group and its North Hankou project won a significant number of awards, including ranking the fourth in Top 10 Real Estate Development Enterprises in Wuhan and was ranked first in the commercial property sector by Wuhan Real Estate Development Association; named a Top 10 Influential Enterprises in Wuhan, jointly selected by Wuhan TV, Wuhan Evening News Press and www.cjn.cn; ranking sixth among the Top 10 Private Enterprises in Hubei Province in 2011 (2011tVnSwlqOmi107_) jointly by the Provincial Industrial and Commercial Association, the Provincial Statistics Bureau, Provincial Academy of Social Science and Hubei Daily. These awards have, not only encouraged our staff of all levels, but also helped to enhance the reputation of the Group and its projects, which also enhanced the confidence of the industry and consumers towards the Group.
Although the overall economic growth of China was affected by various uncertainties, including the sovereign debt crises in Europe and the US and the adjustment of the property market, the growth of domestic consumption market and economic development has maintained its momentum by strong government support. As a result, small to medium enterprises, which play important roles in driving domestic demand, will generate more demand for premises and ancillary services. Leveraging such business opportunities and its strategic geographical location, the quality services of North Hankou will attract more occupants and bring satisfactory income for the Group.
Looking forward, the Group will leverage its competitiveness and will continue to promote the development of its projects so as to satisfy market demand and enhance its leading position in the wholesale market of Wuhan.
In addition, the Group will also proactively expand its businesses by replicating its successful business model in other appropriate regions.
I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders, customers and investors for their support and trust in the past year; and to our directors, management and our staff for their contribution to the outstanding performance of the Group. The Group will pursue for a stronger, more rapid development with a view to maximizing the investment returns for its shareholders.

Hong Kong, 20 March 2012 