Chairman’s Statement
The penetration and development of internet into different social and economical areas has brought to us
more specialised and refined social division of labour, as well as the prevalence and application of information
technology such as artificial intelligence and big data. The development of “intelligent trading” begins to
surpass “e-commerce” which is basically mature, crossing the retail consumer-end, and extends deeply into the
supply side and the business supply chain with an inexorable momentum.
The “intelligent trading” era will present three main characteristics: the upcoming mass adoption of technologies
in trading, such as artificial intelligence, big data and internet of things; the arrival of the industrial internet
era; and the emergence of the ecological chain era with clusters of coordinated development. In this new wave,
physical enterprises equipped with complete supply chains and service chains will have an irreplaceable firstmover
advantage.
Based on such judgements, last year in April, we clearly put forward the strategic transformation objective of
constructing an ecosphere for the Group’s intelligent trading and planned our development path: develop a
cloud market trading and service system combining online and offline businesses on the foundation of physical
markets, logistics and properties and take the opportunity of Zall Cloud Market, and cross-border trading,
customer-end business, integrated logistics and financial services are actively promoted to form the world’s
largest intelligent trading platform and database.
Over the past year, we have unswervingly advanced our goal and basically brought the ecosphere of
the Group’s intelligent trading into being.
I) A solid and stable infrastructure on the foundation of online and offline integrated wholesale trading
platform of consumer goods has been constructed. North Hankou International Trade Centre was
approved as the only national pilot market for procurement trade in central and western China, with
further improvement in its number of merchants and trading volume; Tianjin E-commerce Mall has eased
the non-core functions of the capital by expediting its absorption of merchants from market relocations
including the Beijing Zoo Clothing Wholesale Market. Leveraged on the foundation and advantage of
the ever-growing physical wholesale market of properties, customers, logistics and data, and through
platforms such as Zallgo（卓爾購）, Zallsoon（卓集送） and Zallfuhui（卓服滙） under the Wuhan Zall Cloud
Market Group Co., Ltd., we quickly achieved the online transformation of wholesale trading for merchants
by providing logistics, warehousing and other comprehensive value-added services. Over the past year,
Zallgo has become China’s largest integrated online and offline wholesale trading platform, standing
among the top-ranked e-commerce providers, with coverage over 20 cities across the nation, more than
110,000 merchants and an annual transaction amount of approximately RMB50 billion.II) An open and efficient trading platform has been built. Since 2016, through intensive cross-regional and
cross-industry mergers and acquisitions, the Group has become the largest shareholder of LightInTheBox
Holding Co., Ltd. (“LightInTheBox”), a cross-border e-commerce platform, and acquired Shenzhen Sinoagri
E-commerce Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen Sinoagri”), the largest e-commerce company of agricultural products in
China. The Group has built the core of a vibrant intelligent commercial trading ecosystem with abundant
trading transactions, and entered into the rank of the hundred-billion yuan enterprises in industrial
internet.
III) A maturing service chain has been formed. In June 2016, the Group acquired three companies under
Harvest Capital and established Zall Financial Services Group Limited (“Zall Financial Services Group”).
A supply chain financial services portfolio comprising Jia16（嘉石榴）, Zalljinfu（卓金服）and Zhong Bong
Financial Leasing（眾邦融資租賃）was formed to provide comprehensive financial services such as leasing,
insurance, credit investigation and payment for merchants in the ecosphere. The Group set up 5 supply
chain management companies including Zhuoyitong（卓 易 通 ）, North Hankou Import Export Services
Co., Ltd. and Zall Heng Supply Chain Management (Wuhan) Co., Ltd. (“Wuhan Zall Heng”)（武漢卓恒）
successively to provide merchants with wholesale distribution, import and export and other supply chain
management services. With the global logistics business launched by Zallsoon and LanTingZhiTong（蘭亭智
通）, the trading platform is provided with strong support and services through a complete, efficient and
convenient service chain.
We will continue to extend our trading platform vertically to become the national leading trading platform, to
cover the areas of non-ferrous metals and grain and oil products, linking and connecting to the Group’s various
trading platforms and service chains to form a global intelligent industrial trading platform over the internet
with transaction amount reaching the trillion yuan mark.
The intelligent trading platform is taking effect, bringing opportunities in logistics and finance. The
efficient operation and open extension of the trading platform have brought together a large number of real
transactions, with the commercial effects being gradually released. We identify real, effective and controllable
quality trading and assets from hundreds of billions of transactions in the online-offline combined trading
ecosystem, and provide them with financial, logistics, warehousing and other services for profits. This process
forms the profit model for our internet business. At present, Zallsoon, an intelligent logistics service platform,
and Zall Financial Services Group, which mainly engages in supply chain finance, are showing rapid growth
and good profitability. They are fostering and stimulating a leading brand in the emerging refined segments.
In 2016, Zallsoon’s total number of orders for the year reached 3 million, with average number of daily orders
in excess of 30,000. Zallsoon is integrating the intra-city, inter-city and customer-end freight logistics services
through organic growth, in order to quickly build up our economies of scale and technical barriers. The objective
is to achieve a daily volume of 1 million orders, building the largest internet logistics platform in China, and to
become the most outstanding player in the industry. Zall Financial Services Group is committed to meeting the
financing needs of merchants on the platform, and has helped its customers in raising funds of over RMB4.3
billion in total. With access to the Group’s trading ecosystem, Zall Financial Services Group selects high-quality
counterparties in trading using intelligent technologies such as big data and cloud computing, and further
explores into the supply chain financing service, in order to achieve a substantial growth in revenue.
The supply chain management business, with its foundation set on the trading platform, will become
a new business growth point. Since the second half of 2016, we have commenced supply chain management
and value-added services by successively establishing a number of companies, which include Zall Commerce
Supply Chain (Wuhan) Co., Ltd., Wuhan Zall Heng, Zhenjiang Joy Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd.
(“Zhenjiang Joy”)（鎮江卓恒）, Hong Kong Joy Resources Investment Co., Ltd. (“Hong Kong Joy”)（香港卓恒）
and Wuhan Zall Agriculture Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd. (“Wuhan Zall Agriculture”)（武漢卓農滙）. A
full range of supply chain management services including planning and design, procurement agency, inventory
warehousing management, fund settlement and information systems are provided to customers in relevant
industries. The customers are also supported in the improvement of their supply chains and capital operation
efficiency in order to reduce operating costs. The sales revenue from supply chain management is growing
rapidly with its scale reaching billion yuan.
We believe, for any business to develop into the end market, it needs a service chain as a facilitator. When
people are connecting their experience, pain points and IP ports to the end market, enormous business
opportunities arise from the business starting point to the end market, resulting in a huge, long-term demand
for services in the supply chains. We will then further explore the supply chain management business, and
expand product varieties, customer base and service types, to provide integrated services such as properties,
logistics, warehousing, freight logistics and financing, with the objective to achieve significant growth in scale
and reach tens of billion yuan in business volume.
With the intricate interconnections between the physical economy and the internet, online and offline businesses
often develop alternately and interdependent. As a natural O2O enterprise transformed from the physical trading
logistics industry, the Group has a unique business philosophy of integrating online and offline businesses.
No matter how the online business and offline business evolve, how they compete and fluctuate or which
one prevails, the Group will always have competitive advantage. As such, combining the online and offline
advantages to achieve synergy is our unique competitive edge.
We will continue to maintain the offline advantage of the two mega wholesale markets, Hankou North
International Trade Centre in the south and Tianjin E-commerce Mall in the north, such that tens of thousands
of active wholesalers can form a trading group of sustainable prosperity, and become an anchor and source
of vitality for the healthy development and innovative transformation of the ecosphere of the Group’s
intelligent trading. We will hold firm to the foundation of the physical market and persist with our O2O and
B2B positioning. Through informatization, intelligentization and globalization of business transactions, we are
committed to improving users’ trading experience and reducing trading costs, and nurturing the most advanced
and the largest super trading ecosystem. From here, we will stand tall on a brand new platform with redefined
“commercial trading” and become an outstanding enterprise which leads the future development industrial
internet in China.
Yan Zhi
Co-chairman
Hong Kong, 31 March 2017