CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT In 2015, China recorded a pronounced deceleration in growth with the annual pace hitting the lowest level in a quarter of century.
The weakening economic momentum weighed on different walks of life. Nevertheless, China continued to forge ahead with major infrastructure projects and policies to spur the economy, which will sustain the demand for plastic pipe and pipe fittings. Such projects include construction of major water conservation projects to ensure safe water supplies, the execution of Action Plan for Water Pollution Prevention and Control to reduce pollution, the building and refurbishment of the urban underground pipeline network, including the improvement of rain absorption systems through the idea of Sponge City . As an authoritative leader in large- scale industrial group specialising in building materials and interior decoration products, China Lesso proactively capitalised on the favorable government policies and steady demand for infrastructure and piping during the year. Thus, China Lesso was able to fulfill the business expectations of management by continuing to leverage its market leadership, brand influence, and expertise in the field.
During the year under review, the Group s business made steady progress in their development, market expansion and in terms of key performance indicators despite the economic downturn and weak property market felt by China in 2015. The Groups revenue rose by 3.0% to RMB15,264 million in 2015 from RMB14,823 million in 2014. The gross profit increased by 3.6% to RMB3,938 million. Profit attributable to owners of the Company grew by 4.3% to RMB1,621 million. The Board proposed a final dividend of HK13 cents per share for the year ended in 31 December 2015.
During the year, the Group continued to actively expand its business presence both in Southern China, the Group s dominating market, and in other regions within the country in order to drive overall sale. With the launched production base in the Hainan province, the Group was able to further enhance market penetration and consolidate market leadership in Southern China. The Group has also been pressing ahead with its plan to fully automate the production bases, with an aim to improve overall operating efficiency. Meanwhile, due to a steady influx of demand for industrial materials, the Group expanded the usage of plastic pipes to offshore cages for aquaculture. The initial market response after trial use was overwhelming.
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (Continued) In addition, the Group continued to develop the business of Lesso Mall, a diversified and dedicated e-commerce platform featuring an online and offline business model. The Group believes with the continuing importance placed on information technology and high-tech support systems, coupled with increasing demands of distributors and customers, Lesso Mall will prove to be a competitive business. Therefore, the Group plans on continuing its development towards this new business in an orderly fashion.
In the face of a persistently weakened economy in 2015, the Group was able to rise above undershot market expectations to achieve growth. The Company s growth was realised by leveraging on its advantages such as brand heritage and extensive distribution network, and by implementing measures such as enriching its product lines and initiating a new business unit in the form of Lesso Mall as new drivers of revenue. As such, the Company was able to successfully achieve their growth targets in terms of revenue and 
In regards to 2016, we expect it to be a challenging year for China due to market uncertainties and volatilities. With that being said, the Group remains cautiously optimistic and believes its business will continue to grow steadily due to added impetus for its products as a result of favorable government initiatives. The Group will act in tandem with current market trends and focus on improving cost efficiency through automation of its production bases. The Group also believes Lesso Mall to be a vehicle with incalculable business potential and hence will continue to develop and expand the diversified and dedicated e-commerce platform into the global 
The Group was able to achieve consistent developmental progress due to the continuous, inexhaustible support received from stakeholders. I would like to convey my sincerest appreciation and gratitude to all the employees of China Lesso for their dedication and contribution to and belief in the Group s development. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, investors, business partners and customers for placing inexorable trust in China Lesso. May we all continue to bring success and prosperity to China Lesso together! Wong Luen Hei 
Hong Kong, 18 March 2016 