CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT In the previous year, China achieved steady economic growth in a positive external environment amid the slow recovery of global economy. Economic indicators showed that the country registered a steady development pace. The Chinese government s accelerating urbanisation, increased investment in infrastructure, irrigation engineering works and construction of social security housing provided a fresh impetus to China Lesso s business. Capitalising on the market opportunities and favourable government policies, the Group leveraged its leading position in the industry and well-established brand, and expanded its nationwide sales network with refined segmentation of its target markets. It also enhanced its research and development and marketing capabilities. As a result, the Group achieved steady progress during the year under review.
For the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group s revenue rose by 20.0% to approximately RMB13,071 million, compared with RMB10,891 million in 2012. Profit attributable to owners of the Company grew by 17.0% to RMB1,449 million, compared with RMB1,238 million in 2012. The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK12 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2013.
In 2013, which was the third year of China s Twelfth Five-year Plan, urbanisation remained on top of the government s agenda. The national development programme stimulated demand for infrastructure facilities such as water supply, drainage, power supply and telecommunications.
In addition, increased government efforts to construct social security housing, improve the livelihood of farmers and reform agriculture were also favourable to the businesses of plastic pipes and home decoration products. A brisk trade in the PRC property market during the year under review also contributed to the Group s business growth.
The aforesaid factors have resulted in stable growth in demand for building materials and home decoration products. During the year under review, the Group strengthened its existing clientele and developed new customers. It did so through finer market segmentation and expansion of its sales network. Meanwhile, it stepped up product research and development, improved product quality, and enhanced service standards, in a bid to boost customer satisfaction and loyalty.
Moreover, the Group continued to optimise its production capacity and to augment the economies of scale. All these measures have consolidated its market shares and leading position.
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (Continued) Capitalising on the prospering PRC property market and the steadily rising proportion of pre-decorated flats, the Group continued to develop its new businesses of building materials and home decoration products. It supplies products, such as whole sets of doors and windows, sanitary products and integrated kitchens, to leading and well-known domestic property developers with an aim of nurturing the businesses into future growth drivers.
Looking into 2014, the Group believes that the country s urbanisation, renovation and conversion of its infrastructure facilities, as well as steady, healthy development of its property sector will continue their momentum. These trends are expected to lead to stable growth in the demand for building materials, plastic pipes and home decoration products. The Group will actively capture business opportunities by expanding its nationwide sales network, fostering the business of home decoration products and optimising its production capacity.
These measures are aimed at achieving healthy business development, fortifying the Group s market leadership and generating good returns to 
The key to the Group s success is its wealth of talent. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express sincere gratitude to all the employees for their relentless efforts and contribution to the Group s development during the past year. I would also like to thank all of our customers, business partners, Shareholders and various parties in the community for their valuable support.
Wong Luen Hei 
Hong Kong, 17 March 2014 