CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT In 2012, against the backdrop of the Eurozone debt crisis and the Chinese government s credit tightening policies, China Liansu faced a challenging operating environment in terms of market demand.
Nevertheless, the Group managed to respond effectively to changing market trends by fully capitalising on its sales network, its research and development capabilities with new products and new technologies, as well as its focused strategy of target marketing and careful brand management. As a result, China Liansu today enjoys steady growth and continues to create value for the Shareholders.
For the year ended 31 December 2012, the Group recorded revenue of RMB10,891 million, an increase of 7.4% from RMB10,143 million in 2011. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was RMB1,238 million in 2012, a decrease of 1.8% from RMB1,261 million in 2011.
The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK12 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2012.
Looking back at 2012, the Eurozone debt crisis continued to be a drag on the global economic recovery, while the Chinese government set a cautious target for steady economic growth. Credit tightening policies were also implemented, which affected the investments in fixed assets, putting pressure on the plastic pipe industry. However, the Chinese government has carried out various supportive measures during the year, to actively promote the construction of infrastructure, including housing units for social security recipients, infrastructure in cities and towns, as well as the development of new villages and water infrastructure. All these will generate steady demand for the Group s 
In light of 2012 s challenging business environment, the Group, as an industry leader, has remained dedicated to strengthen its existing sales network, and has further solidified its foothold in third and fourth tier cities. The Group has also continued to enhance its production capacity. All of these initiatives have helped to build a solid foundation for long-term development and success.
Given today s growing popularity with fitted-out properties, the Group placed great efforts in developing a range of home building material products like plastic-steel doors and windows as well as sanitary products and holistic kitchen during the year under review. In order for the Group s new business of home building materials and the internationalisation of its businesses, the Group plans to enhance the brand trademark with essential messages of Link, Ease, Safe, Share and Open in 2013. The Group is now gradually launching products that incorporate those brand essences, and these are expected to become its primary revenue drivers.
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (Continued) Looking forward, the Group aims to leverage strategic planning in its market coverage, expand its sales network nationwide, continue the internationalisation of its businesses, initiate the orderly expansion and optimisation of capacity, develop new products and move toward more focused branding. Using these tools, the Group will continue to effectively respond to market demand, enhance brand awareness, fortify its market-leading position and strengthen its international expansion in order to generate better return for the Shareholders.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincerest gratitude to all employees for their long-term contributions. Their teamwork and hard work have served as a major impetus for the Group s development. This is true especially in today s challenging business environment. Last but not least, I wish to express my heartfelt gratitude to all customers, business partners, the Shareholders, and friends from various communities for their valuable support of the 
Wong Luen Hei 
Shunde, the PRC, 18 March 2013 