CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT In 2014, China s economy experienced a mild recovery with a steady growth against the backdrop of the gradual recovery of the global economy. The PRC government pressed ahead with urbanisation and construction of hydraulic engineering works in rural villages, and continued to update the obsolete piping systems and the infrastructural facilities, including those for water supply, drainage, power supply and telecommunications. These developments boosted the demand for pipes, building materials and interior decoration products. As a leading large-scale industrial group making building materials and interior decoration products in mainland China, China Lesso capitalised on the favourable government policies and the steady demand for pipes by leveraging its market leadership and brand influence, and thus recorded a steady growth in its business.
During the year, the Group s businesses made steady progress in their development and in terms of key performance indicators despite the uncertainties in both the economy and operating environments. The improvements met the management s expectations. The Group s revenue rose by 13.4% to RMB14,823 million in 2014 from RMB13,071 million in 2013. The gross profit increased by 16.4% to RMB3,801 million. Profit attributable to owners of the Company grew by 7.2% to RMB1,554 million. The Board proposed payment of a final dividend of HK13 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2014.
During the year under review, the Group gradually raised the automation level of the production facilities of its existing production bases as planned to further enhance the production efficiency and to save costs. On the other hand, the Group increased the production capacity to meet its needs for development. The production bases in Hainan and Yunnan successively commenced production, providing solid support to the future development of the Group s plastic pipes and pipe fittings 
In addition, the Group will continue to develop the business of building materials and interior decoration products, providing customers with a complete system of doors and windows, sanitary ware products and integrated kitchens. The year 2014 marks the fourth year of the country s Twelfth Five-year Plan . It is believed that new opportunities will arise in the market for building materials and interior decoration products as the government speeds up the construction and renovation of the social security housing, the redevelopment of shanty areas and renovation of dilapidated rural 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (Continued) Looking ahead to 2015, we expect China s economy and its overall market to maintain the momentum of steady growth. The Group believes that its business will continue to grow because it will benefit from the growing demand for plastic pipes and pipe fittings, building materials and interior decoration products thanks to the ongoing urbanisation, the updating of such infrastructural facilities as obsolete pipes, the pilot scheme for managing integrated subterranean piping systems for the urban areas throughout the country, the construction of irrigation systems for rural villages, social security housing and the redevelopment of shanty areas.
In the future, the Group will proactively take advantage of China s favorable policies and market opportunities by diversifying its product offerings, actively expanding its nationwide sales network and enhancing its production capacity. It will continue to develop the business of building materials and interior decoration products, and endeavor to fulfill its corporate mission of Create a Relaxing Life for Dwellers by developing itself into a leading large- scale industrial group that makes building materials and interior decoration products in the world. The Group will bring better returns to the Shareholders through pursuing sustainable and healthy development of its business.
The Group s consistent development hinges on the strong support from various parties. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude to all the employees for their relentless efforts and contribution to the Group s development in the past year. I would also like to thank all of the Shareholders, investors, business partners and customers for their trust and support.
Wong Luen Hei 
Hong Kong, 16 March 2015 