CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT China Liansu is pleased to present the 2011 annual report. Despite the volatile global economy in the past year, the Company had splendid results and continued to create value for shareholders by meeting challenges, seizing opportunities, and capitalising on the competitive edges attributed to broad international perspectives, leadership in the industry and our strength in research and development.
For the year ended 31 December 2011, the Group recorded revenue of RMB10,143 million, an increase of 31.5% from RMB7,712 million in 2010. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was RMB1,261 million in 2011, an increase of 11.4% from RMB1,132 million in 2010.
Looking back to 2011, the Chinese government implemented a moderately austerity economic policy to control inflation and ensure healthy development of domestic economy. The government still stood firm on regulating the real estate market, bringing challenges to development of plastic pipe industry. Nevertheless, the Group saw new development opportunities driven by the government s policy of boosting domestic demand and striving to improve people s living standard. The government issued a number of favorable policies in 12th Five-year Plan (ASNN R) and the No.1 Circular (-N.YN_eN) for 2011 to support and strengthen development of urbanisation and water conservation, which provided stable and long term demand of the Group s products.
The Group, with its industry leading edge, actively developed its future blueprint basing on market situation to meet its long term development. During the year, in addition to consolidating and strengthening its existing marketing network, the Company expanded internationally and set up overseas branches to seek more development opportunities abroad. Exerting synergies of plastic pipes, the Group gradually expands to the market of home building material products based on product trend in the market.
In the past year when international and domestic economic environment was relatively complicated, the Group actively tackled challenges and made full uses of all its advantages, with its production capacity expansion plan progressed smoothly. In line with market trend, the Group gradually developed a series of new products such as bathroom accessories, kitchen, and plastic doors and windows for home building materials industry, which would drive the Company s future growth. The Group set up a subsidiary in Canada in 2011 and will formally launch home building material business in 2012. In addition, the Group is actively exploring other overseas market with potential for 
Looking forward New Record New Chapter will be the theme for the Group s future development so become well planned and prepared for long term growth. The Group, with its leading edge in the plastic pipe industry, will stably develop and further define the market, expand and optimise production capacity, strengthen application of the results of scientific and technological research and development achievements, further study and develop the home building materials business and plan for global expansion, so as to wield better reputation with wider geographic coverage of the Group s brand and generate the best return for 
On behalf of the Board of China Liansu, I would like to express my sincerest gratitude to all employees for their long-term dedication and hard work and also my heartfelt gratitude to all customers, business partners, and shareholders from all communities for their valuable support to the Group.
Wong Luen Hei 
Hong Kong, 16 March 2012 