CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
In 2016, China’s gross domestic product growth rate decelerated
to 6.7%. The economic slowdown weighed on people from
different walks of life. In 2016, the Chinese government
started its 13th Five-year Plan with the policy of stimulating
the economy with investment in national infrastructure
projects. During the year, the Chinese government continued
to press on with the plan of “Sponge City” and “Action Plan
for Prevention and Control of Water Pollution” for better
water management to ensure the safety of water supply and
reduce water pollution. Meanwhile, the Chinese government
accelerated shantytown renovation and redevelopment of
dilapidated housing. Such domestic projects would definitely
boost the demand for plastic pipes and pipe fittings.
Being a sizeable industrial group producing building materials and
interior decoration products, China Lesso has taken advantage
of its economies of scale and capitalised on the state policies
and construction programmes. As a result, the Group achieved
remarkable results for the year.
During the year, the Group achieved a steady increase in terms of
sales revenue, market expansion and key performance indicators
despite the mounting downward pressure on China’s economy. The
Group’s revenue increased by 12.8% to RMB17,221 million in 2016
from RMB15,264 million in 2015. Gross profit rose by 16.4% to
RMB4,582 million, and profit attributable to owners of the Company
grew by 18.6% to RMB1,922 million. The Board proposed a final
dividend of HK15 cents per share for the year ended 31 December
2016.
During the year, the Group continued to solidify its business
presence in Southern China, where it derived most of its revenue,
and proactively enhanced its market penetration in other regions
of the country. Meanwhile, the Group has been pressing on with
its plan to accelerate the automation and scale up its production
at its production bases to improve overall production efficiency.
The newly established production base in Shandong commenced
operation in the first half of 2016 and upgraded its existing
production facilities so that the Group’s total production capacity
has been further enhanced.
In the meantime, China Lesso further developed the business
of building materials and interior decoration products. During
the year, the gradual recovery of domestic property market in
mainland China and the central government’s urbanisation policy
stimulated the demand for building materials and interior decoration
products. To capture the opportunity, the Group diversified into
new product lines. The synergy between such new businesses and
the Group’s businesses of existing product lines boosted the sales
revenue effectively. To capitalise on the Chinese government’s
environmental protection initiatives, the Group adopted a strategic
plan to enter the environmental protection business through
acquisitions and cooperation with environmental protection service
providers.
In addition, the Group continued to develop the business of Lesso
Mall, a diversified and dedicated e-commerce platform which
featured an online-to-offline business model. During the year, the
Group refined its strategy for operating Lesso Mall and established
strategic partnerships with local distributors and business partners.
Meanwhile, the Group has also set up chain stores in the country to
expand its domestic sales network. The Group believes that Lesso
Mall will evolve into a major growth driver in the future.
In the face of the world’s challenging business environment in
2016, the Group was able to achieve steady growth in revenue,
meeting the market’s expectations. The achievement was
attributable to the Group’s sustainable business development and
progressive expansion of its product lines. By adopting strategic
moves in both its existing and new businesses, the Group
successfully expanded the scope of its business in both domestic
and overseas markets, and consolidated its brand image and
reputation. As a result, the Group met the targets for growth in
revenue and profit during the year.
In 2017, China’s business environment is expected to be
complicated and plagued by numerous uncertainties. In order
to adapt to the frequent changes in the market, the Group will
proactively explore the possibility of diversifying its business
further so as to fully capitalise on the government initiatives that
can benefit the industry. The Group is determined to expand its
production capacity by upgrading its existing production bases
in order to enhance its overall efficiency and facility utilisation
rate. It will also try to raise efficiency through automation at its
production bases. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to upgrade
its information system and foster the development of Lesso Mall
so that it can extend its footprint in both domestic and overseas
markets.
China Lesso celebrated the 30th anniversary of its establishment
in 2016, and I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our
management and all the staff members for their commitment and
dedication to the Group. The Group will continue to fulfill its mission
of “improving urban quality of life” by providing the market with
innovative and high quality household building products. We will
capitalise on China’s economic reform and rising consumption
demand to drive the Group’s business development for the
long-term. This will enable us to achieve better results and create
greater value for customers, investors and shareholders. China
Lesso is determined to scale new heights in the next 30 years!
Wong Luen Hei
Chairman
Hong Kong, 6 March 2017