CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT China Liansu was successfully listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange on 23 June 2010. With its international perspective, good corporate governance and leading position in the industry, the Group has devoted to enhancing its quality of business operations in order to deliver value to shareholders.
On behalf of China Liansu, I am pleased to present the first annual report for the year ended 31 December 2010. During 2010, the Group recorded revenue of RMB7,712 million, an increase of 44.9% from RMB5,322 million in 2009. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was RMB1,132 million.
In the No.1 Central Document Opinions of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the State Council on Exerting Greater Efforts in the Overall Planning of Urban and Rural Development on Further Solidifying the Foundation for Agricultural and Rural Development (-NqQ-N.Y WRbeR'Yq}L|W |vU 
issued in 2010, the Chinese government has proposed making the establishment of new villages and the promotion of urbanization as the sustained driving force for maintaining steady and rapid economic development and identifying a new long-term growth point for the economy of China through urbanization .
Urbanization will become an important direction for future economic development and structural 
In 2010, China Liansu firmly grasped the opportunity created by the Chinese government of its effort to speed up the promotion of economic development and structural change, and fully leveraged on the advantage of being pragmatic and keeping abreast of the times of the Group in the industry as the government continued to expand the domestic demand and accelerate the process of urbanization in rural area.
2011 is the first year of the 12th Five-year Plan (ASN NR) . Increasing investment has been made in national development and a series of policies such as expanding infrastructure investment and increasing support to people s livelihood have been deployed.
This will create prosperous development and growth opportunities for the plastic pipe industry. China Liansu will continue to enrich its product ranges in response to urbanization construction and launch new building material products in a timely manner.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to pay my highest tribute to all employees for their long-term dedication and hard work and express my heartfelt thanks to all customers, business partners, shareholders and friends from all communities for their valuable support to the 
Wong Luen Hei 
Hong Kong, 18 March 2011 
