Chairman s Statement 
I would like to report the annual performance of Luye as at and for the year ended 31 December 2015, as well as present the outlook of the Group s operation in 2016.
As a leading innovative pharmaceutical enterprise in China, Luye focuses on therapeutic areas with high morbidity and high growth rate including oncology, cardiovascular system and alimentary tract and metabolism. In 2015, the Group s five key products are sold to over 10,000 hospitals in 30 provinces and municipalities in China. The Group has 21 product candidates in China and 7 product candidates overseas, among which five candidates have entered into the clinical trial stage in the United States of America (the U.S. ) under U.S. Food and Drug Administration rules.
Despite clear slowdown in the pharmaceutical sector s overall growth, Luye achieved steady growth in its results in 2015 with its own competitiveness. Revenue increased by 0.8% year-on-year to RMB2.563 billion; profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by 24.6% year-on-year to RMB755 million and EBITDA increased by 17.5% year-on-year to RMB1.029 billion.
This annual report indicated that Luye achieved revenue increase in all sectors in a well-balanced manner. Revenue from sales of oncology products and alimentary tract & metabolism products increased by 5.8% and 5.5%, respectively, while that from cardiovascular system products decreased by 5.9%. Market share of the Group s key products continued to rise with improved market presence and market penetration. The Group maintained a stable gross profit margin by reducing operational expenditure and enhancing sales and management efficiency.
2015 represented a milestone in Luye s launching of globalisation process and the Company achieved a series of encouraging progress in overseas R&D. In August 2015, the Group has completed phase 1 clinical studies for ansofaxine hydrochloride extended release tablets, a Class 1.1 New Chemical Drug for the treatment of major depressive disorder, in the U.S.. Besides, the medicine has obtained the approval from the China Food and Drug Administration ( CFDA ) to commence phase 2 and phase 3 clinical trials.
In October 2015, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) confirmed that the results of the completed pivotal study for the Group s investigational new drug, i.e. Risperidone Extended-release Microspheres for Injection can be used to support a New Drug Application ( NDA ) submission in the U.S. via the 505(b)(2) pathway without any additional clinical trials. This will significantly cut down the capital and time cost required for obtaining FDA approval for the launching of the medicine, which is expected to become the first new drug to be launched in the U.S. by a Chinese pharmaceutical enterprise. In December 2015, the Group has also completed phase 1 clinical studies for Rotigotine Extended-release Microspheres for Injection, a new drug for the treatment of Parkinson s disease, in the U.S.. The successful development of the medicine will strongly promote the Group s expansion in the international market for central nervous system treatment. In addition, in March 2016, the Group s product candidate, Goserelin Acetate Extended Release Microspheres for Injection, has obtained the approval from FDA to initiate clinical trials for the treatment of carcinoma of the prostate. The medicine has a good marketing potential and will provide an impetus to the Group s development in the oncology therapeutic area. The Group s management is confident that Luye will stand out in the international market with its strong product pipeline and proven strengths in R&D.
Chairman s Statement (continued) In 2016, Luye will speed up its pace in international expansion and development. The Group will continue to uphold its mission and vision, firmly implement existing strategies including innovation and globalisation, and further improve the market share in China in the three key therapeutic areas, namely oncology, cardiovascular system and alimentary tract and metabolism. In addition, Luye will strengthen international cooperation, accelerate the launch of product candidates in international market and endeavour to make key breakthroughs in international business expansion. The Company strives to become one of world s top 100 pharmaceutical manufacturers by 2020. We are fully confident about the fulfillment of our 2016 goals and the future of Luye. Finally, on behalf of Luye Pharma Group Ltd., I give my sincerest thanks to our shareholders for your significant contributions to the Company.
Liu Dian Bo 
29 March 2016 