Chairman s Statement 
I would like to take this opportunity to report the annual performance of Luye as at and for the year ended 31 December 2014, and at the same time offer a vision of the Group operation in 2015.
As a leading innovative pharmaceutical enterprise in China, Luye focuses on therapeutic areas with high morbidity and high growth rate including oncology, cardiovascular system and alimentary tract and metabolism. The Group s five key products are sold to 8,500 hospitals in 30 provinces and municipalities in China. All five production facilities of the Group have passed China s new Good Manufacturing Practice ( GMP ) accreditation. The Group has a pipeline of 21 product candidates in China and seven product candidates overseas, among which four candidates have entered into the clinical trial stage in the United States (the U.S. ) under U.S. Food and Drug Administration rules.
In 2014, relying on its own advantages, Luye achieved rapid performance growth marked by a revenue of RMB3.154 billion, representing an increase of 25.4% compared to last year; profit attributable to owners of the parent of RMB606 million, an increase of 95.0% compared to last year and an EBITDA of RMB876 million, an increase of 72.4% compared to last year.
This annual report shows that Luye achieved significant growth in revenue and profitability in all business sectors in a well-balanced manner. Revenue from sales of oncology products, alimentary tract and metabolism products and cardiovascular system products increased by 32.8%, 20.9% and 15.0%, respectively. Market share of the Group s key products continued to rise with further expansion of market presence and deeper market penetration. The Group managed to maintain a stable gross profit margin by reducing operational expenditure and increasing sales and 
2014 was a remarkable year in the history of the development of Luye. On 9 July 2014, the successful initial public offering ( IPO ) of the Company on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange paved a way for the prospective exponential growth of the Group.
In terms of R&D, many of Luye s ongoing research projects achieved progress in clinical studies in both China and the U.S.
in 2014. For example, an oncology product, mucoadhesive wound rinse was approved to market and sell in China; the Group signed a cooperative agreement with Hanmi Pharm. Co., Ltd. ( Hanmi ) for developing small molecule Pan-HER inhibitor; the State Key Laboratory for Long-acting and Targeting Drug Delivery System which was established by the Group passed authentication by experts from Chinese Ministry of Science and Technology in September 2014, demonstrating Luye s leadership in technology within this field in China.
In 2014, the Group continuously upgraded its production and quality management. Five of the Company s subsidiaries were recognised as High and New Technology Enterprises , and the new injection production line passed GMP certification. In addition, the Group further improved its productivity and efficiency.
In the second half of 2014, Luye signed a series of agreements on the acquisition of Beijing Jialin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd ( Beijing Jialin ). This is expected to be a new growth driver of the Group and making the Group a leader in the area of lipid regulators in China.
Chairman s Statement (continued) In 2015, Luye will speed up its pace of expansion and development. The Group will continue to uphold its mission and vision, firmly implement existing strategies including innovation and globalisation, and further improve the market share in the three key therapeutic areas, namely oncology, cardiovascular system and alimentary tract and metabolism. In 2015, Luye will escalate its R&D and globalisation process to a new level by strengthening international cooperation and striving to make key breakthroughs in international business. The Company s IPO in Hong Kong marks a new starting point for Luye, and the Company is determined to achieve significant progress and strives to become one of world s top 100 pharmaceutical manufacturers by 2020. We are fully confident about the fulfillment of our 2015 goals and the future of 
Finally, on behalf of Luye Pharma Group Ltd., I give my sincerest thanks to our shareholders for your significant contributions to the Company.
Liu Dian Bo 
30 March 2015 