Chairman’s
Statement
Dear Shareholders:
I would like to report the annual performance of Luye Pharma
as at and for the year ended 31 December 2016, as well as
present the brief outlook of the Group’s operation in 2017.As a leading innovative international pharmaceutical enterprise in China, Luye Pharma focuses on research and development,
production and sales of innovative pharmaceutical products in the world. The Company’s product portfolio consists of more
than 30 products, with the focus in the therapeutic areas with the largest market size and highest growth rate including
oncology, cardiovascular system, alimentary tract and metabolism, and central nervous system. Our business has already
covered China, the U.S., Europe and other countries or regions.
In 2016, there was a further progress of regulation and reform in the Chinese pharmaceutical industry. The policies of the
medical reform have been continuously promulgated, the industrial environment has been improving under adjustments while
the overall growth of the industry was stabilized with steady increase. By virtue of excellent management, strong and
characterized product portfolio as well as continuous improvement in academic promotion, Luye Pharma has maintained a
steady growth in sales of innovative pharmaceutical products. In 2016, the revenue of the Company increased by 13.8%
year-on-year to RMB2,918 million. Profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by 18.2% year-on-year to RMB892
million. The result was broadly in line with the expectation of the management and has brought satisfactory returns to our
shareholders.
As for product lines, revenue from sales of oncology, cardiovascular system and alimentary tract and metabolism sectors
increased by 13%, 5% and 18% year-on-year, respectively, while products of other categories have significantly increased
by 81% year-on-year. In general, the growth of all product portfolio has maintained in a well-balanced manner. The market
share of major products continued to increase, while there was further expansion in business coverage and penetration.
2016 represented a milestone in Luye Pharma’s achieving a globalized layout. On 30 November 2016, the Company
completed the merger and acquisition of transdermal solutions and implants business of Acino Group in Europe. The
acquired business has a comprehensive research and development, production and sales system of transdermal drugs. The
focus of our product portfolio was the sophisticated sectors with higher profit margin, including central nervous system, pain
and hormone, and several products with great difficulties in manufacturing have already been commercialized. The
acquisition has led to synergy to the Group’s business, a promising start for the Company’s layout in European markets, and
also a valuable opportunity for development.
As for research and development, the Company enjoyed success in foreign research and development projects. Goserelin
Acetate Extended Release Microspheres, an oncology product which is used in treatment of carcinoma of the prostate and
breast cancers, has obtained the approval for clinical trial from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. In China, all clinical
studies for Risperidone Extended-release Microspheres were completed. Other innovative pharmaceutical microsphere
products, such as Goserelin Acetate Extended Release Microsphere, Triptorelin Microspheres and Exenatide Microspheres,
have obtained the approval for clinical trial from China Food and Drug Administration (“CFDA”) in China.
In 2016, the Group has successfully consolidated the newly-acquired European transdermal solutions research and
development platform, which would further enhance the Company’s research and development capabilities in core sectors
and enrich our pipelines of product candidates. For instance, Rivastigmine Multi-day Transdermal Patch, which was used in
treatment of Alzheimer’s disease, has already obtained the approval for clinical trial from the Federal Institute for Drugs and
Medical Devices in Germany and commenced the clinical trials. Meanwhile, the Company has obtained the approval from
the CFDA to commence the development of Buprenorphine Transdermal Patches. Currently, the Group has 27 product
candidates in China and approximately 10 product candidates overseas.
Looking forward into 2017, the Company will firmly implement the existing strategies and keep on the track of innovation and
internationalization steadfastly. As for domestic market, the Group will continue to improve the market share in the three key
areas, namely oncology, cardiovascular and alimentary tract and metabolism, and nurture the pharmaceutical market of
central nervous system. In the latest insurance catalogue published by the PRC in February 2017, Bei Xi, the Company’s
flagship diabetic products, has been elevated form Class B to Class A pharmaceuticals; a total of five products including
Xuezhikang, a flagship cardiovascular product, were removed or relaxed from reimbursement restrictions; three other
products, including Sidinuo and Okai, were added to the insurance catalogue. The Group will make use of the advantages
brought by the policies to accelerate the product promotion and market coverage, striving to achieve a faster growth in
result.
As for International business, the Company will further consolidate its transdermal drug delivery business and expand its
global market. The Group believes this business will bring stable and continuous contribution to the Company. In 2017, we
will consider overseas merger and acquisition from time to time should those opportunities arise and accelerate the launch of
product candidates in international market at the same time. Under the strategy of “Global Power, Growth of China”, we shall
accelerate the globalization of the Group. Being customer-oriented, guided by value-making and driven by innovation, we
shall provide more quality products and professional services with international standard to patients and customers in China
and all around the world. We will put more effort to become a respected international innovative pharmaceutical enterprise.
We are fully confident about the fulfillment of our 2017 goals and the future strategical vision of Luye.
Finally, on behalf of Luye Pharma Group Ltd., I give my sincerest thanks to our shareholders for your significant contributions
to the Company.
Liu Dian Bo
Executive Chairman
29 March 2017