To Shareholders
Vanke celebrates its 30th anniversary in 2014. Let us welcome
the next decade and celebrate the last. Yet, we cannot
simplify the company’s evolution using a 10-year cycle
model. Unlike the decennials we’ve celebrated, the one
beginning in 2014 is crucial for us as it raises the question,
“What will the future bring us and where are we heading?”
It’s a question we had never taken so seriously until 2014.
The world around us is changing drastically. As the real
estate industry shifts from the Golden Age to the Silver
Age, mobile internet technologies are revolutionizing the
way the corporate world moves. Our planet is changing
rapidly, and so is the success paradigm we have long relied
on.Apparently, it’s time to rethink our approach to success.
The Silver Age: From Vision to a Vague Reality
What’s the vision for Silver Age and how long will it last?
We tried to answer that question through a 2014 study
on global property values, which examined 27 economies
with relatively complete statistics (namely Ireland, Austria,
Australia, Belgium, Denmark, Germany, France, Finland,
South Korea, the Netherlands, Canada, Luxemburg,
Malaysia, the U.S., South Africa, Norway, Portugal, Japan,
Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, Spain, Hong Kong, New
Zealand, Italy, the UK and Taiwan) over a period of 40 years.
Over the last four decades, all 27 economies except
Germany have reported 100-plus percent cumulative growth
in house prices, including growth in prices of more than
500% (12 cases) and 1,000% (5 cases). 14 out of 61 recorded
cases of upsurge in prices were followed by a precipitous
tumble. Japan is the only region where house prices have
kept falling for 20 years with no signs of letup. We identified
predictive indicators for differentiating between the 14
upsurges that preceded downward price movements and the
47 that didn’t, and then developed a price trend forecast for
China to draw a conclusion.
With relative optimism, we concluded that Chinese house
prices will not drop precipitously in the Silver Age and the
residential development sector will remain a huge and
sustainable one. However, rapid surges in house prices or
fast, industry-wide expansions will not be common as before.
That means, despite our consistent focus on residential
properties, we must finish exploring new business
opportunities and establishing a new business model in the
coming decade, so as to achieve satisfactory growth and lay
a foundation for the second 10-year development.
A new service is developed in a three-stage process. The
top priority in the first stage, characterized by a growth from
0 to 1, is building a persuasive business model; The second
stage, characterized by a growth from 1 to 10, depends on
verifying the reproducibility of past successes; In the third
stage, which is marked by a steady expansion from 10 to
100, the key is improvement on operational efficiency and
competitiveness in a continued pursuit of development
potential and rewards.
In the next three years, the main objective of Vanke’s new
business is to identity the “1,” or “1.” s.
The Age of Mobile Internet: What Changes and
What Doesn’t
Business opportunities are available so long as there is a
market economy. In other words, there are countless “1s”
out there and all well-funded casual investors can find their
“1s” effortlessly, although it takes time to find the truly
suitable ones that meet their respective needs.
Our 2014 efforts in developing new services will be based
on two evaluation criteria. First of all, the new service must
embody Vanke’s strengths or potential and match the
corporate DNA, structural characteristics, customer base and
competitive advantages. Secondly, it should reflect Vanke’s
growth prospects in accordance with, and not against, the
mobile Internet trends.
Vanke’s management team spent the last two years visiting
several Internet companies or leading firms that have
received much attention in the mobile Internet age, hoping
to find out – through dialogue, self-learning and reasoning
– what changes and what stays constant as we embrace the
new era.
We realized “being nice to customers,” the timeless maxim
in the corporate world, would become even more relevant
in the mobile Internet age. This is because the enhanced
information symmetry and transparency makes shopping
around so much easier for buyers, generating a higher
level of competition.This in turn calls for more competitive
products and services that attract customers.
There are three dimension of the mobile Internet age’s
impact on the real estate sector:
In the first or residential property dimension, our customers
will be concerned with not only the house, but also the
services relevant to housing experiences and “community-
building” interactions with neighbors.
Regarding the “consumer properties” dimension,
e-commerce poses a severe threat to conventional retailers,
leaving more and more physical malls replaced by next-
generation shopping centers that are focused on hands-on
experiences and displays. Meanwhile, youngsters seeking
for more enriching lives will fuel the demand for diversified
vacation experiences, rather than homogeneous tourism
services.
As for industrial real estate, the emerging maker culture,
SMEs and micro businesses would become the major driving
force behind China’s economic growth. There is a need to
completely revamp and modernize the logistic properties.
Vanke’s next 10-year vision, therefore, can be summed up as
a provider of “3 Goods” Residences and integrated urban
property services, with the latter expected to become as
important as the former within 10 years.
A “3 Goods” residence consists of a good house, good
services and good neighborhood. We will unleash the
full potential of the Internet by constantly matching the
industry’s and consumers’ latest definitions of, or criteria for,
a superior housing experience, and eventually maintain and
expand our status as a competitive housing provider. We are
firmly convinced that improved customer value will provide
better rewards for shareholders. We are seeking an increase
of Return On Investment (ROI) that exceeds sales expansion
while ensuring shareholders record-high ROI. Also, we plan
to pay more cash dividends to shareholders as our capital
efficiency improves.
As a provider of integrated urban property services, we will
offer new types of properties according to mobile Internet
trends, instead of concentrating on conventional commercial
real estate. We also plan to introduce businesses derived
from our customer resources and competitive access to
technologies or credit. This business integration policy will
be further clarified over the next three years.
Business Partners: From Joint Creation to Profit-
sharing to Joint Liability
In the Silver Age, with the residential real estate sector’s
profitability and ROI declining towards the average level,
what should we do to debunk stereotypes about corporate
development and deliver a ROI growth that exceeds the
sales growth, while simultaneously delivering record-high
rewards to shareholders?
Moreover, how can Vanke, a company with more than 200
billion Yuan RMB in annual sales, tackle the “innovation
dilemma” typical of large enterprises and successfully launch
new businesses with the kind of passion seen in a startup?
The answer to those questions might be a systematic
engineering effort, or more importantly, the Business
Partnership Scheme in which our confidence lies in.
Our business partnership scheme is built on economic
profit-based bonus plan. As one of China’s first companies
to include economic profits in the core evaluation criteria,
we realized that equity investments incur a cost much
higher than that of debt capital. The economic profit after
discounting opportunity cost of equity capital is the net
value we have created for shareholders.
Since the 2010 launch of economic profit-based bonus
program, our fully diluted ROI has risen over the years to
19.66% in 2012-2013 period, the highest in two decades.
Our share price, nevertheless, has since fluctuated much
and we realized that our shareholders expect us to attach
equal importance to ROE and share prices. While we cannot
change preferences and volatility in the capital market, we
can at least show shareholders that Vanke’s management
staff shares the same interests with them in terms of share
prices.
We introduced in 2014 a business partner stock holding
plan and a co-investment policy, treating our core staff
as stakeholders alongside company shareholders. As we
implement joint creation, profit-sharing and joint liability
simultaneously, our management staff shares common
interests with shareholders, which in turn gives the entire
staff a better, more direct sense of operational soundness
and enhances their dedication towards the company. In
2014, we were heartened to see our subsidiaries take a
cautious approach towards investment; our employees
make considerable innovations among other efforts to
improve efficiency or reduce waste; employees started to
pay attention to tasks beyond their scope of responsibilities.
Such self-incentivisation and “mutual-management”
between colleagues are more effective than any externally
imposed rule.
Our business partnership scheme nurtures not only
dedicated executives but entrepreneurial talent. After all,
dedication and entrepreneurship matter more than anything
else in the process of starting a business.
The program provides a significant foundation and safeguard
either in terms of the efficiency and benefits of our
existing operations, or innovations and exploration of new
businesses. As a matter of fact, it may go down in history as
a giant leap in business administration.
It’s truly an honor to embark on such a great journey, and the
journey has only just begun.