To Shareholders
In 2013, we were certain that the property industry had
entered its silver age. Such judgement had increasingly
gained wider acceptance during the market adjustment in
2014. However, when the market recovered in 2015, what was
the implication? Do we need to change our view?
No. We stick to our belief. Undoubtedly, we saw a general
rebound in the transaction amount in major cities in 2015;
we saw rapid upsurge in property prices in certain cities,
and we even saw land price in individual cities rise to an
astounding level. Yet we should not neglect the fact that
many more cities were still in the process of clearing their
dwelling stock.
Dwelling-to-household ratio (the number of fully furbished
residential units with kitchen, toilet and bathroom/the
number of resident households) is a common international
standard to measure the adequacy of dwelling stock. It is
generally regarded that the market is at equilibrium when
dwelling-to-household ratio is 1.1. At the end of 2014, out
of the 49 relatively developed cities in China where Vanke
has a presence, there were 12 1 cities with the dwelling-
to-household ratio less than 1, eight 2 cities with the ratio
greater than 1 but not more than 1.1, and 29 3 cities with the
ratio greater than 1.1.
If dwelling-to-household ratio of a city is greater than 1.1,
that means the city must slow down the growth rate of
its new housing development, to allow time for growth in
population and emergence of new households. As such, it
made sense for the floor area of new construction started of
commodity housing continued to decline in 2014 and 2015.
This was the necessary process in inventory depletion.
If what we saw in the residential market was variation
within the segment, then the situation in the commercial
and office property sector was more extreme. In the US,
where the service industry was extremely well developed,
the accumulated inventory of commercial/office area was
4 sq.m. per capita. But in the five-year period from 2011
to 2015 alone, among the 40 4 relatively developed cities in
China, there were only nine cities left with less than 4 sq.m.
per capita of commercial/office floor area newly available
for sale: Beijing and Shenzhen with less than 1 sq.m.,
Shanghai, Dongguan and Chongqing with less than 2 sq.m.,
Guangzhou, Tianjin, Wenzhou and Foshan with less than
4 sq.m.. This together with the impact of the internet and
e-commerce retail on the traditional retail sector had led
to a general oversupply in the traditional commercial/office
property sector.
The urbanization in China is far from over. In the next 10
years, the urban population in China is expected to increase
by 170 million, which will create enormous demand for
housing and associated services. The next phase of city
dwellers migration mainly comprises post-90s and post-2000s
generations. Unlike their parents who are known as “farmers-
turned-workers”, these city dwellers and their families are
settled down in the city. Compared with their parents, they
enjoy better living conditions in their childhood and receive
higher education. The mobile internet age has become
part of their life and knowledge. As a result, the increase in
demand for houses and jobs, as well as living requirements
from these city dwellers will be a totally different landscape
from those of the past.
In developed countries, it is quite common that income for
blue collar technical workers exceed the ordinary white collar
workers. It is believed that China is no exception. In future,
the huge number of families of new city dwellers, in the
short run, may be daunted by the expensive property price
in first-tier cities. However, with the growing sophistication of
the rail transit network, various cities and towns that spread
across megalopolises could be suitable as their new homes.
They may not, in the short term, be able to pay for the down
payment to realise their dream of becoming a home owner,
but the declining interest rate may render them to a better
living conditions than those of their parents, initially through
renting property.
However, we do not need to be over-pessimistic. We
believe the silver age still represents an era of prosperity.
Following the end of the golden age of traditional property
development, there are massive emerging demands for
properties awaiting to be satisfied.
The State’s gradual slipping into an era of aging population
not only amplifies the challenge to economic development
but also sparks new demands. As at the end of 2015, the
population aged 65 and over in China amounted to 144
million, representing 10.5% of the total population. It is
expected that the State’s elderly population will reach
200 million by 2025. According to the elderly market
development in the US, the healthcare sector accounted for
10% of the total GDP and elderly care accounted for 10%
of the healthcare sector, and the market size of retirement
communities was similar to that of elderly care. If China’s
GDP maintains a growth rate of 7%, it is expected that,
by 2023, the Chinese elderly care services and retirement
communities will each generate market opportunities worth
RMB1 trillion.
In 2014, China’s e-commerce penetration rate (11%) had
exceeded that of the US (10 %). On the one hand, the rapid
development of e-commerce undoubtedly puts traditional
commercial property under huge pressure, but on the other
hand, it also provides enormous room for development of
logistics property. At present, the modern warehousing area
per capita in China is only 10% of that of the US.
In the real estate service sector, single-service providers of
traditional property management and agency services are
evolving into provision of comprehensive lifestyle services.
According to the report of China Property Management
Association, there was approximately 16.5 billion sq.m. of
property management area in the State’s 31 provincial cities
and autonomous regions in 2014, representing an increase of
13.5% from that of 2012. On the other hand, customers are
also extending their requirements from professional services
such as cleaning, maintenance and security to community
ancillary facilities such as cafeteria, fitness centre, childcare
and laundry, as well as home economics, housing trust and
agency services for leasing and sale, and other value-added
services for community life in the mobile internet age, such
as increasingly popular car sharing, skills sharing, community
financing services, etc.
China is still in an initial stage of development in real estate
finance, thus allowing ample room for imagination. In the US,
the REITs market expanded tremendously since the 1980s. As
of the end of 2015, the US REITs total market value reached
US$939 billion, which was 122 times of that in 1985. From
1972 to 2015, the compound annual return for equity REITs
in the US was 12%, while the annual returns of NASDAQ and
Dow Jones Industrial Average for the period were 8.86% and
6.99% respectively. In future, the size of securitized assets in
China will significantly surpass those in the US. This is a huge
and untapped sector.
The reform on the supply-side is a general direction for
China’s future economic development. In the property sector,
reform should focus on the development of effective supply,
promotion of transformation and innovation, and satisfaction
of new demands, as well as replacing “property + steel and
cement” with “property + service”. International experience
showed that when an economy reached its mature stage,
the pivotal position of the property industry in the economy
would be further entrenched, rather than weakened, as a
result of generation of associated services.
According to the statistics of the Organisation for Economic
Co-operation and Development, the direct contribution of
the property sector to GDP in major developed countries
worldwide from 2009 to 2014 was 10.9% on average
(approximately 5.8% in China at present). When combining
with the contribution from upstream and downstream of the
industrial chain, the total contribution amounted to almost
20% of GDP (approximately 13.8% in China at present). With
the blessing of proper policy guidance, the various industry
segments under “property + service” may have the potential
to generate investment and revenue of over a trillion dollars.
Their aggregate amount would have the effect of doubling
the size of the property sector.
The concentration level of these new emerging industry
segments may significantly exceed that of the property
development sector. Should any leading enterprise in the
property industry are able to seize the opportunity for
transformation, it would discover a much broader field for
it to manoeuvre. Based on this belief, Vanke explicitly put
forth in its new 10-year plan that it has to transform from
a residential property developer to an integrated urban
property service provider.
In 2015, improvements in Vanke’s operating results and
capability had been encouraging. To the Company, brand
premium brought along by the “quality housing + quality
services” had proved to be more valuable than realising a
sales amount of RMB260 billion. Since the launch of the co-
investment policy a year ago, the Company had not only
found itself among the best companies in the industry in
terms of cost and expenses management, but also achieved
satisfactory results in project development. Despite the
adverse situation resulting from obvious overheat land
market in certain areas, Vanke acquired sufficient amount of
land lots in 2015. More importantly, none of these projects
pose high risk to the Company’s operations nor are there any
supreme land lots where the cost per sq.m. would be higher
than the expected selling price.
However, the Vanke management should not be
complacent about its achievement. The Company’s effective
transformation would be more meaningful than maintaining
successful traditional operations. Vanke management needs
to demonstrate that they are the best in the industry. To
uphold our professional dignity, we need not only to prove
our ability in all aspects of our traditional business, but
should also be able to be the first management team to find
the way forward in the silver age.
Exploring a new path into the future will be harder than in
the arena that we are familiar with. In the face of increasing
uncertainties, we have to be more committed, and we need
to rely more on our wisdom, and our shareholders’ support
is indispensable for the cause.
Once again, I would like to extend my gratitude to
shareholders for their decision and trust. The future can be
bright and promising, and it is going to be determined by all
of us.