To Shareholders
For property developers in China, the market boom in 2016
was not something to be taken lightly. Sometimes, there
is not a fine line between content and disquiet. The total
sales volume in China’s real estate market reached record
high during the year. However, is this really something worth
celebrating?
One should pay attention to the fact that the heating up
of property markets in major cities is not as drastic as that
in land transactions. Property prices overtaken by land
premium has become a common phenomenon rather than
a rare case. This puts developers in a dilemma of acquiring
expensive land lots to bear operational risk in the future or
being forced out of the market due to lack of land bank.
It is for the aforementioned reasons we welcomed the
State’s introduction of specific austerity measures in certain
overheated cities in October 2016. We believe this round
of austerity measures was timely and absolutely necessary.
Allowing overheated market to moderately cool down would
undoubtedly benefit healthy enterprises that are keen on
long-term development.
“Housing is for accommodation” is a simple common
sense that we all should understand. However, learning
from lessons of most developed countries, it is almost
unavoidable for housing to be treated as an object of
investment. Particularly following waves after waves of real
estate price upsurge, we, as market participants, would
easily lose our track of objective in front of temptation. If
people could easily make money by holding assets, would
we still be able to persist with our dedication to create true
value?
All along, China Vanke has been insisting on “building
quality housing for ordinary people, developing premises
for accommodation”. We firmly believe that property
development should be back to its basics of offering houses
for accommodation. In the face of yet another state of
market euphoria, it is imperative for us to remember our
initial motive for entering the industry.
We must always bear in mind that no matter whatever
changes in the external environment, providing customers
with better products and services is an utmost important
mission for Vanke as an enterprise.
According to neutral forecast and based on actual
urbanization rate measured by population with household
registration, our country has room for further urbanization
by over 20 percentage points. With the implementation
of the new urbanization strategy, nearly 200 million of
new-generation rural migrants will shed the “temporary
migrant” status of their parents, and become permanent
urban residents. Most of these new urban residents
will concentrate in developed conurbation with better
employment opportunities. Therefore, in areas with influx of
population, shortage of housing will continue in the short
term. Our offering of “Good Houses, Good Services, Good
Neighbourhood” still have promising market potential.
It is our obligation to provide new urban residents with
quality housing and ancillary services. However, faced with
rising land costs, how are we going to supply the market with
affordable residence for new urban residents? We certainly
understand that this is not a task that can be accomplished
by a single enterprise; however, this should not be an excuse
for our inactivity.
We still have ample opportunities to make capable
c o n t r i b u t i o n t o t h e a f o r e s a i d s c e n a r i o . T h e
“Railway+Property” development model is the first direction
we should strive to adhere to. As demonstrated by the
development process of densely populated metropolises
such as Tokyo and Hong Kong, the transit-oriented urban
development model (TOD) with an emphasis on public
transportation can effectively link up surrounding towns and
megalopolises, to increase the effective supply of housing in
core conurbations, and to reduce living costs. According to
estimates by relevant authorities, by 2020, the total mileage
of urban rail transit in China is expected to nearly double the
level in 2015. This will provide a large number of new urban
households with opportunities for settling down through
home purchase at prices affordable by their income levels.Second, by actively participating in the development of
rental housing market, we can supply more affordable
housing to new urban residents. Rental housing is the major
tool for metropolis to resolve the housing issue of new urban
residents. Take the example of conurbations such as New
York, Tokyo and London; the proportion of rental housing is
56%, 54% and 50%, respectively. In 2016, the State Council
promulgated the “Opinions on Accelerating the Cultivation
and Development of Rental Housing Market” and the
“Proposal for Pushing Forward the Household Registration
of 100 Million Non-registered Residents in Urban Areas”,
with a key emphasis on the importance of rental housing in
resolving housing issue of urban residents. As an important
player of the real estate industry, we should definitely
respond proactively to the State policies.
In addition to housing itself, we should also notice that,
with changing consumer attitude of the younger generation
and the emergence of the internet era, there exists an
enormous demand for urban ancillary services which has yet
to be fulfilled. Emerging real estate and services in areas of
elderly service, logistics, education, resort, and new-start
business are just in their infant stage. The aggregate volume
of the aforementioned emerging businesses is equivalent
to creating another real estate sector. As evidenced by the
experience of developed countries, when the economies
become mature, the pivotal position and economic
contribution of the real estate industry in a broad sense will
not be lessened due to abundant supply; on the contrary,
it will be further strengthened by the emergence of various
derivative services.
We continue to see a promising prospect. Our abilities to
capture the aforementioned opportunities depend on our
expertise and our ability to minimise resource consumption,
in order to create maximum real value for the society. We
are grateful to be in an era of ample opportunities, and
are honoured to be able to embrace a brand new future
together with our shareholders.