We continue our steadfast mission to create experiences that engage, entertain and inspire our customers.
CHAIRPERSON S STATEMENT 
It is with great pleasure that I present to you the second annual report of MGM China Holdings Limited. We once again proudly present to you a strengthened financial position, driven by another year of record profit. Our team is highly motivated as we strive to enhance our business performance and shareholder 
The 2012 financial year was a memorable one for all of us at MGM China it was not just a year in which we achieved record earnings for the fifth year running with EBITDA growth of 7.7% to HK$5,310.4 million, we also celebrated our fifth year of operation at MGM MACAU, and a year in which we secured our future success by having a major land concession awarded by the Macau Government to build our second luxury resort in COTAI.
We are very excited about our COTAI project and look forward to delivering a facility that will enhance our competitive position and deliver growth opportunities for all of our stakeholders. The hard work of our 5,670 team members has taken us to this point and it will be with their efforts and the 8,000 individuals we will add to the team over the next three years who will share in our commitment to growing our business.
The COTAI project will be situated on a site of 71,833 square meters, which is more than 50% larger than our current MGM MACAU property and will allow us to contribute further to the diversification of Macau by bringing a new level of excitement, sophistication and entertainment. With an estimated budget of HK$20 billion net of land cost and capitalized interest, it will have approximately 1,600 hotel rooms, 500 gaming tables and 2,500 slot machines, with over 85% of its gross area dedicated to non-gaming offerings including restaurants, retail and entertainment.
With our strong cash reserve and existing credit facilities, we are well positioned to fund our COTAI project and other future expansion projects within the MGM MACAU property, while also allowing us the flexibility to recommend dividends to you, our valued Shareholders. As always, we are committed to maximizing the returns for you, through prudent and efficient use of our capital. As we announced on February 28, 2013, we intend to pursue a dividend policy of declaring semi-annual distributions in an aggregate amount per year not to exceed 35% of the anticipated consolidated annual profits of the Company following the announcement of half-year and full year results and declaring special distributions from time to time as and when appropriate.
In 2012, we continue our steadfast mission to create experiences that engage, entertain and inspire our customers.
In May, we opened a Butterfly Pavilion, one of the largest in Asia. During its six-month run, the show attracted over 300,000 visitors, contributing to the revenue growth of our non-gaming and gaming businesses. With the opening of the new premium gaming area on Level Two at MGM MACAU, we were able to collaborate with a number of local artists to showcase their talent and provide a truly unique Macau experience. The exhibition opened to rave reviews and is a powerful demonstration of our support for local art and culture as well as a business strategy to create a tasteful and sophisticated experience for our increasingly demanding customers. The new gaming expansion also made a positive contribution to our results and will lead to continued same-store growth for several years to come.
Our financial performance attests to the significant strides we have made in improving efficiency and productivity across all aspects of our operation. Although rising costs will remain a challenge for us, we are dedicated to managing our resources effectively and executing our fiscal plan with diligence and discipline.
We recognize that the talent market is very competitive for any employer in Macau and that it takes years to develop and nurture this talent. We continue to build on our reputation as a preferred employer. That means we constantly look for new ways to enrich the experiences of our people and help them grow personally and professionally. As part of our retention strategies, last year we launched an education sponsorship program for employees seeking to equip themselves for the future.
For many of our employees, Macau is the place they call home. We take pride in sharing our success with our community and providing assistance wherever it is needed. In 2012, our team members generously donated over 4,000 hours to serve our community. We won an Outstanding Corporate Volunteer Award from the Macau Volunteer Association. Over the years, MGM MACAU has established itself as a partner for local charity groups and associations to collaborate on meaningful projects that improve the quality of life in Macau. We will not rest on our laurels and will continue to invest for the future of Macau.
In closing, I would once again take this opportunity to acknowledge the endeavors and efforts of our 5,670 team members. Our strong financial and operational performances truly reflect their collective passion and focus for service excellence. I also extend my gratitude to you for the confidence you have placed in MGM China.
Pansy Catilina Chiu King Ho 
