Looking to the future, we will ensure the 
of MGM China by 
in all aspects of our business with a focus on service 
and a dedication to the customer 
2013 was another year of exceptional performance, robust growth and reinvention for MGM China, our employees and the wider Macau community. I am proud to present to you our sixth consecutive year of record growth, with EBITDA of HK$6.6 billion up 20% from 2012. I attribute our success to our focus on efficiency, diversification and innovation, and, above all, the hard work of the team members at MGM China.
James Joseph Murren 
As reflected by our healthy balance sheet, MGM China has a lot of flexibility going forward, and we believe that all stakeholders will see continued rewards as we implement our growth oriented development plans. In February 2013, MGM China initiated a regular dividend policy, and rewarded our Shareholders with a special dividend as well. I am pleased to report that our operating strategy and commitment to the execution of these plans continues to garner strong investor confidence and our team is committed to delivering consistent value for you, 
As you may already be aware, MGM COTAI construction is in full swing, and progressing in an impressive manner.
With our foundation works completed, construction of our basement and tower is moving ahead quickly. The ongoing development and refinement of our interior designs are progressing well. Designed by Kohn Pederson Fox, MGM COTAI will include The Mansion , a luxury and invitation- only villa complex. The Mansion is designed to attract and cater to high-end clientele. The Mansion will surely take the MGM experience to the next level. Designer, Jacques Garcia, has applied all of his design excellence to ensure our premium customers have a unique and memorable experience while staying at The Mansion.
On track to open in early 2016, MGM COTAI will see the addition of many more non-gaming, cutting-edge and exciting offerings. Featuring up to 1,600 rooms, 2,500 slot machines and 500 tables, our new premier resort will offer unparalleled experience which will engage, entertain and inspire our guests.
Staying ahead in this dynamic industry involves remodeling, renovation and reinvestment. In the coming months one can expect to see a prominent MGM China presence across marketing channels. This will include but will not be limited to a significant expansion of M life, our company-wide customer recognition program. With its proven success in the United States, I look forward to M life further strengthening our position in China and acting as a catalyst to build our customer base and driving growth in our existing Macau property and in Cotai.
In 2013, our team continued to work hard to support the vision of the Macau Government for diversification. I am very proud that our stunning aquarium at the Grande Praa has become a popular attraction. We also recently opened the MGM Art Space led by our collaboration with the Italian Consulate to present Botticelli s Venus for the first time in 
As I have already reported we know that our team members at MGM China are the single most important component to our success and we seek to foster their commitment to both the company and the Macau community. In 2013, we continued to strive to engage each and every member of the team, allowing them to deliver the MGM brand story at work and beyond. For two weeks in July 2013, our team members donated 650 hours and raised in excess of HK$200,000 to help create a better Macau through our MGM Community 
In anticipation of MGM COTAI, we will continue to foster a positive working environment for our team and ensure that we remain an exciting and successful place for our employees to grow and excel.
Looking to the future, we will ensure the continued success of MGM China by fostering reinvention in all aspects of our business with a focus on service enhancement and a dedication to the customer experience. The future for MGM China is full of opportunities and we look forward to capturing those that will continue to add value to our company.
James J. Murren 
