We are confident that we have robust and responsive strategies that will allow us to seize opportunities for growth and to remain competitive. We will continue to invest in our physical assets, our people and our community to contribute to the diversification of 
Chairperson s Statement James Joseph Murren 
After nearly a half decade of high growth, the Macau market experienced a challenging environment in 2014 amid a myriad of factors that led to a decline during the second half of the year.
However, despite the unfavorable market conditions, our focus on executional excellence and operating efficiency has paid off.
In fact, we achieved record earnings by growing our EBITDA by 5% to HK$7 billion in 2014.
I am very proud of our team s ability to constantly adapt and respond to the rapidly changing external environment with a focus on improving our customer s experience.
We believe that the recent market correction has laid a foundation for sustainable growth. We remain extremely optimistic for the long term growth of the Macau market, particularly in the mass segment. We expect MGM MACAU to continue to be a leader in this segment due to our dedication to being a high quality operator while continuing to enhance the hospitality and gaming experience for our 
For example, at MGM MACAU, we have embarked on a multi-year project of reinvention, which includes redesigning the main floor layout to improve traffic flow and operating efficiencies, and introducing a wide range of attractive retail brands and re-conceptualizing our food and beverage offerings to add capacity and diversity. We are committed to improving and innovating our products and services to create unique and memorable experiences for our customers.
At MGM China, we strongly support the vision of the Macau government for diversification. We have invested in various programs to promote public interest in art and culture and to reinforce Macau s status as an international city where globally influential artworks are appreciated and studied.
In 2014, in collaboration with the Civic and Municipal Affairs Bureau, the Macau Museum of Art, the Consulate General of France in Hong Kong and Macau, and La Biennale des Lions, we sponsored the exhibition of the Biennial of the Lions , the 10th year of the dynamic fair and its debut in Asia. The exhibition featured 50 different lion sculptures in celebration of the 50th anniversary of the diplomatic relations between China and France. These colorful and unique lion sculptures were the elaborate work by more than 50 French and Chinese artists and were displayed all around MGM MACAU and the landmarks of Macau.
Chairperson s Statement At the MGM Art Space, world-class art collections have been on display for local Macau citizens and tourists alike to view. During the year, MGM hosted a spectacular exhibition featuring Florentine Renaissance artist Sandro Botticelli s life, legend and his enduring master piece Venus . In addition, in the same space, we also held Red Sandalwood Art Exhibition of Old Beijing Gates to commemorate the 15th Anniversary of Macau S.A.R. Establishment Day and to promote traditional Chinese culture. The exhibition revived the ancient charm of old Beijing city among the viewers through sublime red sandalwood craftsmanship and fostered cultural exchange between Macau and her motherland.
Over the past couple of years, at MGM MACAU, we have transformed the Grande Praa atrium into a popular attraction for many tourists and locals. Following the live butterfly show in 2013, we have built MGM Water Aurora , featuring an eight-meter tall aquarium with fish darting among multi- hued corals. In March at Grande Praa, we will showcase a major exhibition of new monumental work by world- renowned Portuguese artist Joana Vasconcelos specifically created to complement the aquarium. This latest visionary art work reflects on Macau s integral role in the 500 year history of trade between China, Portugal and the rest of the world. It continues in this spirit to promote culturally diverse exchanges that reflect Macau s offer as a cultural destination of 
Confident in Macau s future, we are building MGM Cotai to expand our presence in Macau. MGM Cotai will nearly quadruple our room base and triple our area allowing us to develop impressive amenities for our guests and tourists.
The property will feature a state-of-the-art theater offering a variety of shows and performances, which will serve to further position Macau as a world class entertainment provider. Our Cotai development will showcase distinctive and luxurious touches that will propel the MGM experience to new and 
At MGM China, we are fully committed to identifying and developing local talent. More than 80% of the management team are local employees and we are looking to increase this percentage as our business grows, particularly with the opening of Cotai. As part of our efforts to help local college graduates to launch their career, we have introduced the Management Associate Program (MAP), a pioneering graduate development program that allows Macau graduates to spend one year at MGM Resorts International s properties in Las Vegas to gain valuable leadership and hands-on experience before returning to Macau to assume a managerial role with MGM China. In addition to MAP, in order to promote existing local team members to management positions, we have developed an intensive 15-month training program called MGM PRIDE for high-potential local employees to understand various aspects of the operations. To culminate the program, the participants will also fly to Las Vegas to obtain further operational experience and to gain insights into the diversified business model of destination resorts.
At MGM China, we are also strongly committed to our local community. As a proactive member of the Macau community, supporting and investing in local development is a cornerstone of our business. In 2014, we held 37 different community activities donating more than 5,100 hours to better our community and support the less fortunate. By donating our time, talents, skills and resources to those in need, we hope to make Macau a better place to work and live.
As I have stated earlier, we are still in the middle of a market evolution. While the start of 2015 has continued to experience the changes started in 2014, we are confident that we have robust and responsive strategies that will allow us to seize opportunities for growth and to remain competitive.
We will continue to invest in our physical assets, our people and our community to contribute to the diversification of 
James J. Murren 
