We are adapting our business to the current conditions. our goal is to drive revenue across the business with a focus on main floor customers, which is where we see the most opportunity at present. We are also redesigning our main floor layout to improve traffic flow and operating efficiencies. Beyond this, we are committed to continuing to bring exciting and memorable events to our property in support of Macau Government s vision for diversification and developing the city as a world-class tourism destination.
CHaIrperson s statement JaMes Joseph Murren 
As eight is an auspicious number in Asia, we are proud to celebrate our eighth year in operations in 2015. During our eight years in Macau, MGM China has achieved great business milestones, including: The 2007 opening of MGM Macau, the 2011 IPO of MGM China Holdings Limited on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and paid our first dividend to shareholders in 2012, in 2013 we were awarded the land concession to develop our second property in Macau and we broke ground on MGM COTAI, in 2015 we celebrated the topping off of MGM COTAI and were awarded Most Honored Company in the gaming and lodging sector by Institutional Investor .
Over the past eight years, MGM has also established itself as a Macau business with a genuine commitment to the local community. Our staff of approximately 5,800 is approximately 80% local, as is our management team. MGM has invested in the diversification of Macau by bringing world class art to both entertain our local community and drive international visitation. Over the years we have brought Sandro Botticelli, the Biennial of the Lions, Red Sandalwood Art Exhibition, and more recently contemporary Portuguese artist Joana Vasconcelos to MGM MACAU. Investing in our local businesses has also been a consistent priority with over 80% of our procurement going to local Macau businesses.
This year we took our focus on local small and medium sized enterprises a step further by hosting our first in a series of quarterly business matching sessions and initiating the MGM Small and Medium- sized Enterprise Advisory Committee.
We take great pride in both our financial and social achievements over the past eight years in Macau. However, more recently the market has been significantly challenging as it goes through a transition period. While from our first year of opening our management team improved the Adjusted CHaIrperson s statement EBITDA of MGM China by a multiple of over six times to a record of HK$7.1 billion in 2014, making MGM the most profitable property in terms of EBITDA per room in the market, 2015 was a difficult year with market GGR down 34%. MGM was able to manage through this with sharp cost adjustments and focus by our management team, allowing us to maintain margins despite the rapid adjustments in the Macau market.
We are adapting our business to the current conditions. Our goal is to drive revenue across the business with a focus on main floor customers, which is where we see the most opportunity at present. We are also redesigning our main floor layout to improve traffic flow and operating efficiencies. Beyond this, we are committed to continuing to bring exciting and memorable events to our property in support of Macau Government s vision for diversification and developing the city as a world-class tourism 
2016 will be an exciting year for MGM. While we continue to manage costs and run our operations in a disciplined manner, we are ramping up in preparation for the launch of our second resort in Macau, MGM COTAI. With the integrated resort having topped off in November 2015, we now expect to celebrate the opening of the iconic building in Macau by the end of the first quarter 2017. MGM has always created its own energy and excitement. When completed, MGM COTAI in March 2016 our new resort will provide a truly unique MGM experience with approximately 1,500 hotel rooms, up to 1,500 slot machines and 500 gaming tables.
I am certain the opening of MGM COTAI will bring never been seen before experiences to the visitors of 
MGM as a brand is synonymous with entertainment.
With almost twice the square footage of what we have at MGM MACAU, MGM COTAI s scale will allow us to develop what we are known for around the world with diversified entertainment offerings.
Our theater will be a transformable space, the first of its kind in Asia and the only in the world at this scale, offering a wide range of entertainment to draw visitors from around the world. Our Spectacle, situated at the heart of the resort, will be enriched with incredible experiential technology elements to wow our guests. MGM COTAI will represent what we are known for and Make Great Moments for our 
We look forward to a future of growth and prosperity with our team members and the Macau community.
James J. murren 
