CHAIRPERSON’S
2017 will be a transformational year for
MGM, our team of employees will double as
will our scale and operation in Macau. With
almost twice the square footage of what
we have at MGM MACAU, MGM COTAI’s
scale will allow us to develop what we are
known for around the world with diversified
entertainment offerings.
Dear Shareholders,
2016 has been a year of stabilization and
development both for the Macau marketplace and
for our Company. Macau gross gaming revenue
finished with a slight decline of 3.3% from last year 
and reached HK$216.7 billion. Importantly, the market
showed improvement as the year went on with gross
gaming revenue in the second half up 6% yearover-year.
Mass gaming revenue was also a bright
spot with estimated growth of 7% in 2016. The solid
recovery in mass market allows us better footing as
we prepare for the opening of MGM COTAI in 2017.
MGM Resorts International has shown its conviction in
the long term opportunity of MGM China by investing
in an incremental 4.95% of the Company, taking its
ownership to approximately 56%. We continue to
believe in the future of the Macau marketplace and
are confident in ongoing success of MGM China as
we expand into Cotai in 2017.
At MGM MACAU we continue to manage costs and
run our operations in a disciplined manner, whilst we
are ramping up in preparation for the launch of MGM
COTAI. This discipline has allowed us to expand
margins in a challenging and evolving marketplace. In
2016 MGM China adjusted EBITDA margin improved
by 290 basis points year-over-year to 30.1%.
We are adapting our business to current conditions.
Strategically we are focused on driving revenue
across the business with a focus on main floor
customers, which is where we see the most
opportunity. We are in the process of redesigning and
refurnishing our main floor layout in MGM MACAU to
improve traffic flow and operating efficiencies. We
are diversifying our business by adding retail outlets
and will open new and improved food and beverage
outlets in 2017. Beyond this, we are committed to
continuing to bring exciting and memorable events to
our property in support of the Macau Government’s
vision for diversification and developing the city as a
world-class tourism destination.
MGM China continues to be recognized for its
support of the local community, our team members
and the environment. We have one of the best
Human Resources teams in the region and this
year we were recognized with five awards from
the Macau-based Human Resources Magazine.
The Company delivered nearly 270,000 hours of
training in 2016, representing 45 hours for each team
member, preparing for promotion and training of our
staff leading up to the opening of MGM COTAI. We
grew our business with local small and medium sized
enterprises by MOP155 million.
Our commitment to environmental sustainability was
marked by the achievement of inclusion in the Hang
Seng Sustainability Index for MGM China Holdings
Limited. Also MGM COTAI was awarded with the China
Green Building (Macau) Design Label for making our
property the largest ever to achieve this status.
2017 will be a transformational year for MGM, our
team of employees will double as will our scale
and operation in Macau. With almost twice the
square footage of what we have at MGM MACAU,
MGM COTAI’s scale will allow us to develop what
we are known for around the world with diversified
entertainment offerings. Our theater will be a
transformable space, the first of its kind in Asia and
the only one of its kind in the world at this size,
offering a wide range of entertainment to draw
visitors from around the world. Our Spectacle,
situated at the heart of the resort, will be enriched
with incredible experiential technology elements to
wow our guests.
When completed, our new resort will provide a truly
unique MGM experience with approximately 1,400 
hotel rooms, up to 500 gaming tables and 1,500 slot
machines. I am certain the opening of MGM COTAI
will bring never been seen before experiences to the
visitors of Macau.
We look forward to an extraordinary year for our
Company in 2017.
James J. Murren
Chairperson