CHAIRPERSON S STATEMENT We continue to reinvest, enhance and modernize our market-leading assets to strengthen our competitive position for the future.

In our business, we don t leave things to chance. In order to succeed and deliver sustainable results for you, our shareholders, we are driven by a constant desire to excel 
Our successful IPO on June 3, 2011 was the culmination of four years of hard work. Hard work which in 2011 produced a very pleasing result in terms of our financial performance and confirmed the enormous progress we ve made in growing our business in a sustainable way for all our shareholders and employees.
Through the payment of a special dividend this year, we are delighted to be able to share our success with you and at the same time we can assure you that this does not come at the cost of future expansion at our current property and beyond, which are financially supported from our operating cash flow and existing credit facilities.
Our healthy financial position is strengthened by our ongoing initiatives to manage costs and improve productivity. They are also a result of a successful marketing strategy to widen our customer base, through a string of promotions, celebrity events and strategic alliances both within our MGM family and with key external brand partners. Through strategic deployment of our resources, we look forward to maintaining a strong balance sheet and positioning ourselves for future sustainable growth.
With regards to our Cotai project, the planning and financing are well advanced so as to create what will be a uniquely MGM experience featuring exciting elements which will enhance our competitiveness and support the diversification of the Macau market as a whole. While the exact timing of when this project will commence is dependent on approvals from the Macau SAR government we continue to refine our design to ensure that we are ready to proceed as soon as these approvals are received.
In addition, we continue to reinvest, enhance and modernize our market-leading assets to strengthen our competitive position for the future. The Macau market is very competitive. Our customers are becoming more demanding in terms of expecting quality and innovation. Over the next twelve to eighteen months we will be enhancing our product offering at MGM MACAU with a new concept Chinese restaurant as well as upgrading and expanding our gaming and entertainment areas.
With all the outstanding achievements we ve made over the years, we recognize that our most valuable assets are our people. We will continue to do our utmost to cultivate a positive working environment, to invest in training and to make room for our team members to grow. Through the MGM Academy, we provide ongoing learning opportunities that empower our team members to achieve both their personal and professional goals.
A vast majority of our team members have deep roots in Macau and it is very encouraging to see we have one of the most active and energized volunteer teams in Macau. The MGM Volunteer Program, established in 2010, provides opportunities for our team members to give back to the community, and one of our main goals is to help build a brighter future for Macau. As a company, we also set aside significant resources to support the community in a number of areas of interests, with a particular emphases on education, youth and senior citizen support . To cultivate the next generation of business leaders, we have been working with the major local tertiary institutions to provide scholarship and internship opportunities for local students.
It has been a landmark year for all of us at MGM CHINA and I d like to take this opportunity to thank our team members for their many and ongoing efforts in building a solid foundation so that we all may benefit from the prosperous future that lays 
Thank you all for the confidence you ve placed in MGM CHINA.
Pansy Catilina Chiu King Ho 
