Chairman s Statement 
We see new trends and opportunities emerging in 2012 as we continue to grow our filament yarn business and expand into BOPET business.

Sze Tin Yau Chairman of the Board 
Billion Fujian was founded when Mr. Wu Jinbiao and I witnessed the emergence of the textile and apparel industries in Southern China 9 years ago.
We anticipated that the demand of domestic textile consumption would grow rapidly as China was sustaining rapid economic growth and rising per- capita disposable income. Since then, Billion Fujian has grown from a polyester filament yarns manufacturer with designed capacity of 200 thousand TPY to the largest polyester filament yarn manufacturer in Southern China in terms of designed capacity. In continuation of that success and with the support of all our shareholders ( Shareholders ), Billion was successfully listed on the Main Board the Stock Exchange on 18 May 2011 and became a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Composite Index on 5 September 2011.
2011 was a turbulent year for the chemical fiber, textile, and apparel industries with unstable commodity prices and continued uncertainty in the global economy. Despite all the challenges, we were able to deliver a solid performance with record sales and profits, as well as stable gross margins thanks to our long-term investment in research and development and our prudent portfolio 
Revenue increased 40.5% year over year to RMB6.1 billion.
Gross profit increased 109.9% year over year to RMB1.3 billion.
Net profit increased 102.6% year over year to RMB0.9 billion.
More remarkably, these results were accomplished in the midst of the world s worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. We believe that this is the result of our strategic focus on research and development to produce differentiated polyester filament yarns, and our relentless focus on maintaining close relationships with our clients. In 2011, our differentiated products contributed 67.1% of our sales, helping us continue to maintain a leading position in the industry. Even though uncertainties existed in the growth of some sportswear apparels companies, we see signs of continued growth in the market for brand apparels, outdoor products, and home textiles with substantial backlog orders from their Spring Summer sales fairs. Hence, we believe that our diversified product portfolios in the filament yarn segment will continue to generate strong cash flows for Billion, helping us keep our expansion plans on track and support our strategic investments.
We see new trends and opportunities emerging in 2012 as we continue to grow our filament yarn business and expand into BOPET business. In 2011, we announced we would invest RMB1,937 million to move into eco-friendly polyester thin films (BOPET, Biaxially-oriented polyethylene terephthalate) business. Designed capacity of our BOPET production lines will reach 255 thousand TPY after completion of these investments, which will make us the largest BOPET producer in 
Southern China. The new BOPET can be applied to food packaging, consumer electronics, solar industry, etc. With years of experience in working very closely with our clients, Billion is uniquely positioned to collaborate with clients and business partners to address the challenges brought by rapid economic growth and the resulting opportunities for growth and value creation for our clients and shareholders. We believe that people will be more concerned with food safety and environment issues as their living standards increased, and will tend to purchase more packaged, safe, and eco-friendly products in supermarkets, rather than in traditional wet markets. Eventually, safe and eco-friendly products may sell at premium.
Management will continue to prudently make strategic investments to maintain rapid growth in our business and ensure we always give priority to our shareholder s interests. The board of directors of the Company (the Board ) and management engaged professional parties to conduct two market and product researches before we decided to invest to make sure this investment plan, with its advanced technologies and facilities, is profitable, feasible, and encouraged by government policies. We believe this investment is directly aligned with the trend of growing concerns about food safety and environmental issues, and hope this new venture will become a second growth driver for the company in the next few years. Our BOPET business will first focus on industries with large market potential, like food packaging and consumer electronics. We believe we will continue to benefit from our strategic location close to many food producers in Southern China. We expect this new segment will further enrich our product portfolio, optimize product mix, increase overall profit margin, and diversify product concentration risks. As BOPET mostly uses the same purified terephthalic acid (PTA) and mono ethylene glycol (MEG) as raw material, higher procurement volumes 
will also ensure supply stability of raw materials and higher utilization rates.
As always, we will focus on honouring our promises to our investors and the capital markets. In the polyester filament yarn segment, we will further optimize our product mix, continue our investment in research, develop more differentiated products in collaboration with our clients and, certainly, stabilize or increase the overall profit margin for this segment. As for BOPET, our new production line will commence operations in May 2012. A management team and professionals with relevant background and years of experience in the business have been engaged. The sales force has also started to reach out potential customers in the region. We believe our investment and expansion will pay off financially in the future.
Thank you for believing in us and for investing in the future of Billion. The management of Billion and I will work hard to further create value for our shareholders, customers, and employees.
Sze Tin Yau Chairman of the Board 28 February 2012 
Existing Production Site 
New Production Site 
Situated in the Fenglin Industrial Zone, Longhu Town, Jinjiang City, Fujian Province, the PRC Construction Area: Approximately 410,000 square meters Site Area: Approximately 275,400 square meters 
Located at Jinnan Industrial Zone, approximately two kilometers away from the existing production site Construction Area: Approximately 532,500 square meters Site Area: Approximately 500,000 square meters 
As at 31 December 2011 FDY+POY : 475,000 TPY DTY : 350,000 TPY Designed Capacity will be increased to: By the end of 2012 FDY+POY : 580,000 TPY DTY : 493,000 TPY BOPET : 36,500 TPY By the end of 2013 FDY+POY : 785,000 TPY DTY : 493,000 TPY BOPET : 36,500 TPY As at 31 December 2011 By the end of 2014 
BOPET Chips:72,500 TPY 
