Chairman s Statement 
The Group will further enhance its production efficiency and product quality, increase the investment on brand building and continue to increase the added values of our products and brands in order to develop and establish enterprise 
Sze Tin Yau Co-chairman of the Board 
To all shareholders, On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of the Company, I am pleased to present the results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2014.
2014 was also a challenging year for the chemical fiber industry. Amid global economy s slow recovery, decelerating PRC economic growth and chemical fiber industry downturn, the Group has always adhered to the vision of aspiring to be the world s premier supplier of consumer products, providing eco-friendly products for the public and continued to enhance the development of differentiated chemical fiber and functional environmentally-friendly polyester thin film products. Following the proposal of an 
unconditional mandatory cash offer to acquire the shares of the Company on 13 January 2014 by Hong Kong (Rong An) Investment Limited ( Hong Kong Rong An ), a substantial shareholder of the Company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of CECEP Chongqing, which is in turn a subsidiary of CECEP, the largest state-owned enterprise in the PRC specializing in energy-saving and environmental protection projects, the relationship between the Group and our strategic partner, CECEP has become closer in terms of co-operation opportunities and synergy effects. By integrating our clear position and under our management s far-reaching vision and close cooperation, the Group has maintained a stable development despite a downturn in the chemical fiber industry.

Looking back into the past year, the profitability of the chemical fiber industry stayed at a historically low level. During the year, market prices of our major raw materials, namely, purified terephthalic acid ( PTA ) and mono ethylene glycol ( MEG ), went down significantly as a result of the significant decrease in crude oil price, and this had directly affected our product price trend.
The prices of chemical fiber products gradually became stable since the rebound of crude oil price started in late January 2015. Furthermore, as the challenges faced by China s export industry remained and the global economy has been recovering in a slow pace, China s textile products export remained weak in 2014, while domestic sales of apparel, footwear and home textile products remained stable overall. However, as consumer confidence and income growth rate in general remained low and had limited room for growth, coupled with the frequent fluctuations in the market prices of bulky commodities, the price and profitability of our products declined to different extents despite there having been a strong market demand for our products, and the fact that the Group s sales volume and sales amount still maintained a steady growth during 
The Group is the largest polyester filament yarns enterprise in southern China. The Group s significant investments in production facilities and other aspects have been among the top in the industry. Apart from pursuing the economies 
of scale, the Group will further enhance its production efficiency and product quality, increase the investment on brand building and continue to increase the added values of our products and brands in order to develop and establish enterprise soft power. The Group will continue to enhance new market expansion to realize business growth, and integrate with national planning and policies for the chemical fiber industry and polyester thin film industry. Meanwhile, the Group will monitor upstream resources, track and reserve technologies for upstream raw materials, such as renewable materials, bio-based materials, etc, as well as raising the proportion of recyclable products. In 2014, the Group s self- developed project of melt-direct spinning oil- free wasted filament line-adding and its high quality functional manufacturing technology 
TRSPbS|v was regarded as the 2014 regional major projects of science and technology in Fujian ProvinceywNNVt @SW'Yybv . The project is of significance to the large-scale utilisation of polyester oil-free wasted filament, enhancement of renewable fiber quality and establishment of fiber to fiber recycle development model in the chemical fiber industry. In order to ensure its long-term growth, the Group will further intensify its research and development, continue to explore new application sectors, and strengthen the utilisation of modern technologies, thereby realising our product 
The Group will continue to invest more in research and development to enhance our research and development capability, and continue to adopt more advanced equipments to produce differentiated chemical fiber products and polyester thin film products which can attract a strong demand, have special performance and functions and are environmental-friendly.
The Group will also reduce waste products and enhance product quality. The Group has been paying high attention to marketing channel expansion and customer services. To fully meet our customers differentiated demands, we constantly adjust our product structure, optimize our product mix and provide individualized product development services. We constantly improve our service standards and closely track market technology innovation and product trends in the market. We expect that the synergy effect of our cooperation with CECEP in new products as well as in the research and development area will progressively increase. On this basis, the Group will launch more quality products conducive to both consumers health and ecology in the future, while strengthening the efforts in promoting the application of the five key elements, namely, ecology, fashion, function, environmental protection, as well as science and technology to 
In 2014, the Group s export sales grew by 30.2% and was selected as the China Export Leading Indicator -N W Y Q S HQ c xe (ELI) published by the General Administration of Customs of the People s Republic of China ( PRC ), demonstrating that the Group s brands have won further recognition in overseas markets.
The Group had cemented its market presence in Fujian Province and Guangdong Province by leveraging on its advantages of having the largest polyester fiber production base in southern China, and continued to expand its overseas market shares, improved service quality and brand recognition during the year under review. The Group sold its products to a number of overseas countries, including Turkey, Italy, Belgium, United States and Spain. At the same time, the Group further expanded its overseas emerging markets, such as Russia, Poland and Brazil.

With the arrival of polyester melt polymerization equipment Z o q Z T - P one after another, their installation are underway. As at 31 December 2014, our designed production capacity of polyester thin films was 36,500 tons per year.
The installation of our second and third polyester thin film production lines were completed in December 2014 and the machines are currently at the commissioning stage, while our fourth and fifth production lines are still under construction.
Pending the installation and commissioning of the second to fifth production lines which are expected to complete in 2015, our total production capacity of polyester thin films will reach 255,000 tons per year, and the Group will become the largest polyester thin film production enterprise in southern China based in Fujian Province. The Group positioned its polyester thin film products at the domestic high-end functional polyester thin film market. Such products were applied on soft packaging, composite printing, electronic appliances, clothing and apparel, safety energy-saving and other sectors. Our production workshops have implemented purification workshop management, meeting the stringent environmental requirements for the production of various thin films, and have been vigorously developing new environmental-friendly polyester thin film products which can be applied in various sectors. Due to its wide application, polyester thin film enjoys a strong market demand, and the management believes that the Group s polyester thin film business will become one of the drivers of the Group s sales volume growth and will better balance the Group s product mix and reduce the risk brought by industry concentration.

The Group will continue to improve our product quality and develop high value-added differentiated products. During the year under review, the Group s product differentiation rate reached 65.0%. Such a high rate ensures our competitiveness in the market and is also a key factor contributing to the steady growth of the Group s sales volume and sales value. The Group is currently a national high-tech enterprise and a national research and development base for polyester fiber products with functional differentiation. The Group owns laboratories with national certifications and national enterprise technology centers. The Group has a first-class technology research and development team with various products and technologies development efforts reaching both domestic and the world s leading standards, and owns certain patents. At the same time, most of our key equipments are imported from Germany and Japan which are of international first-class equipment standards. High quality equipments provide the Group with strong guarantee of product innovation and technology 
During the year under review, expenditures involved in our investing activities amounted to RMB718 million, resulting in net current liabilities of RMB381 million as at 31 December 2014. Such investments in the plants and equipment of the Group will further expand our corporate scale and generate a larger net cash flow from our future operation, which in turn will bring better returns for our shareholders in the long run. In addition, the Group s debt-to-equity ratio (calculated by dividing total assets by total liabilities) was 2.1 times, and the overall liabilities remained at a 
On 13 January 2014, Hong Kong Rong An made an unconditional mandatory cash offer to acquire the shares of the Company. Such move has fully demonstrated the confidence of Hong Kong Rong An and its holding companies in the chemical fiber industry, as well as the business prospect of the 
From July to December 2014, the Company repurchased 14,508,000 of its shares from the secondary market, representing approximately 0.7% of the total issued share capital of the Company prior to the repurchases. Given the overall market downturn and the reduction in holding industrial capital in general, such move has fully demonstrated the confidence of the Company s management in the operations and future prospect of the Group.
China s economy has entered into a new normal state the growth rate of which has changed from being high to medium to high. Looking forward into 2015, as China s economic growth will lead to stable employment and with domestic demand and net export showing signs of recovery, this will create a macro environment for steady operations of the chemical fiber industry. In addition, following the recovery of crude oil price, the industry s profitability will gradually become stable. In order to strengthen risk management and maintain stability of operations, the Group will endeavour to improve internal control management. Moreover, with its excellent management team, the Group can timely grasp market development trend, understand market demand, and actively launch new products to meet the market demand. Armed with strong 
technical strengths and financial resources, our management will capture the development opportunities to further expand the Group s scale.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I hereby wish to thank all our shareholders and business partners for their trust on us and for investing in the future of the Group. The management of the Group and I will continue to lead the Group to move forward and work diligently to further create value for our shareholders, customers, and employees, and strive to bring better returns for all shareholders.
Sze Tin Yau Co-chairman of the Board 31 March 2015 
Sales volume recorded a year-on-year increase of 22.3% to 642,706 tons Revenue recorded a year-on-year increase of 2.4% to RMB6,301,466,000 Gross profit recorded a year-on-year decrease of 19.4% to RMB585,925,000 Profit for the year recorded a year-on-year decrease of 43.2% to RMB203,545,000 
Existing production site Situated in the Fenglin Industrial Zone, Longhu Town, Jinjiang City, Fujian Province, PRC Construction Area: Approximately 410,000 square meters Site Area: Approximately 275,400 square meters 
New production site under construction Located at Jinnan Industrial Zone, approximately two kilometers away from the existing production site Construction Area: Approximately 532,500 square meters Site Area: Approximately 500,000 square meters 
Designed Capacity: Designed Capacity will be: As at 31 December 2011 As at 31 December 2012 As at 31 December 2013 and 2014 By the end of 2015 FDY+POY : 475,000 tons per year DTY : 350,000 tons per year FDY+POY : 580,000 tons per year DTY : 415,000 tons per year BOPET : 36,500 tons per year FDY+POY : 785,000 tons per year DTY : 493,000 tons per year BOPET : 36,500 tons per year FDY+POY : 785,000 tons per year DTY : 493,000 tons per year BOPET : 182,500 tons per year BOPET Chips : 72,500 tons per year 
