Chairman s Statement 
In order to ensure its long-term growth, the Group will further intensify its research and development, continue to explore new application sectors, and strengthen the utilisation of modern technologies, thereby realising its product innovation.

2013 continued to be a challenging year for the chemical fiber industry. Amid a retarding economic growth in the PRC and a downturn in the chemical fiber industry during the year, the Group has always adhered to the vision of aspiring to be the world s premier supplier of consumer products, providing eco-friendly products for the public . Following our strategic partnership with CECEP, the largest state-owned enterprise in the PRC specializing in energy-saving and environmental projects, many co-operation opportunities and synergy effects appeared. In addition, with our management s far-reaching vision and close cooperation, our position and goals became clearer and more definite.
Along with the slow recovery of the global economy, the recovery in China s textile and apparel exports continued to be weak. In terms of domestic demand, consumer confidence and income growth rate in general remained low and has limited room for growth. Coupled with the frequent fluctuations in bulky commodities market prices, the price and profitability of chemical fiber products declined in different degrees. Looking back into the past year, the profitability of the chemical fiber industry stayed at a historically low level. Faced with the aforesaid challenges, the Group had experienced a drop in the average selling price during the year. Thanks to the proactive and innovative efforts from our sales force, our sales volume maintained a steady growth during such industry-wide downturn period. As the market price of our major raw materials, being purified terephthalic acid (PTA) and mono ethylene glycol (MEG), decreased, our product selling prices were adjusted to a certain extent as well, resulting in a decrease in gross profit level of the Group.

Sze Tin Yau Co-chairman of the Board 
The Group s significant investments in production facilities and other aspects have been among the top in the industry. Apart from pursuing the benefits of economies of scale, the Group will also focus on quality improvement. Meanwhile, the Group will closely monitor the upstream resources, track and reserve the technologies related to the upstream renewable materials, degradable materials, bio-based materials and other upstream ones, as well as raising the proportion of recyclable and degradable products.
Moreover, the Group will continue to invest more in research and development, and keep developing high value-added and differential products. Following our cooperation with leading enterprises from the downstream of the industry, we constantly improve our service standards, optimise our product mix, and develop new products to cater for the market demands. We expect that the synergy effect of our cooperation with CECEP in new products as well as in the research and development will further become apparent in 2014. On this basis, the Group will launch more quality products conducive to both consumers health and ecology in the future, while strengthening the efforts in promoting the application of five elements, namely, ecology, fashion, function, environmental protection, and science and technology in the products.

On top of its steady and constant expansion in the domestic consumer market, the Group has, on one hand cemented its market presence in Fujian Province and Guangdong Province by leveraging on its advantages of having the largest polyester fiber production base in Southern China, and on the other hand, expanded the markets in Shandong Province and Zhejiang Province, where the Group provides customers with customised products and services. In addition, the Group will further expand the overseas emerging markets.
In 2013, the Group sold its products to a number of overseas countries, including Turkey, Italy, Belgium, Brazil, the United States, Spain and 
The construction of a polyester thin films production factory proceeds as scheduled. As at 31 December 2013, our designed production capacity of polyester thin films was 36,500 tons per annum. Due to strong demands for the polyester thin films, our customers responded Sales volume recorded a year-on-year increase of 11.03% to 525,315 tons Revenue recorded a year-on-year increase of 1.0% to RMB6,152,700,000 Gross profit recorded a year-on-year decrease of 34.4% to RMB726,782,000 Profit for the year recorded a year-on-year decrease of 52.3% to RMB358,341,000 
positively towards our products. According to its plan, the Group will gradually enhance the production capacity of polyester thin films to 255,000 tons per annum by 2014. The management believes that the polyester thin films business will become one of the driving forces for the sales increase of the Group and will also better balance the product portfolio of the Group.
Amid a low growth rate in China s economy and a slow recovery in the global economy, despite the Group s profitability was affected, it still outperformed its competitors in the industry. The Group s capital fund and financing capabilities remain in a good position. In particular, in the challenging environment of the industry this year, the Group still maintained sound ability to control its operational cash flow and capital turnover.
In order to sharpen our competitive edge, the Group will continue to improve its own product quality and develop diverse and differentiated products. During the year, the differentiation rate of our products reached 63.4%, thereby remaining a leader in the industry. The Group is currently a key high-tech enterprise of the State Torch Program and a national research and development base for polyester fiber products with functional differentiation. It also owns laboratories with national certifications 
and national enterprise technology centers.
The higher differentiation rate has ensured our ability to compete in the market, which is also one of the reasons that we maintained a steady growth of sales volume. Looking into 2014, as driven by the PRC s economic development, the employment remains stable, and rural and urban residents income will continue to rise.
Against this backdrop, the domestic demand and consumption of textile and apparel products are expected to maintain a stable growth. In addition, the steady and smooth economic development in Europe and the United States will further accelerate the recovery of the China s foreign trade. As there is very small room for the price difference between chemical fibers and its raw materials to further drift down, the profitability of the industry will stabilise. Armed with the Group s outstanding management team and fueled by its solid technological reserve and financial advantages, the management is in full confidence with respect to the prospect of our business.
During the year, expenditures involved in our investing activities were RMB1,248 million, resulting net current liabilities of RMB318 million as at 31 December 2013. Such investments in the plants and equipment of the Group will further expand our corporate scale and generate a larger net cash flow from our future operation, which 
in turn will bring better returns for shareholders in the long run. In addition, the debt-to-equity ratio (calculated by dividing total assets by total liabilities) was 2.5 times, and the overall liabilities remained at a stable level.
Looking forward, the Group s investment and capacity expansion plan will still progress orderly.
Save for pursuing the economies of scale effect, the Group will also shift its focus to improving product quality. In order to ensure its long- term growth, the Group will further intensify its research and development, continue to explore new application sectors, and strengthen the utilisation of modern technologies, thereby realising its product innovation.
In January 2013, the Company repurchased 76,000,000 its shares from the secondary market, representing approximately 3.3% of the total issued share capital of the Company prior to the repurchase. Under the background of overall market downturn and the reduction in holding industrial capital in general, such move has fully demonstrated the confidence of the the Company s management in the operations and future prospect of the Group.

On 13 January 2014, Hong Kong (Rong An) Investment Limited ( Hong Kong Rong An ), a wholly owned subsidiary of CECEP Chongqing and a substantial shareholder of the Company, proposed an unconditional mandatory cash offer to purchase shares of the Company. Such move has fully demonstrated the confidence of Hong Kong Rong An in the chemical fiber industry, and the business prospect of the Group.
Last but not least, I wish to thank you all for the trust in us and for investing in the future of the Company. The management of the Company and I will work diligently to further create value for our shareholders, customers, and employees, and strive for better returns for all shareholders.
Sze Tin Yau Co-chairman of the Board 31 March 2014 
Existing production site Situated in the Fenglin Industrial Zone, Longhu Town, Jinjiang City, Fujian Province, PRC Construction Area: Approximately 410,000 square meters Site Area: Approximately 275,400 square meters 
New production site under construction Located at Jinnan Industrial Zone, approximately two kilometers away from the existing production site Construction Area: Approximately 532,500 square meters Site Area: Approximately 500,000 square meters 
Designed Capacity: Designed Capacity will be: As at 31 December 2011 As at 31 December 2012 As at 31 December 2013 By the end of 2014 FDY+POY : 475,000 TPY DTY : 350,000 TPY FDY+POY : 580,000 TPY DTY : 415,000 TPY BOPET : 36,500 TPY FDY+POY : 785,000 TPY DTY : 493,000 TPY BOPET : 36,500 TPY FDY+POY : 785,000 TPY DTY : 493,000 TPY BOPET : 182,500 TPY BOPET Chips : 72,500 TPY 
