Chairman s Statement 
We see new trends and opportunities emerging in 2013 as we will continue to grow our filament yarn business and expand into BOPET sector 
In 2012, Billion Group continued successfully its momentum of stable growth. After over a year of listing, the Company formulates strategies according to market changes and conditions to ensure its long-term and sustainable growth. In order to better reciprocate our shareholders, Billion has always adhered to the vision of aspiring to be the world s prime supplier of consumer products, providing eco-friendly products for people to strive for making our enterprise bigger and stronger. In order to better achieve such target, Billion introduced China Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Group ( CECEP ) as its strategic co-operator.
Apart from investing in Billion, CECEP also appointed experienced management to join our Board. The new board of directors has been working closely with the management, which is our foundation to maintain a steady growth in results performance over the past year.
As the biggest state-owned enterprise focusing on energy-saving and environmental projects, CECEP is Billion s ideal strategic co-operator. Both enterprises possess strong research and development capabilities which generate a very comprehensive industrial consumer products application spectrum. Co-operation opportunities and synergy effect between Billion and CECEP exist in many aspects.

After introducing CECEP as our strategic co-operator, we are getting clearer and more definite in product positioning. In the long run, by benefiting from the numerous enterprises under CECEP and the markets that they were in, our results will be improved due to cross sales, channel optimization and other aspects. We expect the synergy effect with CECEP on new products and research and development of products will gradually emerge. As a result, Billion will launch more high quality products which are beneficial to consumer health and ecological environment. I believe the new co-operative partner will help us to develop our enterprise well and improve the returns to all the shareholders.
Looking back into the past year, 2012 was still a year full of challenges for the chemical fiber industry as international economic recovery was weak, the demand from international and domestic markets were lack lustre and commodity markets fluctuated frequently.
The on-going increase in labour costs in domestic manufacturing sectors continued to erode corporate profits; textile, apparel, and sporting goods industries were facing difficulties due to overcapacity, high inventory level and weak export predicament. Despite such challenges, Billion was still able to achieve its sales volume which was basically in line with the previous year, and had expanded its market share in key markets.
The prices of the upstream PTA and MEG followed the substantial dip of crude oil prices during the year, which stabilized later, with product selling prices of the Company also made adjustments to a certain extent due to market conditions, thus resulted in a decrease in gross profit level of the Company. However, thanks to our long-term investment in research and development and the prudent management on products portfolio, the differentiated products of the Company were strongly favoured by more customers. The gross profit margin of the differentiated products remained stable, as we optimized our product portfolio and extended our 
Revenue recorded a year-on-year increase of 0.6% to RMB6,091,703,000 Gross profit recorded a year-on-year decrease of 16.3% to RMB1,107,651,000 Net profit recorded a year-on-year decrease of 16.9% to RMB750,479,000 
In the context of the Chinese economy experiencing its low growth rate and the continuous uncertainty of global economic outlook, Billion s stable results again demonstrated that the long-term strategy and development focus of the Company are able to generate high growth and considerable profit for the Company and its shareholders. In 2012, the contribution rate of sales revenue from the differentiated products of Billion reached 68.3%, maintaining its leading position in the industry. The State s determination on economic structure adjustment also allows us to envisage the prospect of upgrading domestic consumption and continuous improvement of textile consumption in the 
In terms of financial performance, the Company has consistently remained sound and healthy. With stable overall liabilities levels, we also continued to implement a prudent inventory management approach and maintained a steady inventory level. As a result, the inventory level of raw materials and finished products declined on a year-on-year basis.
Looking forward, while strengthening its research and development and investment continuously, Billion is always focused on how to achieve return by quickly leveraging on the products with high-tech features and new businesses. While we continue to expand our polyester filament yarns business, we invested strategically to establish a new growth engine for the future. Phase I of our new eco-friendly BOPET, which we planned to invest RMB1,936 million for all phases, was completed in November 2012 with an initial design annual production capacity of about 36,500 tons per annum. Despite multiple challenges like the plant construction and equipment debugging which delayed the timing of putting Phase I into production as scheduled, the investment and production capacity expansion plan for 2013 are still progressing in order.
The initial BOPET products will be provided mainly to the food packaging industry is primarily due to a large number of food production enterprises in the Southern China region currently where the production capacity of new eco-friendly BOPET is still relatively low. Initial market response is good and the Company has sent samples to interested customers for trial production, with the supporting sales team actively marketing in traditional regional markets and overseas markets. In the 
future, we hope our products could be further expanded into product packaging such as daily necessities, beverages, home appliances and medical products.
Lastly, thanks to you all for trusting us and investing in the future of Billion. The management of Billion and I will work diligently to further create value for our shareholders, customers, and employees. Since the beginning of January of 2013, the Company continued to repurchase its shares in the secondary market. Under the background of overall market downturn and the reduction in holding industrial capital in general, such move has fully demonstrated the confidence of the management of the Company on its operations and its future prospect. It can also provide a return to our shareholders. Addressing the needs in continuing the enhancement of research and development, expanding production capacity and developing new products, the Company will formulate a future capital funding plan from a financial cost perspective and abide by a timely and reasonable principle to better reciprocate our shareholders for their support.
Sze Tin Yau Co-chairman of the Board 11 March 2013 
Sze Tin Yau Co-chairman of the Board 
Existing production site 
Situated in the Fenglin Industrial Zone, Longhu Town, Jinjiang City, Fujian Province, PRC Construction Area: Approximately 410,000 square meters Site Area: Approximately 275,400 square meters 
New production site under construction Located at Jinnan Industrial Zone, approximately two kilometers away from the existing production site Construction Area: Approximately 532,500 square meters Site Area: Approximately 500,000 square meters 
Designed Capacity: Designed Capacity will be: As at 31 December 2011 As at 31 December 2012 By the end of 2013 By the end of 2014 FDY+POY : 475,000 TPY FDY+POY : 580,000 TPY FDY+POY : 785,000 TPY FDY+POY : 785,000 TPY DTY : 350,000 TPY DTY : 415,000 TPY DTY : 493,000 TPY DTY : 493,000 TPY BOPET : 36,500 TPY BOPET : 36,500 TPY BOPET : 182,500 TPY BOPET Chips : 72,500 TPY 
