Chairman’s Statement
While the second to the fifth production
lines have formally commenced
operation, the production capacity
of polyester thin films now can reach
255,000 tons per year, and become the
largest polyester thin film production
enterprise in Southern China.
To all shareholders,
On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors
(the “Directors”) of the Company, I am pleased
to present the results of the Group for the year
ended 31 December 2016.
The global economic growth remained stable in
2016. The growth of developed economies in
USA and European countries was stronger than
expected, but the growth rate of emerging market
economies continued to decline. With the support
of the continuous stimulating policies, China’s
economic growth rate kept the development
momentum of “maintaining stability while
achieving a decent growth, making progress while
maintaining stability”. By adhering to the vision
of “aspiring to be the world’s premier supplier of
consumer product materials, providing eco-friendly
products for the public”, the Group continued
to enhance the development of differentiated
chemical fiber and functional environmentallyfriendly
polyester thin film products.
For the polyester filament yarn industry, its supply
and demand layout underwent significant changes
in 2016. In particular, with the recovery of the
differentiated polyester filament yarn industry in
the second half of 2016, the price of polyester
filament yarn went up steadily and the profit of
the Company had improved. On the other hand,
production costs decreased due to the introduction
of new technologies, and with the decrease in
the market prices of our major raw materials,
namely mono ethylene glycol (“MEG”), the price
of chemical fiber products decreased accordingly.
As t h e l a r g e st p o l y e st e r fi l a m e n t y a r n s
manufacturer in Southern China and China’s top
500 private enterprises, the Group has all along
been striving to the integration of differential and
functional polyester filament with high quality
to satisfy the demands of domestic and foreign
brand enterprises, enhance the investment on
brand building and increase the added values
of our products and brands in order to develop
and establish enterprise soft power. The Group
will facilitate its industry to achieve high-end
upgrading from manufacturing to “intelligent
manufac turing” by rel y ing on technology
innovation and to realize the traditional industry
transformation and upgrading to high efficiency
with low consumption by virtue of the automatic
equipment digital i zation, networking and
modularization. The Group will continue to adopt
those equipment with more advanced technology
to produce differentiated chemical fiber and
functional environmentally-friendly polyester thin
film products that are in strong demand and with
special performance and functions, enhance new
market expansion and integrate with national
planning and policies for the chemical fiber
industry and polyester thin film industry. The
Group will target at forging a flagship enterprise
in the polyester new material industry, further
sharpen its competitive edge.
The Group has always paid attention to upstream
resources, tracked and kept technologies for
upstream raw materials, such as renewable
materials, biodegradable materials, bio-based
materials, etc, as well as raising the proportion of
recyclable products. We were the first to realize
the industrialization technologies of large capacity
polyester trace additive modification, and the
first to propose the applied in-situ polymerizing
technologies in the industry to introduce large
capacity polyester innovation in the industry, as
well as on-line recycling of wasted filament and
wasted film. Such innovation put us in a leading
position in the industry. In addition, by using
lithium bromide, we have recycled polyester
residual steam and were the first to carry out
the spin heat medium electric heating boilers reengineering
under own initiative, and stressed
importance on eco-friendly and low-carbon
development model while producing.
At the same time, the Group is a demonstration
base for energy conservation and emission
reduction. Through cooperation with Jinjiang
Chuanghui Photovoltaic Power Generation
Company（晉江創惠光伏發電公司）, we adopted
the contract energy management model to
construct a photovoltaic power plant with a
capacity of 30MW, which can produce usable
clean energy of 30 million KWH electricity every
year and is energy-saving and cost-reducing. In
addition, through collaboration with Donghua
University, we take the lead to establish a polyester
fiber joint research and development center and
talent training base in the industry. We endeavor
to work together for the development of new
polyester filament yarn products and technologies,
of which, the jointly-developed technology
of “melt direct-spun polyester filament yarn
spinning project analog computer system and
process optimization” has reached internationally
advanced standard.
As regards to market development, during
the year, the Group formulated its marketing
str a t e g i e s b a s e o n p ro d u c t q u a l it y a n d
personalized quality services. With a focus on
customers’ experience, feedback from customers
was timely communicated to the technology
and production center, whereby changing the
unilateral communication previously to bilateral
interaction, and especially focused on fast and
efficient product after-sales services. The Company
has constantly been optimizing settlement
methods and carrying out training on staff to
enable their service consciousness to achieve the
marketing management optimization target. The
products of the Group cover the domestic markets
in Fujian, Guangdong, Shaoxing and Jiaxing in
Zhejiang Province and Shengze, Jiangsu. As to
overseas markets, the Group has established
international sales & marketing network in Europe,
Southeast Asia, North America, South America
and other regions. Our products have been sold to
more than 30 countries such as Portugal, Brazil,
Indonesia, Belgium, Spain, Vietnam, Italy, Turkey,
Korea and Thailand. Our overseas sales accounted
for 6% of the domestic exports in the chemical
fiber industry.
As regards to brand building, through enhancing
the construction of media professional team
during the year, we took full advantage of
domestic and overseas exhibitions, large industry
conferences, etc. to propagate our corporate
philosophies and build our corporate recognition.
Whilst optimizing the VI systems, we continued
to improve corporate brand image and status and
enhance brand building. Furthermore, we stressed
great importance on brand protection and through
timely and firstly registering and our proprietary
brand, applied for the recognition of renowned
trademark to prevent the occurrence of brand
infringement and disputes as well as safeguarding
the proprietary brand. We were enlisted in the
“Brand Evaluation” in 2016, and our brand value
is estimated at RMB900 million.
As regards to talents training, the Group has
stressed great importance on staff orientation
training and on-the-job training as well as
technical training. Not only can our staff in Billion
to learn skills, but they also feel the caring from
colleagues, especially from superiors as a big
family. We believe staff is a key element of our
success, while the balance between work and life,
positive response to staff opinion and competitive
remuneration package are indispensable parts of a
pleasant and rewarding job. We constantly adhere
to the belief of “Human-oriented, Factory is Home
and Co-development” to ensure fair and equitable
protection to all staff (including the management).
During the year under rev iew, the Group
continued to improve our product quality and
develop high value-added and differentiated
products. The Group’s product differentiation
rate reached 64.8%. Such a high rate ensures
our competitiveness in the market and is also a
key factor contributing to the steady growth of
the Group’s sales volume. Moreover, the semiautomated
storage and retrieval system and fully
automated storage and retrieval system in Zone
C of the Group have commenced operation. The
automated storage and retrieval system shortens
the time spent for stock in or stock out, improves
space utilization, increases management efficiency,
saves labor costs, and enables the Group to
package its products in exterior packaging with
a higher quality and further improves the brand
image of the products of the Group.
The Group is currentl y a na tiona l hightech
enterprise and a national research and
development base for polyester fiber products
with functional differentiation. The Group owns
laboratories with national certifications and
national level enterprise technology centers. The
Group has a first-class technology research and
development team with various products and
technologies development efforts reaching both
the domestic and the world’s leading standards,
and owns certain patents. Most of our key
equipment is imported from Germany and Japan
which is of international first-class equipment
standards. High quality equipment provides
the Group with strong guarantee of product
innovation and technology innovation.
The Group completed the entire expansion plan
of functional and environmental polyester thin
films production during the year under review.
While the second to the fifth production lines have
formally commenced operation, the production
capacity of polyester thin films now can reach
255,000 tons per year, and become the largest
polyester thin film production enterprise in
Southern China. The Group has sound regional
advantages. With convenient raw material sources
in the region, the well-developed light industries
such as the apparel, footwear and hats and food
in the downstream sectors have vast demand
for plastic packages. The market capacity within
the region is tremendous. By leveraging on the
favorable geographical advantages, the polyester
thin film business will achieve better development.
During the year under review, expenditure involved
the payment for the purchase of property, plant
and equipment, expenditure on construction in
progress and payment for interests in leasehold
and held for own use under operating lease in our
investing activities amounted to RMB227,299,000,
resulting in the Group’s net current liabilities
of RMB320,851,000 as at 31 December 2016.
In addition, the Group’s debt-to-assets ratio
(calculated by dividing total assets by total
liabilities) was 2.5 times, and the overall liabilities
remained at a stable level. During the year under
review, the Company repurchased 24,368,000 of
its shares from the secondary market, representing
approximately 1.1% of the total issued share
capital of the Company prior to the repurchases.
Such move has fully demonstrated the confidence
of the Company’s management in the operations
and future prospect of the Group.
Through introducing the strategic partner Hong
Kong (Rong An) Investment Limited (“Hong Kong
Rong An”), a substantial shareholder of the
Company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of CECEP
Chongqing, which is in turn a subsidiary of CECEP,
the largest state-owned enterprise in the PRC
specializing in energy-saving and environmental
protection projects, the relationship between the
Group and CECEP has become closer in terms of
co-operation opportunities and synergy.
Looking forward into 2017, along with the
continuous development of the PRC’s economy
towards the pace of “maintaining stability while
achieving a decent growth” and the recovery of
differential polyester filament yarns production,
the profit capacity of chemical fiber industry will
hopefully improve. The Group plans to develop
the overseas polyester bottle chip and polyester
filament yarns businesses in Vietnam. It is
expected that the total investment amount will be
approximately US$65,000,000 and approximately
US$64,000,000, respectively. We believe that it
has good potential to develop the polyester bottle
chip and polyester filament yarns businesses in
Vietnam, while the investments in the plants
and equipment of the Group and the new
investments in Vietnam will benefit the long-term
development of the Group and record favorable
financial returns. The management will capture
various development opportunities, commit to
strengthening the Group’s risk management and
keep steady operations to further expand our
scale, realize business growth and bring better
returns to our shareholders in the long run.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I hereby wish to
thank all our shareholders and business partners
for their trust on us and for investing in the future
of the Group. The management of the Group and
I will continue to lead the Group to move forward
and work diligently to further create value for
our shareholders, customers, and employees, and
strive to bring better returns for all shareholders.
Sze Tin Yau
Co-chairman of the Board
17 March 2017