Chairman s Statement 
The Group will further enhance its production efficiency and product quality, increase the investment on brand building and continue to increase the added values of our products and brands in order to develop and establish enterprise soft power.

Sze Tin Yau Co-chairman of the Board 
To all shareholders, On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of the Company, I am pleased to present the results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2015.
The global economic growth continued to slow down in 2015. With global financial market fluctuation intensifying, commodity prices continued its downturn, and trade protection and currency competitive risk escalated, the momentum of the economic growth of developed economies in USA and European countries had slowed down. The growth rate of emerging market economies declined and the chemical fiber industry was in its downturn period. However, the Group has always adhered to the vision of aspiring to be the world s premier supplier of consumer products, providing eco-friendly products for the public and continued to enhance the development of differentiated chemical fiber and functional environmentally-friendly polyester thin film products.

Looking back into the past year, the profitability of the chemical fiber industry stayed at a historically low level. Market prices of our major raw materials, namely purified terephthalic acid ( PTA ) and mono ethylene glycol ( MEG ), went down as a result of the significant decrease in crude oil price. Therefore, the price of chemical fiber products decreased accordingly, and such decrease had directly affected our product price trend. China s textile products export remained weak in 2015. Although the domestic sales growth rate of apparel, footwear and home furnishings had slowed down, such growth remained stable.
Nevertheless, as consumer confidence and income growth rate in general remained low and had limited room for growth, coupled with the frequent fluctuations in the market prices of bulk commodities, the price of our products declined to different extents despite a strong market demand for our products and a steady growth in the Group s sale volume during the year.

The Group is the largest polyester filament yarns enterprise in Southern China and has all along been striving to enhance its production efficiency and product quality, increase the investment on brand building and continue to increase the added values of our products and brands in order to develop and establish enterprise soft power.
The Group will continue to enhance new market expansion and integrate with national planning and policies for the chemical fiber industry and polyester thin film industry. The Group will target at forging a flagship enterprise in the polyester new material industry, further expand its scale, sharpen its competitive edge and leverage on its manufacturing advantages to enter into the high- end thin film products sector from a high starting point as soon as possible.
The Group has always paid attention to upstream resources, tracked and kept technologies for upstream raw materials, such as renewable materials, bio-based materials, etc, as well as raising the proportion of recyclable products.
We were the first to realize the industrialization technologies of large capacity polyester trace additive modification, and the first to propose the applied in-situ polymerizing technologies in the industry to introduce large capacity polyester innovation in the industry, as well as on-line recycling of wasted filament and wasted film. Such 
innovation enabled us to realize recycling economy and put us in a leading position in the industry.
In addition, by using lithium bromide, we have recycled polyester residual steam and were the first to carry out the spin heat medium electric heating boilers re-engineering under own initiative, and stressed importance on eco-friendly and low- carbon development model while producing.
As regards to market development, during the year, the Group shifted from selling physical products in the past to the marketing strategies of mainly relying on product quality and personalized quality services. With more focus on customers experience, feedback from customers was timely communicated to the technology and production center, whereby changing the unilateral communication previously to bilateral interaction, and especially focused on fast and efficient product after-sales services. The Company has constantly been optimizing settlement methods and carrying out training on staff to enable their service consciousness to achieve the marketing management optimization target.
While consolidating our market share in Fujian and Guangdong Provinces, we will continue to strengthen the market development in emerging markets, improve service quality and brand recognition to increase the proportion of sales to 
As regards to brand building, through enhancing the construction of media professional team during the year, we took full advantage of domestic and overseas exhibitions, large industry conferences, etc. to propagate our corporate philosophies and build our corporate recognition.
Whilst optimizing the VI systems, we continued to improve corporate brand image and status and enhance brand building. Furthermore, we stressed great importance on brand protection and through timely and firstly registering and our proprietary brand applied for the recognition of renowned trademark to prevent the occurrence of brand infringement and disputes as well as safeguarding the proprietary brand.
As regards to talents training, the Group has stressed great importance on staff orientation training and on-the-job training as well as technical training. Not only can our staff in Billion to learn skills, but they also feel the caring from colleagues, especially from superiors as a big 
During the year under review, the Group continued to improve our product quality and develop high value-added and differentiated products. The Group s product differentiation rate reached 63.7%. Such a high rate ensures our competitiveness in the market and is also a key factor contributing to the steady growth of the Group s sales volume.
The Group is currently a national high- tech enterprise and a national research and development base for polyester fiber products with functional differentiation. The Group owns laboratories with national certifications and national level enterprise technology centers. The Group has a first-class technology research and development team with various products and technologies development efforts reaching both the domestic and the world s leading standards, and owns certain patents. At the same time, most of our key equipment is imported from Germany and Japan which is of international first-class equipment standards. High quality equipment provides the Group with strong guarantee of product innovation and technology innovation.

With the arrival of polyester melt polymerization equipmentZoqZT-P one after another, their installation is underway. Upon the completion of the expansion plan of polyester thin films, our total production capacity of polyester thin films will reach 255,000 tons per year, and by that time, we will become the largest polyester thin film production enterprise in Southern China.
The Group has sound regional advantages. With convenient raw material sources in the region, the well-developed light industries such as the apparel, footwear and hats and food in the downstream sectors have vast demand for plastic packages. The market capacity within the region is tremendous.
By leveraging on the favourable geographical advantages, the polyester thin film business will achieve better development.

During the year under review, expenditures involved the payment for the purchase of property, plant and equipment, expenditure on construction in progress and payment for interests in leasehold land held for own use under operating lease in our investing activities amounted to RMB448,658,000, resulting in net current liabilities of RMB420,204,000 as at 31 December 2015. Such investments in the plants and equipment of the Group will further expand our corporate scale and generate a larger net cash flow from our future operation, which in turn will bring better returns for our shareholders in the long run. In addition, the Group s debt-to-equity ratio (calculated by dividing total assets by total liabilities) was 2.4 times, and the overall liabilities remained at a stable level.
In 2015, the Company repurchased 30,332,000 of its shares from the secondary market, representing approximately 1.4% of the total issued share capital of the Company prior to the repurchases.
Given the overall market downturn and the reduction in holding industrial capital in general, such move has fully demonstrated the confidence of the Company s management in the operations and future prospect of the Group.

Through introducing the strategic partner Hong Kong (Rong An) Investment Limited ( Hong Kong Rong An ), a substantial shareholder of the Company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of CECEP Chongqing, which is in turn a subsidiary of CECEP, the largest state-owned enterprise in the PRC specializing in energy-saving and environmental protection projects, the relationship between the Group and CECEP has become closer in terms of co-operation opportunities and synergy.
Together with our clear positioning and under our management s far-reaching vision and close cooperation, the Group has maintained a stable development despite a downturn in the chemical 
Looking forward into 2016, along with the continuous development of the PRC s economy towards the pace of maintaining stability while achieving a decent growth and the increasing growth in people s leisure demand, improvement of domestic consumption ability and desire, there exists a macro environment for steady operations of the chemical fiber industry, which hopefully will improve the profit capacity of the chemical fiber industry. In order to strengthen the risk management and maintain the stability of operations of the Group, the Group will endeavour to improve internal control management. The 
Group will continue to realize business growth through enhancing new market expansion, continuously seeking for opportunities, integrating with national planning and policies for the chemical fiber industry and polyester thin film industry. Finally, on behalf of the Board, I hereby wish to thank all our shareholders and business partners for their trust on us and for investing in the future of the Group. The management of the Group and I will continue to lead the Group to move forward and work diligently to further create value for our shareholders, customers, and employees, and strive to bring better returns for all 
Sze Tin Yau Co-chairman of the Board 18 March 2016 
Sales volume recorded a year-on-year increase of 8.8% to 699,547 tons Revenue recorded a year-on-year decrease of 13.3% to RMB5,461,403,000 Gross profit recorded a year-on-year increase of 0.8% to RMB590,631,000 Profit for the year recorded a year-on-year decrease of 0.8% to RMB201,888,000 
Existing production site Situated in the Fenglin Industrial Zone, Longhu Town, Jinjiang City, Fujian Province, PRC Construction Area: Approximately 410,000 square meters Site Area: Approximately 275,400 square meters 
New production site under construction Located at Jinnan Industrial Zone, approximately two kilometers away from the existing production site Construction Area: Approximately 532,500 square meters Site Area: Approximately 500,000 square meters 
Designed capacity as at 31 December 2015: Upon completion of expansion, designed capacity will be: FDY+POY : 785,000 tons per year DTY : 493,000 tons per year BOPET : 36,500 tons per year FDY+POY : 785,000 tons per year DTY : 493,000 tons per year BOPET : 182,500 tons per year BOPET Chips : 72,500 tons per year 
