CEO s Statement REBUILD CUSTOMER CONFIDENCE 
STRENGTHEN OUR BRAND BY ENHANCED PRODUCT QUALITY 
Chief Executive Officer I present the annual results of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries ( Mengniu or the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2008 to our shareholders.
The China dairy industry had a tough and difficult time in 2008. In the past few years, the industry boomed and achieved rapid growth until September 2008. The milk contamination incident ( the Milk Incident ) revealed that the development of operation practice such as raw materials procurement and transportation lagged behind the industry development. The incident also aroused the China dairy industry concerns over product safety.
Having involved in the dairy business over decades, I witnessed the progressive growth and development of the industry, and I am deeply sorry for the hard hit suffered by the industry, and damage to public health and consumer confidence caused by the incident.
Under the initiatives of the State to rejuvenate the dairy industry, industry players swiftly responded and implemented a series of measures to strengthen product quality control to protect consumers health and safety and to restore public confidence in the industry. It is the principle of the Company to accept more responsibility as a big brand . The Group promptly responded to the government and promised to recall the relevant products. It also installed additional inspection equipment and included additional new testing items for products without delay. Undertaking for Quality Raw Milk ( 0S vYTbf 0) were obtained from raw milk collection centres to ensure the provision of safe milk.
The Group had learnt lessons from the incident and accordingly adopted approach from two perspectives to remove any potential safety hazard in the sourcing process. It continued to cooperate with business partners to increase the scale and number of large-scaled dairy farms, so as to quickly increase the proportion of milk products made from high quality raw milk collected from hi-tech dairy farms. At the same time, the Group implemented stringent inspection on raw milk sourcing including further improvement in the Standards for Raw Milk Inspection and Collection ( 0SvYjWRT6ej n 0) according to the relevant State standards. Global Positioning System (the GPS ) and monitoring devices were installed in raw milk tankers. Management tactics of three-dimension monitoring and a closed operation were in place to ensure milk safety and quality where dedicated persons were assigned to monitor the cattle, to monitor the milk collection centers and to monitor the milk tankers. A closed germ-free system was also in place for raw milk production and transportation.
Apart from ensuring the raw milk safety, the Group took technological initiatives to ensure each and every of its dairy products is safe for consumption. Milk products were produced in a fully-enclosed environment installed with intelligent system controlling the allocation and sterilization of raw milk and mixing of ingredients. Data storage and alarm system were also in place. With respect to product inspection and testing, the Group introduced new testing equipment to conduct tests for more than 30 items, including more than 10 extra items suggested by the Group in addition to those required by the national standards for dairy product safety. The Group also engaged third parties to conduct random or double inspection on finished products to ensure its products are of absolute reliable quality.
To enhance consumers understanding of our products and restore their confidence in Mengniu brand, the Group, following government instruction, arranged consumers and media to visit its production plants. It also launched the Mengniu Milk Safety Project ( 0 [r[rvY[hQ] z 0) inviting 10,000 consumers to be our safety inspectors of Mengniu products. The Group also launched an innovative 24-hour live webcast, the first of its kind in the industry, allowing the public a real time inspection of its production facilities, showing to the public its transparent and modernised management.
Our revenue for the year ended 31 December 2008 increased by 11.9% to RMB23,865 million, whereas net loss attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB948.6 million. Basic loss per share was RMB0.639.
The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board of Directors ) did not recommend payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2008.
Although the China dairy industry and the Group experienced setbacks during the year under review, business development and innovation continued to be the focus of the Group. Leveraging on its research and development capabilities and thorough understanding of niche markets, the Group was able to introduce a variety of functional products that broadened its product portfolio and became the icon of consumption trends.
Revenue from the liquid milk segment was RMB21,068.1 million, accounting for 88.3% of the revenue of the Group, and remained the main source of income of the Group. During the year, the Group added Milk Deluxe Organic Milk (yrO g_jvY) , a new product to the Milk Deluxe series, offering more premium choices to consumers. To tap the tremendous potential in the children dairy products market, the Group enhanced the Future Star (*gOf) series and developed the pure milk product for growing children. It also organized various promotional activities to enhance consumer awareness of importance of dairy nutrition to children s health. Revenue from the ice cream segment was RMB2,626.5 million, accounting for 11% of the revenue of the Group. The Group restructured this segment during the year and built up a new brand with Trendy, Carefree, Pleasant and Youthful image. Revenue from other dairy products segment was RMB170.4 million, accounting for 0.7% of the revenue of the Group. On the back of its new technologies, the Group offered more choices to the market by launching a number of cheese products, including its latest smoke-dried cheese (q vYj) , breakfast cheese series (e|R) and growth cheese series (bw|R) which were well-received by 
The Group is always committed to healthy development of the China dairy industry. During the year under review, the Group continued to make use of its huge resources and extensive network to provide technical support to milk collection centers and raw milk suppliers. The Group also introduced free health services to milk cattle for the first time. During the year, the Group also invited numerous experts and professionals from different fields such as food, dairy products, nutrition and medicine to visit the Group and seminars were held on sustainable and healthy development of the China dairy industry.
Rewarding the society is always our corporate social responsibility. During the year, the Group organized various charitable activities, including the Milk Loving Care campaign, setting up of the Milk Caring Fund of China and donations to snowstorm and earthquake victims in China. Environmental protection is another issue the Group never turns a blind eye to. It took an active part in a carbon dioxide emission reduction campaign and organized events such as Volunteer Cycling Journey to promote green transport and living.
The Group also actively promoted voluntary blood donation and set up the Mengniu Emergency Blood Donation Team ( 0[rWRt_Xa%{s@ 0), which is now one of the largest emergency blood donation teams among the Chinese enterprises.
Looking forward, the Group will strive to rebuild customer confidence and strengthen its brand by improving product quality. The Group will dedicate itself to building of internationalized advanced dairy farms and their infrastructure and provide support to the business of raw milk suppliers, promoting healthy development of the industry, from upstream to downstream. Furthermore, the Group will continue to strengthen the research and development of its proprietary products and improve their taste, functions and packaging, as well as introduce high-end value-added products to fill the market gap and lead the market trend. As a responsible enterprise, the Group will enhance its quality control and inspection to assure consumer confidence. I strongly believe that the lesson learnt last year prepares the China dairy industry for a brighter future and a better tomorrow.
I wish to express my sincere gratitude to different sectors of the society for their unfailing support and encouragement. My team and I will do our very best to establish Mengniu as an excellent brand of China.
Lastly, Mr. Li Jianxin, our Independent Non-executive Director and member of the audit committee and the remuneration committee of the Company, passed away on 20 February 2009 from a heart attack. I express my deepest sorrow and regret on behalf of the Board for losing a valuable member. I also wish to show our gratitude for the contributions made by Mr. Li to the Company during his tenure and convey our consolation to his family.

Chief Executive Officer Hong Kong, 16 April 2009 
