Chairman’s StatementDear Shareholders:
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board” or the “Directors”)
of Shenzhou International Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”),
I hereby am pleased to announce the annual results of the Company
and its subsidiaries (together as the “Group”) for 2016 for your kind
review.
In 2016, textile and apparel industry was confronted with a bigger
challenge. Exports of textile and apparel products of China to
Europe, United States and Japan (top three largest markets)
decreased. In particular, exports to United States dropped for the
first time in the past twenty years. The upward trend of domestic
consumption also declined markedly. A decrease in market demand,
an increase in labor costs and stricter environmental protection
requirements and other factors added a lot of pressure to the
development of the industry. Historically, the low cost of resources
was a major advantage of textile and apparel industry in China.
However, as China’s economy booms, the cost factor has become a
weakness of the industry. Many small and medium-sized enterprises
that are not strong enough to sustain the pressure from the changes
in demands and costs had to pull out of the market, resulting in a
higher market concentration ratio. Leading enterprises in the industry
are speeding up their transformations and upgrades. Technical
innovation, delicacy management, application of informatisation and
automation technologies are what leading enterprises in the industry
are working on. Successfully transformed enterprises are going to
enjoy new development opportunities.The Group has continued to set up new factories abroad during the
year, and the improvement of our production capacity and operating
results are impressive. Manufacturing bases in Mainland China
are becoming more efficient, effectively offsetting the pressure of
increasing cost. We always put customers’ interest in the first place,
and try to offer better and more compressive service to customers.
Our efforts on the management for lean production has effectively
lowered our costs. Thanks to everyone’s efforts, the Group has
managed to perform well even in this difficult industry environment.
Sales revenue and operating results increased ideally. I hereby hope
that investors will appreciate the Group’s achievement and continue
to support the business development strategies of the Group.
For the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group’s sales
revenue and results continued to grow ideally. The annual sales
was RMB15,099,076,000, representing an increase of 19.5%
as compared to 2015. The profit attributable to equity holders
of the Company increased from RMB2,354,664,000 in 2015 to
RMB2,947,673,000 in 2016, representing an increase of 25.2%.
Earnings per share was RMB2.11. As at 31 December 2016, the
Group’s cash and cash equivalents totalled RMB2,105,184,000.
Given that the Group has excellent results and strong financial
position, the Board of the Company proposes to declare a final
dividend of HK$1.20 per share (including a special dividend of
HK$0.35), which equals to approximately RMB1.07 per share.
According to the statistics of China Customs, exports of textile
and apparel products of China dropped for two consecutive years.
Our industry is losing its advantages over others, due to rising
labor costs, heavy taxes and changing trade environment. China’s
rapidly aging population has led to a shrinking labor force and
as the economy grows, the level of remuneration rises as well.
Manufacturing industry which is labor intensive will be confronted
with a rising labor costs for a long time. In addition, many other
developing countries are setting lower tax rates than that of China
to attract foreign investment. Apparel industry is more likely to have
a favourable tax rate from governments because the industry can
create jobs, stimulate exports and obtain foreign exchange. Some
developed economies are paying more attention to its manufacturing
industry for the purpose of boosting their economies. For instance,
the United States plans to recover manufacturing industry by
lowering taxes. Meanwhile, the Government of China pays attention 
to lowering taxes for enterprises. In May 2016, Business Tax was
replaced by Value-Added Tax, helping to relieve the tax burden on
enterprises. The Government is also cancelling inappropriate types
of charge for enterprises. However, China still has a less favourable
tax rate for apparel industry than those of other countries. In terms
of trading environment, the major import markets (e.g., EU, US and
Japan) for apparel have imposed differential duties against China and
some underdeveloped countries, resulting in higher importers’ costs
of procuring products from enterprises in China. Although the United
States has announced to pull out of TPP, this does not mean that the
pressure on exports of China’s apparel products is reduced. It is still
uncertain what kind of trade policy with China the new government
of the United States is going to adopt.
The operational difficulties in this industry are stimulating its
transformation. Under the circumstances, enterprises should make
the most out of what they have already got and be ambitious
about enterprise development. The knitwear industry in China has
a stronger foundation than those of other countries. Lots of talents
have come to this industry during the past years of development.
Enterprises should do their best in innovation. For a longterm
sustainable enterprise development, we should coordinate
population, resources, environment etc. The Government of China
are working on its supply-side structural reform. Some weak and
outdated enterprises will be shut down for an orderly development.
Cross-border transfer of industry will lead to the increase in the
manufacturing costs in receiving countries. China’s market has
the greatest growth potential in the world. Our industry also has
a bright future in domestic market. Enterprises should work on
reducing costs, offering better products and being innovative to
boost consumption. During the industrial transformation, the textile
and apparel industry is likely to create more advantages over other
industries.
The Company continued to provide each professional committee
of the Company with all-rounded support in the past year. The
Board and every committee cooperated closely and communicated
effectively with each other. The results of all the projects that we
worked on were impressive. Members of the Company are in pursuit
of excellent corporate governance and a fair and square decision
making process. We are maintaining a transparent administration to
provide all shareholders and stakeholders with an open channel to
communicate.
I appreciate every director’s great efforts over the past year. I also
would like to thank management personnel and other staff members
for their attentiveness to duties. Thanks to everyone’s dedication, the
Group managed to achieve an impressive growth in such an adverse
operational environment. Operating an enterprise is like a boat
sailing against the current. I hope that management personnel take
what we have already achieved as a beginning and forge ahead. We
should also stick to the principle of “innovation breeds evolution, and
quality always comes first”, aiming to be stronger and contribute to
the sustainable development of our enterprise! I would like to thank
each shareholder, customer and supplier for their lasting trust in the
Company. I hope their ongoing support will continue into the future.
In terms of the strategies for future operation, we will continue to
develop the Group with the concept of “Innovation and Compliance”
in mind. We will also recruit more talents and improve our trainings.
The informatisation of our enterprise management will be brought to
the next level for better management efficiency and better judgment.
The automation level of our production will be enhanced to create
more comfortable working conditions for our staff and lower the
skill requirement for junior personnel. We never stop optimising
our production management, aiming at offering better and greener
products while reducing costs.
The Group will spare no efforts in innovating and evolving. Offering
better and more comprehensive services to our customers is what
we are always after. We also want to sharpen our competitive edges
in the industry, expand the size of our enterprise and increase our
revenue at an ideal pace, aiming at offering shareholders a better
return on investment.
Ma Jianrong
Chairman of the Board
Hong Kong, 27 March 2017