Chairman s Statement 
To All Shareholders, On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Director(s) ) of the Company, I am pleased to announce the annual results of Shenzhou International Group Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ) in 2012 for shareholders 
In 2012, under the unfavourable operating environment, most of the peers in China s textile and garment industry were exposed to much greater operating pressure and were faced with lower profitability due to multiple factors such as raw material prices, labour costs and market demand. During the year, the Group took big steps in further optimizing the layout of its production base, constantly taking an active part in environmental protection and vigorously strengthening its employees welfare, thus laying a firmer foundation for its sustainable corporate development. In 2012, the Group attained relatively more stable operating results, and maintained a more robust financial position. Given this scenario, I would like to take this opportunity to thank the management at all levels and all the employees for their efforts, and to thank all the customers and suppliers for their unceasing support to the Group. At the same time, I would cheer for the investors recognition of the achievement made by the Group in the face of adversity and for their enduring support to the development strategy of the Group.

For the year ended 31 December 2012, the Group was in a sound financial position. Total sales throughout the year amounted to approximately RMB8,937,578,000, representing a slight decrease of 1.2% when compared to 2011. In comparison to profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company of RMB1,703,845,000 for the year ended 31 December 2011, profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2012 decreased by 4.9% to RMB1,620,158,000. Earnings per share amounted to RMB1.24. For the year ended 31 December 2012, the Group had net cash of RMB1,358,179,000.
In light of promising business performance and strong financial position of the Group, the Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.70 per share (including a special dividend of HK$0.20 per share), equivalent to about RMB0.57 per share.
Export value of China s textiles and garments in 2012 recorded an obvious slowdown. According to Chinese Customs statistics, the total export value of China s textile and garment industry (including textile yarn, fabrics and finished products as well as apparel and apparel accessories, the same below) in 2012 was US$254.92 billion, representing an increase of approximately 2.8% over the previous year. The extent of this increase was down by 17 percentage points when compared to 2011. Out of the total export value, the export value of textile products amounted to US$95.78 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.2%. The garment export value rose by about 3.9% to US$159.14 billion on a year-on- year basis. For the first two months ended 28 February 2013, the export value of China s textile and garment products grew by about 31.9%, reflecting signs of rebound in export growth.

The slowdown in growth of the export value of textile and garment products in 2012 was due to the following factors: firstly, the decrease in selling price of the majority of garment products along with the fall in cotton prices from historic high in 2011; secondly, the competitiveness and profitability of the domestic textile and garment enterprises in the international market was affected by the much higher domestic cotton prices in China when compared to the international market; thirdly, the slowdown in global economic growth led to the substantial decrease in demand from the international market, particularly the EU market whose amount of import of textile and garment products from China fell by 11.9% due to the impact of the European debt crisis; fourthly, the shift of part of the purchase orders from China to other low-cost countries by international customers as a result of the continued rise in labour costs in China and the implementation of differentiated trade policies by a number of garment producing clothing countries in respect of major garment import markets including Europe and the United States.
Peers in China s textile and garment industry are facing industry consolidation and trans-regional industry transfer. Some of the small and medium-sized enterprises which enjoyed cost advantages in the past will gradually exit from the market. Environmental protection issues will become increasingly important to the development of the industry. Leveraging on the low labour costs, the strong support of the industry from the government and the relatively favourable trade policies, some countries in Southeast Asia region have undertaken part of the business orders shifted from China. Peers with leading position in China s textile and garment industry should make best use of their distinct edges in technology, management and capital to speed up the adjustment of the layout of their industrial chains and to foster the transformation and upgrading of their products, in order for them to carve out a first-mover advantage in the transformation of the industry and to present a golden opportunity to drive the sustainable corporate development in the future.
In 2013, affected by the monetary easing policies around the world, peers in the textile and garment sector will continue to experience cost pressures brought about by rising prices. And, with the stabilization of the economy, market demand is likely to pick up slightly. The pressure of the appreciation of RMB against the U.S.
dollar has been remarkably reduced following the RMB appreciation for a couple of years. Due to the implementation of cotton collection and storage policy by the Chinese government, the cotton inventory stock in China has hit record high, exceeding the expected consumption volume on a year-round basis. However, the area for cotton plantation may further diminish along with the decrease in income for farmers. Cotton prices are expected to continue to fluctuate within small extent in the short term. The gap between domestic and foreign cotton prices is likely to be narrowed down.

The Board collaborated closely with various dedicated committees during the year. Tasks were performed in line with the Group s overall strategies and goals. Fruitful results were reaped in various tasks. All members of the Company are committed to maintaining highest degree of corporate governance as well as achieving fair and impartial decision-making processes. We will strive for maintaining a high degree of transparency, and pay every effort on providing open channels of communication for all shareholders and investors.
I would like to express sincere gratitude to my fellow Directors for their hard work over the year, and to extend heartfelt thanks to the management at all levels and all the staff for their devotion during the year. The Group s success in maintaining stable business development in a difficult operating environment is attributed to the diligence and dedication of each and every member of us. I would also like to thank our shareholders, customers and suppliers for their enduring trust in the Company. With the support from all of you, I am highly confident in the future development of the Group.
The current operating environment paints a bleak picture for China s garment industry. The Group will strive to capture opportunities amid tough time, and will seek to establish a solid foundation for its long-term development. In relation to our future development, we will further optimize the layout of the industrial chains and promptly enhance the efficiency of our new production bases. We will also step up research and development efforts, enhancing the value of our products, and seeking for larger market share through the offering of high-quality, differentiated products. Efforts will be dedicated to provide customers with services of the best quality, and to tie up closer cooperative relationships with strategic customers.
We will continue to make a move into our goal of blossoming into an enterprise with the strongest competitive edges among our industry peers across the world. We will strive for providing consumers with high-quality, eco-friendly products, and reaping favourable returns for shareholders, in an effort to retain and enhance the Group s leading position in the industry.
Chairman of the Board 
Hong Kong, 25 March 2013 