Chairman s Statement 
Chairman of the Board 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Director(s) ) of Shenzhou International Group Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to announce the annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ) for the year of 2015 for 
In 2015, given the impact of economic downturn, the consumer demand from overseas markets decreased in general while the production costs of corporations in China kept rising and the export amount of China s garment products marked a decrease instead of an increase as recorded last year. In response to the pressure arising from surging costs and the different customs duty policies of countries importing garment products from China, more and more sizeable manufacturing enterprises opted to establish production bases of their own in foreign countries, and the garment industry in China shifted its development focus to detailed management and innovative technologies, thus making the competition within the industry more intense. The Group always upholds the principle of plan in advance to ensure implementation in a reliable way in its operation. In other words, we need to be the first to seize emerging business opportunities on the one hand and to guarantee healthy growth on the other hand. The Group continued to work on the preliminary establishment of fabric plants and garment plants in Vietnam during the year. Accordingly, our overseas production bases have taken the form of a vertically-integrated business model initially, and lean production management has delivered pleasing results by improving the production efficiency of overseas plants significantly, which further enhanced the transformation and upgrading processes based on development concept of innovation and legal compliance . Amidst the gloomy business environment in 2015, the Group managed to deliver satisfactory operating results by registering the highest sales revenue and earnings than ever. I would like to extend my gratitude to all our staff members for their efforts and hope that they can be committed to enhancing the interests of our clients in all aspects, adhere to our business philosophy of quality always comes first and development originates from innovation and provide consumers with products of the best quality.
I also hope that investors will acknowledge our results and render continuous support to the business development strategy of the 
For the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group achieved outstanding growth in sales revenue and operating results. Total sales for the year amounted to approximately RMB12,639,332,000, representing an increase of 13.5% when compared to 2014. The profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2015 amounted to RMB2,354,664,000, representing an increase of 14.0% as compared to RMB2,065,867,000 reported for the year ended 31 December 2014. Earnings per share amounted to RMB1.68. As of 31 December 2015, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of 
In view of the promising business performance and the healthy financial position of the Group, the Board of the Company recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$1.07 per share (including a special dividend of HK$0.35 per share), equivalent to approximately RMB0.90 per share.
According to the statistics compiled by China Customs, the total export value of China s textile and garment products (including textile yarns, fabrics and related products, as well as garments and apparel accessories, similarly hereinafter) for 2015 was US$283.85 billion, representing a decrease of approximately 4.9% over the previous year. Out of the total export value, the export value of textile products amounted to US$109.52 billion, representing a year-on- year decrease of approximately 2.3%; the garment export volume dropped by approximately 6.4% to US$174.33 billion on a year-on- year basis. Among the major textile and garment export markets, the export volume to the U.S. have increased year-on-year by 6.7% while the export volume to the EU and Japan dropped year-on-year by 9.4% and 11.7% respectively. The proportion of China s garment products to the total import volume of their respective markets kept diminishing. Upon the official implementation of the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement (the TPP ), the U.S. market for China s textile and garment products will be adversely affected.

In 2015, the garment industry in China was under suppressed conditions as a whole. Given the ageing population, the size of labour force in China showed a descending trend for years. After years of rapid development, labour costs and prices of raw materials were significantly higher than those of other garment manufacturing nations. The exchange rate of Renminbi against U.S. dollar recorded a moderate depreciation during the year. However, the cumulative appreciation in the exchange rate between Renminbi and other major currencies, including U.S. dollars, Euro and Japanese Yen, recorded since the reform of Renminbi exchange rate mechanism launched in 2005 is still high relatively. EU and Japan have not exhibited explicit signs of economic recovery up till now. In order to address the environmental issues mounted up from the rapid development for decades, especially the impact of air and water pollution on the life quality of people in China, the government of China tightened the regulatory framework and policies in this respect, thereby pushing up the related costs incurred by corporations. Thanks to the lowered demand and the substantial price drop of crude oil, the prices of our raw materials, namely cotton yarn and chemical fibre, were at their historical low, thus alleviating the pressure arising from surging costs of the industry to a certain extent.
In response to the economic downturn, the government of China ramped up its support to the real economy by streamlining the administrative approval procedures, speeding up the grant of approvals, adjusting the taxation policy to alleviate tax burdens of corporations in an effective way, encouraging competitive corporations to establish production plants and invest in foreign countries and taking an active role in inducing and assisting corporations in innovative transformation. In 2015, the central bank of China cut the deposit and lending rates and the reserve requirement ratio for 5 times, thus implying an easier monetary 
The demand in the global market was far from satisfactory, but the growth of Vietnam s garment export trended upward still.
According to statistics of the Vietnam Customs, Vietnam s textile and garment export (excluding textile yarns) for 2015 amounted to about US$22.81 billion, representing an increase of about 9.1% as compared to last year; of which exports to the U.S. amounted to approximately US$10.96 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of about 11.6%. Upon the official implementation of the TPP, products from Vietnam will be much more competitive in the U.S. market. According to statistics of China Customs, fabrics exported to Vietnam from China in 2015 amounted to US$8.16 billion approximately, representing an increase of about 14.6%. Since garment products made in Vietnam still rely on fabrics imported from China, corporations boasting the integrated production model will be highly competitive in Vietnam. In recent years, Vietnam has endeavoured to attract foreign investment, which might push up the prices of raw materials and the labour costs rapidly.
During the year, the Company provided all professional committees with sufficient resources required for performing their respective duties. The Board also collaborated closely with all professional committees and maintained efficient communication between those committees. All these efforts led to fruitful results. Staff members of the Company are committed to the highest standard of corporate governance, and are determined to build a fair and impartial decision-making process. By ensuring a high degree of transparency, the Company will exert every effort to provide an open communication channel for all shareholders and investors.

I would like to express my sincere gratitude towards my fellow Directors for their valuable contributions over the past year. I would also like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to the management staff of all levels, as well as all the staff members for their devotion and loyalty towards the Company. It is your hard work that accomplishes the Group s established target for the year. I hope that all staff members will cherish our fruitful results and uphold our core value of quality always comes first by providing our clients with products of the best quality with our genuine craftsmanship against the backdrop of the challenging market conditions in the future. I would like to thank our shareholders, customers and suppliers for their long- lasting trust in the Company. I hope that we will continue to gain your support in our future development! As to our operating strategy in the future, the Group s sustainable development will take the top priority, and the Group will step up our investment in research and development for the sake of enhancing our ability in innovation, and will also facilitate the plan of automated production and the use of information technology by applying modern technologies, thus securing a larger market share with our efficiency and service quality.
The Group will spare no effort to provide our staff members with promising working environment and a decent career path, and will bring to its customers a more comprehensive service mix, and to create remarkable returns for shareholders.

Chairman of the Board Hong Kong, 21 March 2016 