A decade of dedication to a better future Every day for tomorrow 
Chief Executive Officer I am pleased to present the annual results of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries ( Mengniu or the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2009 to our 
In 2009, riding on China s economic policy attaining the targeted GDP growth of 8% and under the favourable trend of full recovery of Chinese dairy industry, the Group achieved satisfactory results, with both its revenue and profit hitting new record highs in 2009. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the Group s products ranked first again in China in terms of sales volume. Furthermore, Mengniu was ranked 19th in the Report of the Global Dairy Companies 2009 issued by Rabobank Netherlands, and it becomes the first Chinese dairy company to be included among the world s top 20 dairy enterprises, with its brilliant results attracting 
During the year, we further enriched the product portfolio of our high-end functional dairy products and also made relentless efforts to improve our basic product lines in terms of packaging and taste. Our profitability thus made great strides. In 2009, the Group s revenue increased by 7.7% to RMB25,710.5 million and net profit attributable to owners of the Company increased to RMB1,115.8 million. Basic earnings per share were RMB0.681. The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board of Directors ) recommended a final dividend payment of RMB0.1413 per share for the year ended 31 
During the year under review, the Group s liquid milk segment recorded an outstanding performance and continued to be our major source of income. Revenue from the liquid milk segment increased by 7.9% to RMB22,736.2 million, accounting for 88.4% of the Group s revenue. Milk Deluxe ( yrO ), with its superior quality, rolled out its marketing campaign targeting consumer groups in search of an elite lifestyle and taste. Milk Deluxe sustained its sales growth and maintained its competitive edge in the high-end milk market. The Xin Yang Dao ( e 
S ) series, as a mainstay middle to high end functional milk product, recorded a satisfactory sales volume.
To address the nutritional needs of children in their developmental stage, the Group introduced the upgraded products, Future Star Wisdom Milk for Children ( *gOf RQz[rvYzfgaW ) and Future Star Vitality Milk for Children ( *gOfRQz [rvY;mRW ). Both products sustained robust sales volumes, through successful promotional activities which were well-received by the children. To enrich the Suan Suan Ru ( xxsN ) series, a well-known milk beverage product of MENGNIU, the Group introduced Fruit & Vegetable Suan Suan Ru ( g,x xsN ), a new product integrating pure fruit juice, vegetable juice and fresh milk, which reinforced our expansion into the milk beverages market. In addition, through charity marketing activities and promotional pilot programmes, the Champion ( QvsN ) series has been further reinforced as a champion yogurt brand. Revenue from the ice cream segment increased by 2.2% to RMB2,685.1 million, accounting for 10.5% of the Group s revenue. While striving to maintain the overall brand image and balanced development of the five existing ice cream brands, the Group has strategically enhanced the promotion of two of its secondary ice cream brands, namely Sui Bian ( ) and Ice+ ( Q+ ). Revenue from other dairy products surged by 69.8% to RMB289.2 million, accounting for 1.1% of the Group s revenue. Catering for the taste of Chinese consumers, the Group has also launched innovative cheese products such as Fresh Cheese ( evYj ) and Cheese Mate ( j4O ) and introduced new flavours such as black pepper and cumin to increase 
As a well-established enterprise, Mengniu continued to adopt a development strategy on not only the accumulation of quantity but also the dedication to quality. In line with our development objective to ensure raw milk quality and to achieve quality production, quality control and research and development ( R&D ), the Group has created a new slogan Every Day for Tomorrow for MENGNIU during the year. To promote this new slogan, the Group introduced a series of brand value-adding and marketing events focusing on consumer awareness on nutrition and health.
Through the Group s comprehensive and multi-dimensional marketing strategies, MENGNIU s brand value has been greatly enhanced during the year and was awarded with numerous domestic and international brand awards, including the Top 10 Brands for the Year ( 0t10 'YTLr 0) and The 60 Most Influential Brands in the 60 Years of the People s Republic of China ( 0qQT W60tgwQq_R60TLr 0) by the Two 100 Brands Election for China s Economy ( 0-N W}o vUx 0), and My Favorite Food Brand ( 0bgUavTTLr 0) at the 2009 China Food Expo Forum, Favorite Milk of Beijing Residents ( 0Elga[rvY 0), as well as inclusion in the list for China s Most Valuable Brands released by the City University of New York, USA.
Our brand value has dramatically increased by more than 50% as compared to the previous year.
It is, and has always been, the Group s underlying principle to implement stringent product quality control and to establish a comprehensive production monitoring system so as to ensure control over and traceability of each production stage for every pack of milk. It is the wish of each of our staff that consumers can safely enjoy our milk.
The Group s quality control system has received certification from five key safety schemes, namely, ISO9001 (quality management system), ISO14000 (environmental management system), OHSAS18001 (occupational health and safety management system), and GMP and HACCP (food safety control system), all of which underline the guaranteed quality of our products.
During the year, the Group also launched the Mengniu 360 Panoramic View Website ( 0[r 360hQof}z 0). Through the use of high-end technology, the website enables consumers and other sectors of society to explore the Group s modern production base, and allows ongoing interaction between the Group and the public so as to enhance corporate reputation and brand loyalty. In addition, the Group s R&D centre, which integrates the resources of 16 dairy R&D institutions around the world, continued to develop and introduce technologies yet to be available in China, which provides the Group with a solid foundation for the development of new products.
In addition to our own earnest exploration of better production and quality control, as well as continuous efforts to innovate dairy business development, in 2009 the Group secured a capital injection from COFCO Limited ( COFCO ), the largest oil and food enterprise in China, and Hopu Investment Management Co., Ltd., a renowned private equity fund. The investment not only enriched and strengthened the Group s shareholding structure, but also enabled Mengniu to forge a strategic alliance with COFCO and achieve certain synergies. By leveraging on COFCO s extensive experience in the processing of agricultural products, food manufacturing and import and export of food products, as well as its extensive cooperation relationships with and networks of both domestic and overseas customers, the Group will be able to accelerate the integration of raw material supply chains, articulate food safety monitoring systems with international standards and be able to strategically allocate global resources. The synergized cooperation between the Group and COFCO has already commenced. COFCO has started to supply quality raw materials and other related products to the Group, while the Group has also utilized COFCO s sales channels such as COFCO s websites to sell MENGNIU products. The said initial cooperation has laid a solid foundation for more extensive collaboration between the two groups. By adapting COFCO s concept of integration of the entire production chain, the Group will continue to ensure ecologically friendly milk sources by constructing ecologically friendly dairy ranches, with emphasis on milk sources as a key element in our green production 
As a pioneer in the China dairy industry and as part of its vision, Mengniu strives to nurture the progress and development of the industry and to establish itself as a role model for the industry. The Group has continued to implement its strategy of standardizing ranches, in accordance with and in some circumstances even exceeding the requirements of the Outlines of the Rectification and Revival of the Dairy Industry . In addition, by proactively capitalising on its competitive edge in resources and technology, the Group has also funded and established the Mengniu Designated Milk Service Centres . These initiatives have not only provided technical services and management support to dairy farmers on an ongoing basis, but have also enabled us to jointly promote with other industry participants the healthy and balanced development of the dairy industry.
As an enterprise with a strong sense of social responsibility, the Group has promoted community welfare in parallel to its business growth.
Apart from initiating its community welfare programs to cover more socially disadvantaged groups, the Group has also expanded its charity coverage to include not only benefits to individuals and society-at-large but also care for nature and the ecosystem, with a view to building a harmonious society and ecosystem.
The Group has, on the one hand, implemented energy saving and low carbon measures for each stage of its production process to establish a green production chain revolving around a low-carbon footprint, while on the other hand, the Group has established the Mengniu Eco- ranch Fund ( 0[ruKaISW 0) in collaboration with the Working Committee of Eco-China (uKa-N W ]OYTg). The Group has also initiated a large-scale community activity, 100 Acts to Save the Earth ( 0bQe0Wtv100 PLR 0), a platform for enterprises, corporations and individuals to voluntarily participate in environmental protection activities. Committed to being a global environmental citizen, the Group will strive to reduce damage to environmental resources in its pursuit of business development, so as to achieve sustainable development and green 
2009 was Mengniu s 10th anniversary and it marked a notablemilestone of the Group. It was an important year to celebrate the Group s distinguished history and to embrace our exciting future. In these ten years, Mengniu has rapidly developed, from being initially based in Inner Mongolia, to have expanded to cover the whole nation.
With their unfailing perseverance and dedication, our staff established Mengniu as a legend in the history of China s dairy industry. Mengniu s entry into the top 20 global industry leaders in the Report of the Global Dairy Companies 2009 issued by Rabobank in the Netherlands is a testament to Mengniu s fruitful growth over the past decade and a source of motivation for Mengniu s further development in the coming decade. Looking forward to the coming decade, Mengniu will strive to become one of the top 10 global dairy companies, and extend its footprint across the world.
By keeping the said objective in mind, we will continue to undertake strategic initiatives to manufacture natural, green and healthy products.
I sincerely believe that through our earnest efforts day after day, the Group will bring a brighter and healthier future to consumers.
Mengniu s ten years of growth relied upon the tireless dedication of tens of thousands of our loyal staff, the high-quality raw materials and effective distribution channels provided by thousands of our business partners, the unfailing support and encouragement from our investors and shareholders, and, most importantly, the treasured trust bestowed on MENGNIU from hundreds of millions of consumers who choose MENGNIU s products for themselves and their families.
On behalf of Mengniu, I would like to express my sincerest gratitude to all of them. Each and every one of Mengniu s employees will continue to forge ahead toward our common goal of building MENGNIU into a world-renowned dairy brand.
Lastly, I would like to express special gratitude to Mr. Niu Gensheng, one of the Mengniu s founders.
Mengniu s success is closely linked to Mr. Niu; every single step of Mengniu s development has stemmed from the toil of Mr. Niu and the dedicated team led by him.
As the Group s spiritual leader, Mr. Niu will continue to contribute his wisdom and insights to guide the Group s strategic development in the future. Meanwhile, I will be responsible for overall production and operations and all related matters. I firmly believe that, with the Group s experienced core management team and through comprehensive personnel training and career development procedures, Mengniu will surely become a key player among the world s premium dairy brands and a major and long- standing leading enterprise.

