Chairman s Statement 
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK For the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group recorded a total sales volume of 5.06 million tons, a total revenue of HK$17.1 billion, a full-year net profit of HK$1.9 billion, and a net profit per ton of HK$376, maintaining an overall steady profit.
The production line of PM20 at Chongqing industrial park with an annual capacity of 320,000 tons began operation in July 2014. The acquisition of the tissue business was also completed in November 2014. Such acquisition will provide the Group with an opportunity to expand its paper products range and enter the tissue paper market. It is in the interest of the Group to diversify its line of paper based products and that this will in turn increase the revenue base of the Group. As a paper manufacturer, the Group is in a position to take advantage of its existing economies of scale to lower the costs of manufacturing tissue paper products which will provide a more competitive edge for marketing its tissue paper products. It is expected that the tissue business in the future will contribute further to the Group.
Given the buoyant development of the light industries in countries such as Vietnam, Myanmar and Laos, the Group is also actively investing overseas in the construction of paper factories to stay in line with the expansion of the Southeast Asian markets. It is expected that the paper machine project in Hau Giang, Vietnam will begin operation in late 2015.
The paper industry was suffered from over capacity and paper price pressure in recent years, but in the long run, the demand for packaging papers in China will keep on increasing. At the same time, more and more inferior production capacities will close due to the tightened environmental protection regulations. It is believed that the supply over demand situation for the paper industry will be further 
Based on its consistent adoption of prudent strategies, and with a reasonable debt level, the Group will continue to increase its capacity in existing industrial parks and develop new industrial parks in tandem with the pace of economic development. The management of the Group will continue to make efforts to strictly control costs and strengthen capital operation in order to maintain the Group s competitiveness in the paper industry. As the Chairman of the Company, I will ensure that the Group s business will continue under the leadership of an experienced and capable management team, with a view to further enhancing the Group s profitability.
On behalf of the Board Lee Man Chun Raymond 
9 March 2015 