Chairman s Statement 
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK 
We are very pleased to share with you that the Group achieved revenue and profit attributable to owners of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2011 ( FY11 ), of HK$14,034 million and HK$1,848 million respectively. During the year, we saw substantial increase in waste paper and coal prices which resulted in higher operating costs, as well as increased competition. However, in accordance with the Group s management principles and under the leadership of the board of directors and the collective efforts of the entire staff members, we are pleased with our results and confident 
The management also made a conscientious effort to reduce debt resulting in the net gearing ratio being reduced from 64% in March 2010 to 55% in March 2011. In addition, the working capital days was also reduced from 111 days in FY10 to 86 days in FY11. We also delivered strong operating cash flows of approximately HK$2,740 million for FY11, which was sufficient to finance our capital 
The China market growth is slowing and interest rates are going up, we are prepared to meet these challenges. While managing debt at a reasonable level, we are expanding our capacities with special focus on what products to make and how to position them. Further, we are maximizing the synergy with Nippon Paper, our partner and second largest shareholder, as they provide technical know-how on the production of coated duplex board. In total, we will be starting four production lines (PMs15, 16, 17, and 18) with aggregate annual capacities of 1.6 million tons. We believe that these additional capacities will contribute to our profits when they begin production.
While pursuing growth, we will continue to control our investment costs and we believe it is important to be prepared for any economic uncertainties that may arise. Therefore, one of top priorities is to manage risk and to maintain a healthy and reasonable debt level. The Group has strong operating cash flows to meet substantially capital expenditure incurred in capacity expansion.
Last but not least, we will continue our efforts in developing new markets, controlling costs and optimizing the Group s capital structure to deliver better returns to our shareholders.
On behalf of the Board Lee Wan Keung Patrick 
15 June 2011 