CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Business Review & Outlook
For the fiscal year of 2005/2006, the Group achieved a turnover of
HK$3,778 million and has recorded a net profit of HK$600 million. This
represents an increase in turnover of 36.3% and an increase in net profit
of 43.6% over last year. During the year, we have started our seventh
production line (PM7), with an annual capacity of 400,000MT, at our
newest Hongmei plant, which is expected to bring contributions in the
coming years. Now, all seven of our paper production lines (PM1 to
PM7) and our pulp mill, with an annual paper capacity of 1,600,000MT
and an annual pulp capacity of 200,000MT, are running at full capacity.
As China’s economy grows, China’s paper consumption will also grow at
similar pace. While we expect China continue to be the most important
market for our products, we will also be selling our products outside
China to enhance our leadership position internationally. Our low cost
structure, our superior quality and our strategic location make our
products extremely competitive in the global market.
Within China, we will be introducing a wider range of products for
different customers’ needs. Further, our piers at Changshu and
Chongqing are expected to be operational soon. With these piers, we
hope to serve our customers better in the Yangtze River Delta and in the
south-west region of China by allowing us to make more timely deliveries
at a lower cost.
In order to supply the growing China and export markets, we have plans
to start four new production lines in the next 18 months. Our eighth and
tenth production lines (PM8 and PM10) will start operation at our
Changshu plant. Likewise, our ninth and eleventh production lines (PM9
and PM11) will start operation at our Hongmei plant. With this expansion,
the Group’s annual paper capacity will exceed 3,100,000MT, making
the Group one of the largest containerboard producers in the world.
On behalf of the Board
Lee Wan Keung Patrick
Chairman
Hong Kong, 26 June 2006