Chairman s Statement 
Chairman of the Board 
To All Shareholders, On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Director(s) ) of Shenzhou International Group Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to announce the annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ) for the year ended 2013 for 
In 2013, the Group achieved satisfactory growth in sales revenue and operating results, which recorded a historic high albeit a difficult industrial operating environment. Personally, I was pleased and encouraged by our achievement. During the year, enterprises were increasingly challenged by high-rising costs brought by skyrocketing labor costs, persistent gap between cotton prices of domestic and international market, rapid RMB appreciation against the US dollar and the Japanese yen as well as further requirements imposed by the government on corporate efforts in respect of energy conservation and emission reduction. To resolve the operating difficulties and in view of the long-term business development, the Group built a fabric production base in Vietnam, strengthened its partnership with key customers, pushed forward clean production in a comprehensive manner and deepened the cultivation of corporate culture, thus, laying a solid foundation for the sustainable development of the Group. I hereby would cheer for the investors recognition of the achievement made by the Group and for their enduring support to the business development strategy of the Group.

For the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group was in an ideal financial position. Total sales throughout the year amounted to approximately RMB10,047,217,000, representing an increase of 12.4% when compared to 2012. In comparison to profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company of RMB1,620,158,000 for the year ended 31 December 2012, profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2013 increased by 11.3% to RMB1,802,989,000. Earnings per share amounted to RMB1.32. As at 31 December 2013, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of RMB2,609,050,000.
In light of promising business performance and strong financial position of the Group, the Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.75 per share (including a special dividend of HK$0.20 per share), equivalent to about RMB0.59 per share.
According to the statistics of China Customs, the total export value of China s textile and garment (including textile yarn, fabrics and finished products as well as apparel and apparel accessories, the same as below) in 2013 was US$284.07 billion, representing an increase of approximately 11.4% over the previous year. Out of the total export value, the export value of textile products amounted to US$106.98 billion, representing a year-on-year rise of approximately 11.7%; the garment export value rose by approximately 11.3% to US$177.09 billion on a year-on-year basis. Among the exports to major textiles and garments market, the value from exports to the European Union and the U.S rose by 9.3% and 6.9%, respectively; the value from exports to Japan dropped by 1.0% with declining market share in the Japanese market; and exports to ASEAN rose significantly by 28.3%, making the ASEAN market China s major exporting destination of 
China is the largest exporting country of textiles and garments.
However, as the cost in respect of labor forces and environment resources escalates, China s main competitive advantage of low price and big volume vanishes. Some garment importing countries have been shifting their purchase from China to other low-cost countries.
Therefore, China s textile and garment enterprises shall accelerate the transformation and upgrading as well as the relocation of production bases out of China by leveraging on their advantages in talents and capital strengths, so as to maintain the competitiveness in the industry across the world.
Among the neighboring countries of China, Vietnam s textile and garment exports continued to maintain a rapid growth. As a member state of the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement (TPP), Vietnam is expected to enjoy privilege of low import tariffs on garments exported to other TPP member countries when the TPP agreement comes into effect; in addition, labor supply in Vietnam is sufficient while the wages are lower than in China. These advantages will be conducive to the long-term development of Vietnam s garment industry. However, Vietnam s garment industry faces incomplete supporting facilities, relatively small-scale enterprises, inadequate capital for advanced equipments to rapidly expand their productivity, and relatively insufficient talents in industrial technologies and managerial personnel. Currently, most of the garment materials in Vietnam are imported from China. In 2013, the imports of fabrics from China amounted to approximately US$5.57 billion, representing approximately 31% of the total garment export value in Vietnam.
Inadequate productivity restricts the growth speed of the garment industry in Vietnam. The Vietnamese government is carrying out reform and opening up policies, and encourages overseas enterprises to invest in Vietnam. It is expected that such policies will promote coordinated development between up- and down-stream garment enterprises in Vietnam.
Over the past two years, the gap between cotton prices of domestic and international market added to the operating pressure on China s textile and garment enterprises. It is quite pleasing that new policies on cotton prices are expected to be implemented in 2014. The Opinions on Comprehensively Deepening Rural Reform to Promote Agricultural Modernization issued by the CPC Central Committee and the State Council has shown that the channel for government s influence over cotton prices will be changed from governmental purchasing and storage to direct subsidies to cotton farmers. As a result, the unfavorable position landed by China s textile and garment enterprises in the international market due to price gap of materials will be reversed.

The Board collaborated closely with various dedicated committees during the year. Tasks were performed in line with the Group s overall strategies and goals. Fruitful results were reaped in various tasks. All members of the Company are committed to maintaining highest degree of corporate governance as well as achieving fair and impartial decision-making processes. We will strive for maintaining a high degree of transparency, and pay every effort on providing open channels of communication for all shareholders and investors.
I would like to express sincere gratitude to my fellow Directors for their dedicated contribution over the year, and to extend heartfelt thanks to the management at all levels and all the staff for their devotion during the year. The Group s success in achieving satisfactory growth in a difficult operating environment is attributed to the diligence and dedication of each and every member of us. I would also like to thank our shareholders, customers and suppliers for their enduring trust in the Company, and expect to have your continuous supports in our future development.
In respect of future business development, the Group has clear development strategies, including establishing and optimizing the vertically-integrated production mode for overseas bases, strengthening the development efforts in new products, providing customers with a wider range of customer services, continuously upgrading the refined production management mode, reducing staff quantity and enhancing efficiency, improving the effective utilization of resources and sticking to the operating philosophy of striking balance between corporate development and environmental protection.
Significant opportunities will be found in times of greatest difficulty.
I am highly confident in the future development of the Group. The Group will always provide its customers with better services and create higher returns for shareholders, and be dedicated to becoming the best enterprise in the industry across the globe.
Chairman of the Board 
Hong Kong, 25 March 2014 