CEO’S STATEMENT
FOCUSING ON DEVELOPMENT
AND GATHERING STRENGTHS
MARCHING FORWARD TO
BECOME A HUNDREDBILLION
YUAN REVENUE
INTERNATIONAL DAIRY
ENTERPRISE
In 2016, Mengniu actively implemented innovative reforms starting
with the finest details. The Group kept up efforts to improve on
aspects including milk sources development, product quality,
branding strategies, sales channels and digitalized management,
allowing it to focus on its business with gathered strengths and
raise brand value. On top of strengthening product differentiation
in terms of brands and categories and a more solid milk sources
foundation, Mengniu rolled out a new business division system that
is more systematic, effective, and efficient, made up of independent
business segments namely room temperature, chilled, milk formula
and ice cream products. Mengniu is committed to becoming
China’s most dynamic brand and a hundred-billion yuan revenue
international dairy enterprise.
During the year, Mengniu joined hands with strategic partners and
lived up to international standards for integration, optimization
and innovation upgrades. The joint-equity company of Mengniu
and Danone Group is dedicated to ensuring product quality and
also innovation, diligently adhering to uniform international food
safety and quality standards. It was able to upgrade production
capacity and at the same time improved cost control efficiency,
thus enabled it to maintain leadership in the domestic chilled dairy
products market. With Arla Foods’ century-long experience of
advanced ranch management, Mengniu has leveraged to optimize
milk sources quality, thereby consolidate its core competitiveness. 
During the year, Yashili under Mengniu completed the acquisition
of Dumex China, which operates infant milk formula products
business, from Danone Group, and that has strengthened
Mengniu’s milk formula business for taking initiative to seize
opportunities in the sector. Moreover, the Group was able to better
integrate upstream and downstream resources on its industrial
chain by increasing its stake in Modern Dairy in early 2017. The
move will assure the Group of supply of quality milk sources as well
as build a more harmonious ecosystem. At the same time, Mengniu
and Arla Foods strengthened strategic cooperation by setting up a
joint venture dedicated to cheese business to tap the high-potential
cheese market.
Quality is a corporate value of Mengniu. “Perfect products” is the
new milestone in quality management development that Mengniu
is pushing forward as it embraces the strategic mission of giving
the perfect experience to consumers by providing them with safer,
healthier and more nutritious products. Through achieving constant
synergistic operation of the Laboratory Information Management
System (“LIMS”) and SAP system, Mengniu has applied end-to-end
quality management and built a food safety security matrix to offer
intelligent and systematic quality assurance throughout the entire
industrial chain.
Answering the country rally for support to “Internet+” innovation,
we actively integrate online and offline resources to upgrade
every aspect of our brand value. Via digital revolution, Mengniu
has established a three-dimensional sales channel to promote
closer interaction between customers and the brand, and more
quickly and widely deliver the brand concept of “A Little Happiness
Matters”. Mengniu goes in-depth to gain understanding in
consumers’ preferences, to grasp market need more precisely, to
upgrade brand structure and optimize product innovation. These
efforts were honored by a number of awards reflecting consumers’
recognition and support. Mengniu continues to push forward with
“internationalization” at the core of its strategic layout and uphold its
“A Little Happiness Matters” brand concept, targeting to enhance
its brand value all-round. In addition, Mengniu was awarded the
“Special Award for Contributions to China’s Space Program” by
China Space Foundation, which is a clear recognition of Mengniu’s
fit-for-aerospace strengths and quality.
Mengniu continues to put consumers first and, through innovative
marketing and taking advantage of its access to top-grade
resources worldwide, has created for itself a more forward-looking
and younger brand image. Mengniu selects to work with highquality
partners and platforms. As the strategic partner of NBA
in China for a decade, Mengniu launched unique milk products
in China with NBA elements incorporated in the package design,
themed “Friends for 10 years, A little happiness matters”. During
the year, Mengniu became the official dairy product provider of
Shanghai Disney Resort and mounted marketing activities taking
advantage of the Rio Olympics to penetrate the markets. In
addition, Mengniu has reached strategic agreement with Universal
Beijing Resort in 2017, where it will become the exclusive official
partner in providing dairy products and ice cream at the resort,
hence becoming able to offer extensive product experience to
visitors of the resort from all over the world. The two parties will
also explore other possible cooperative endeavors.
Mengniu pushed forward with pragmatism the reform direction
that emphasizes “vertical flattening, horizontal integration, function
optimization and enhancement of sales regions”, which enabled
it to strengthen its Route to Market (“RTM”) project and create
an operation mode centered around distributors and developed
together by distributors, sales companies and the Central Business
Units (“CBU”).
Mengniu has embedded the philosophy of sustainable development
into its corporate culture, and carries out the mission of “Focus on
nutrition and health, deliver a drop of happiness for every moment
and every day to more people”, with the support of its project
implementation strategy that emphasizes “Leading standards,
pragmatism, charity that touches hearts, top-level communication
and pioneering leadership”. Mengniu together with CSR partners
from different communities, including celebrities, its own employees
and the public to promote charity on all fronts, and to give the
society endless care. Mengniu takes upon itself the responsibility
of enhancing public confidence in Chinese milk products and
maintaining the long-term healthy development of the dairy industry
in China. Mengniu has fulfilled its corporate social responsibility via
such initiatives as “University of Ranchers”, “Star Ranchers” and
“Gold Key Project” and its efforts have won wide recognition in the
community. It was awarded the “Community Enterprises of China
2016” at China Annual Conference on Philanthropy 2016, the only
dairy enterprise to receive the honor.
To effectively support the Group’s 2020 Strategy, we reorganized
the business setup at the end of 2016. The new setup comprises
independent professional business segments dedicated to room
temperature products, chilled products, milk formula and ice cream
products, and more resources and support have been provided
to each business segment, with the aim of facilitating overall and
balanced development of the Group’s various product categories.
Looking ahead, Mengniu will continue to work closely with its
three major shareholders and partners as well as take advantage
of its access to first-class resources worldwide to create a global
innovation platform, and in doing so align with international
standards and raise the quality of Chinese dairy products to new
levels. Mengniu will focus on various product segments, using its
edges in branding and product differentiation, forming a consumer
and market-oriented organizational model backed its professional
business platform, and focusing on developing the chilled product
division to create a new growth point. At the same time, Mengniu
will draw on its foresights in deploying upstream and downstream
resources to enhance quality of milk sources. Mengniu will also
join hands with other partners in the dairy ecosystem to strive for
constant innovation, to integrate resources, and build its brand,
and core competitiveness. It will also keep strengthening its sales
channels and marketing system, relying on its SAP and LIMS
systems, to reinforce its digitalized management capabilities and
carry out digitalized marketing to lay a strong foundation for the
Group to achieve its long-term strategic goals.
With the milk formula registration system taking effect, the twochild
policy in full rollout, per capita income of the Chinese people
rising and urbanization continuing in China, demand for dairy
products in the country will gradually be unleashed. For Mengniu,
“going international” is the new normal and innovation is its core
competitive strength. It will fortify resources integration, develop
new product offerings, and promote delicacy management and
cultivate channels with intensive effort. It aims to continue to lead
consumption upgrade with the craftsman spirit of constantly striving
for excellence.
Adhering to the vision of “becoming a century-old consumeroriented
and innovative-led food company offering nutrition and
health”, upholding the corporate culture of “Integrity, Innovation,
Passion, Openness”, and emphasizing the theme of “focusing
development and gathering strengths”, Mengniu will continue to
integrate and enhance its resources, and gather the strength of its
staff, customers and consumers. Adhering to its 2020 Strategy,
Mengniu will speed up its strides toward becoming China’s
most dynamic and a hundred-billion yuan revenue international
enterprise, enabling “Mengniu” emerge as a world class dairy
brand.
Jeffrey, Minfang LU
Chief Executive Officer
Hong Kong, 29 March 2017
