Chairman s Statement 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
The largest vertically-integrated knitwear manufacturer in China 
I am pleased to announce the annual results of Shenzhou International Group Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for 2006. The year 2006 was a year for the Group to prepare for a more healthy development in the future, during which we continue to strive for achieving our established objectives on the back of dedicated efforts from our staff.
I am gratified and encouraged by the outstanding performance on product mix, customer structure, market regions, production base and ancillary services, and I would like to share my happiness with our investors. I believe that with their continuous recognitions and support of the Group s business development strategies, we will have a more 
The Company enjoyed solid financial conditions during the year ended 31 December 2006. Sales for the year amounted to approximately RMB2,979,530,000, rose by 20% as compared to 2005. For the year ended 31 December 2006, profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by 10.7% to RMB389,031,000 from approximately RMB351,487,000 for the year ended 31 December 2005. Earnings per share amounted to RMB0.31.
In view of the positive business performance and sound financial conditions of the Group, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or the Directors ) has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.15 (equivalent to approximately RMB0.15) per 
During the year, the Group demonstrated its operating philosophy that safety of the enterprise is of utmost importance while profitability and scale come next in different aspects, including capacity enhancement, production innovation, customer services improvement and market expansion, which served as bases for smooth development in the future.

The Group s fundamental strategies for product development is to ensure the stable growth of the casual wear market, active expansion of the sports wear market and the exploration of the lingerie market.
The results of these strategies have been realized during the year under review. In 2006, the casual wear segment recorded a growth in sales of over 18.8% and become the core of the Group s healthy development. Meanwhile, the sales of the Group s sports wear segment has been increased by 101.2%, representing approximately 15.6% of the Group s sales in 2006, increased from approximately 9.3% in 2005. The Group expects an optimistic development of the sports wear segment in the future and believes that the endeavour and efforts we made in 2006 will be worthwhile. In addition, the successful beginning of the lingerie business during the year under review was well-recognised by our customers and the Group looks forward to a brighter future of such segment which allows product diversification.
In respect of regional development, the Group s strategies are to steadily develop the Japan market and aggressively expand into the Europe, the United States (the US ) and the China markets. The stable growth of the Japan market can ensure the operation scale and profitability of the Group and the high quality of our assets, while the lucrative Europe, the US and the China markets provides ample room for the Group s future development. The increase in sales contribution of the Europe market from approximately 6.4% in 2005 to approximately 11.4% in 2006, together with our integrated competitiveness, large customer base and the adequate textile quotas to Europe and the US for 2007, there will be great prospects for the Europe and the US market. Furthermore, the Group s business in 
China is in smooth progress and the market potential will certainly be enormous in view of the opportunities which may arise from the 2008 Beijing Olympics and the rising consumption power of the Chinese. With greater turnover contribution from the China market, the pressure of RMB appreciation on the Group will be eased.
During the year under review, the Group s garment production base in Cambodia was well-developed with stable increase in customer orders, significant enhancement in staff efficiency and realization of operation efficiency, and enjoyed a strategic position. The Group will continue to formulate cooperation plans with major customers, as well as to ensure a stable supply to them by making timely adjustments to facilitate capacity expansion and co-ordinate with the strategic arrangement with major customers.
The Group has envisaged the future RMB appreciation and the impact of rising labour cost and has formulated various strategies to maintain a stable growth of profitability while continuously expanding sales. In addition to promoting innovation, launching new products, improving product quality, identifying quality customers and exploring new markets, the Group is committed to optimize and integrate our business flow, enhance the efficiency of serving new clients and meeting new orders, as well as control unit cost in an effective manner.
In the meantime, the Group has adopted stringent measures on the use of water, electricity, steam and industrial sites with the strong support from the government, with an objective to ensure the stable and safe supply of resources, become a leading enterprise in the textile industry with advanced technology of sewage treatment and waste water recycling, and ensure that the energy source and ancillary facilities associated with our business operation can support the healthy development of the Group s business.
The Board worked closely with the professional Committees on the Group s overall strategies and objectives, and we have achieved significant results for our efforts. All members of the Company 
endeavour to maintain a high standard of corporate governance and ensure the fairness and integrity of our decision-marking process. We make every effort in promoting high transparency of our governance and providing open communication channels for our shareholders 
I would like to thank the Directors for their great efforts as well as the management and staff for their utmost dedication, for it is their diligent work that contributes to the realization of the established goals of Shenzhou International. Last but not least, I would like to express my gratitude to all shareholders and patrons for their continual trust, which is the cornerstone of the bright future of Shenzhou International.
Looking ahead, the Company will continue to aim at developing into the world s most competitive knitwear OEM, seeking opportunities to actively develop into related businesses, minimizing operating risks which may arise in the future and devoting every effort to create value for customers and sound rewards for shareholders.

Chairman of the Board Ningbo, China, 16 March 2007 
