CEO S STATEMENT 
Ms. Sun Yiping Chief Executive Officer In 2014, Mengniu successfully maintained stable growth through proactive collaboration with its strategic partners while strengthening its milk sources, bolstering its product offerings, reinforcing its sales channels and enhancing branding and corporate management. Through constant effort, Mengniu has made substantial progress and laid a solid foundation for its long- term growth in the future. The achievements are gained through the dedicated efforts of each and every one in the Group to enhance the quality, build the brand, initiate sincere communication, drive system transformation, develop win-win ecosystem and realize 
In the past year, Mengniu has optimized its business structure and perfected its product mix through closer integration of global resources and bolstering cooperation with its strategic partners. To tap into the huge Chinese yogurt market, the joint venture between Mengniu and Danone Group has gradually but comprehensively upgraded its chilled plant and optimized its sales channel in line with Danone Group s worldwide production and quality control standards. Building on the successful cooperation in the chilled business operation, Mengniu and Danone Group are now pooling their respective strengths again in the milk formula sector. With a 25%-shareholding, Danone Asia has become the second largest shareholder of Yashili. Leveraging Danone Group s expertise in the global infant milk formula market, Yashili plans to offer more infant milk formula products that meet international standards to domestic consumers. To enhance Yashili s competitiveness, Mengniu is also advancing Yashili s organizational, branding, channel and product restructuring. In other important strategic relationships, the cooperation between Mengniu and Arla Foods in areas such as the import business, advanced ranch technologies and dairy product nutritional studies is progressing as planned, while ZhiPuMoFang, the plant-based protein beverage launched in collaboration with WhiteWave have also been rolled out during the year, thereby diversifying Mengniu s product line. Mengniu appreciates the solid support of these industry-leading strategic partners.
As quality and stable milk sources are vital to Mengniu, it spares no effort to foster a win-win ecosystem hand in hand with leading players in the industry, whether upstream or downstream. The aim here is to optimize the structure of the Group s milk sources, ensure their quality, and facilitate the transformation, upgrade and achieve sustainable development of the industry as a whole. To do so, during the year, Mengniu has actively promoted development of small- and medium-sized family-based ranches, helped upgrade the equipment of its milk sources, introduced high quality production services, established a resources sharing network, and set up University of Ranchers , bearing the principle of talented people can raise good cows, good cows can produce quality milk , to provide theoretical and practical training to the managerial staff 
Innovation has been the key component of Mengniu s transformation in 2014. In the internet age, Mengniu has redefined milk with product category, taste, packaging and other innovations, and has launched products such as Just Yoghurt, Minion Banana Milk, M-PLUS Sport Milk and ZhiPuMoFang, with WOW effects that cater to the varied tastes of the consumers. At the World Dairy Innovation Awards 2014, Mengniu s star products including XinYangDao, Champion and milk containing grain were among the products nominated for the World Dairy Innovation Awards.
In respect of brand building, Mengniu has also utilized the internet as well as new social media to more creatively connect with consumers. It has moved from merely launching marketing campaigns to emphasizing consumer interactions that bring best brand experience. For example, Mengniu has pioneered the first Cloud Ranch concept in the industry to enhance consumers confidence by offering visible quality using Baidu s cloud technology and 2-D barcode tracking system. Meanwhile, its creative Mengniu Life Experience Hall, the first of its kind in the world, offers the consumers a range of amazing activities, such as A Happy Year of Luck and Red Packets , Just Yoghurt World .
Furthermore, through cooperating with Didi, Mengniu became the first domestic fast-moving consumer goods enterprise to initiate cross-over cooperation between a traditional enterprise and an internet enterprise. Our ever-improving innovation capability was amply demonstrated through the various mobile internet awards we have garnered during the year.
Channel reform has also been implemented by Mengniu. By promoting the Central Business Unit ( CBU ) in key markets, Mengniu has streamlined and more clearly delineated its sales channels while enhancing the penetration and coverage of its channels network. Mengniu has also bolstered collaboration with distributors in order to strengthen direct control over the points-of- sale and improve its market competitiveness, thereby enhancing the overall profitability of the channels. In addition, Mengniu has also enlarged its e-commerce business by riding on the development of the internet and integrating mobile and online platforms, such as Tmall.com, Yhd.com and JD.com, with the offline services of its 
We have also carried out a full internal system upgrade. The implementation of the SAP intelligent information management system has been progressing as scheduled, while both the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems have been successfully rolled out. These initiatives have enhanced our operating efficiency, synergies and collaboration. Furthermore, we have broken system barriers, streamlining management structure. We have also utilized Wechat and continued to improve the flexibility, efficiency and creativity of our system.
To achieve delicacy management, systematization and internationalization, talent are indispensible to Mengniu. To develop its human resources, the Group has launched two talent selection and training programs, namely the Management 100 Series (including Mengniu TOP20 , Mengniu 100 , Mengniu 100 Junior and Mengniu 100 MT ) and the Professional 100 Series (including Technology 100 , Milk Source 100 , Quality 100 , Sales 100 ), in 2014. With the aim of motivating its staff to grow together with the Group, Mengniu has put in place a five- tier incentive system including the awarding of restricted shares to employees who have made outstanding contributions to the Group s sustainable development. We believe that for innovation to take root in Mengniu s corporate culture, we must encourage every staff to innovate instead of just passively waiting for management 
The world is rapidly changing, and these changes are shaped by the intangible power of culture and values. As such, the foundation for Mengniu s future growth and development rests on a better corporate culture. Alongside our brand philosophy of Openness, Integrity, Accountability and Innovation , we place Openness and Integrity as our top corporate values because they are the duties of every food enterprise, whose everyday activities affect the safety and health of 1.3 billion lives. Therefore, we dedicate considerable effort to improving our quality and strictly implementing safety controls throughout our entire operation, and striving for growth 
In 2015, after a series of improvements, Mengniu is well prepared to embark on a new start. It will drive business reform by formulating better strategies, building superior brands, improving its systems and procedures, developing more professional staff and nurturing its culture. Looking forward, to realize its aim to achieve comprehensive progress, Mengniu has to go beyond China and utilize global resources. The Group must not only offer dairy products, but also provide nutritional and healthy foods while leading the industry in both product mix and innovation.
We continue to strengthen cooperation with our global strategic partners in order to acquire advanced technologies and management techniques from around the world. To strengthen our business structure, we intend to bolster efforts in product innovation and research and development. We are striving to establish streamlined and more efficient sales channels and a stronger and more effective internal organizational structure, refine our systems and procedures, and implement digitalized management, thereby enhancing the overall competitiveness of Mengniu. We are dedicated to transformational innovations and the use of the internet to achieve closer interaction with consumers and forge closer collaboration between upstream and downstream players across the industry.
Eventually, every little change together will bring forth a modern Mengniu. While change in the world continues to accelerate, innovation and creativity will give us the strength to move forward, while practical actions will make Mengniu stronger. Mengniu will continue to advance toward becoming a consumer-oriented and innovation-led food company offering nutrition and health.

