CEO s Statement Devoted to produce high-quality dairy product with love to breed a stronger new generation Dedicated to unify national dairy industry by innovation to set a strong foothold to lead the 
Chief Executive Officer I am pleased to present the annual results of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries ( Mengniu or the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2007 to our shareholders.
In 2007, the continuous growth of the PRC s national economy and domestic demand facilitated the dairy industry to develop rapidly in China. The PRC s dairy products market has been expanding and is becoming increasingly important in the world. According to the latest statistics published by China Dairy Industry Association, China has become the world s third largest milk producing country and the world s largest emerging dairy market. The Group captured this market opportunity through self-developed high-end products which catered different targets. At the same time, Mengniu further reinforced its market leading position by implementing effective branding and marketing strategies. Those factors contributed to the satisfactory results of the Group in 2007. It is encouraging that according to the national market statistics announced by Chinese Enterprise Information Center under the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the Group continued to be the national bestseller of liquid milk, and the sales of which was comparable to the world s bestseller.
The Group s profitability was further improved with our efforts in optimizing the existing products through innovation and introducing various high-end and high quality products during the year. The Group s revenue for 2007 increased by 31.2% to RMB21.318 billion while net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by 28.7% to RMB935.8 million.
Both basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share were RMB0.664. The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ) resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.1315 per share for the year ended 31 December 2007.
During the year under review, we had an outstanding performance in the liquid milk business due to product optimization and product grade enhancement. With an increase of 34.3%, this segment remained the Group s main revenue generator, representing 89.8% of the Group s revenue. In respect of ice cream products, focus was placed on product optimization and reorganization. Revenue from this segment grew by 9.6%, representing 9.4% of the Group s revenue.
We succeeded in developing several new ice cream products in 2007 and expect our ice cream business to enter into a new chapter in the near future. The Group reorganized its other dairy products and carried out extensive marketing of various products. Milk powder products were well received, bringing the revenue of other dairy products up 6.0%, representing 0.8% of the Group s revenue. Apart from milk powder products, the Group invented in Smoked-dried Cheese , a new type of product developed by utilizing advanced technology by Hi-tech Dairy Products Research Institute and Intelligent Product Base ( Research Institute ), offering a wider choice of high quality dairy products for customers.
Aggressive marketing strategy has been continuously carried out throughout the year under review. In addition to cooperating with national and local TV stations to introduce a variety of market oriented and interactive marketing campaigns, we worked with our strategic partners, i.e. Disney, National Basketball Association, Starbucks and KFC, in organizing a series of innovative activities to promote the theme of care, health and nutrition , as well as healthy life styles. Those diversified marketing campaigns invigorated the popular brand of Mengniu , bringing it to progress with time. Mengniu is reputable in the market and was awarded with a number of prizes during the year. Mengniu was chosen as one of the Ten Most Influential Life Style Brands in China by the China Society for World Trade Organization Studies (-N W N Lu f D} T x vz g ), and was honoured the Most Competitive Brands in the Market by the Ministry of Commerce and the Huapu Award One of the Top 25 Leading Brands in China of the Year at the first China Brand Festival. On the other hand, our business has expanded in overseas market and consumers in Singapore, the Philippines and Malaysia can now also enjoy the mellow milk products of Inner Mongolia.
Apart from the business achievements, we have also laid solid foundations for major developments in 2007, enabling the Group to turn over a new leaf in the future development. The Group established the first international top-tier Research Institute with several renowned enterprises and research and development ( R&D ) units within and outside the country, such as Cambridge University in the UK and the Chinese Academy of Sciences. By utilizing the world s advanced equipment and intelligent facilities, together with our R&D efforts on new milk production techniques, we combined, seamlessly, the mellow milk of Inner Mongolia with the world s state-of-the- art technologies, to offer consumers more tasty and nutritious milk product choices. Since the incorporation of Research Institute, we have organized a series of training and international seminars for experience exchange and sharing with our overseas peers. Meanwhile, we successfully invented a number of innovative techniques, including electronic smell analyzer and taste analyzer, providing strong technical support for scientific development and establishment of scientific quality control system of the Group in the future.
As a leading enterprise in China, Mengniu s products, as well as its production processes are environmentally friendly. During the year, Mengniu motivated its partners and has completed the construction of the China s largest methane power plant as an important ancillary facility to a large ranch in the Shengle Economic Zone of Helingeer. It uses cow droppings and fermented cow urine as fuel for power generation and the residue of the process for manufacturing organic fertilizer. The Research Institute in Helingeer is equipped with sewage treatment plants which process sludge and other pollutants. Water after treatment is used to water the trees within the plant district, helping to save water and reduce the negative impact from the production process on the environment, leading the industry to a green 
Other than the focus to maximize asset value, a respectful enterprise with vision should also be committed to fulfill its corporate social responsibilities.
To reciprocate to the community, Mengniu launched a free-milk program, A catty of milk a day keeps the Chinese people invigorated always , in June 2006 to give out Mengniu milk as well as nutrition to students in the impoverished areas of China. Mengniu s effort towards the community gained support from a wide range of caring people and a number of international organizations and business giants joined us in 2007.
Currently, this Milk Loving Care program covers 1,000 schools in impoverished areas, and we expect this Project Hope of Milk to form an even bigger force in the future, so that more students will be 
Looking forward, Mengniu is ready to reach new heights through technological reforms and scientific development. With the changing market conditions and government policies, we expect China s dairy industry to experience further market consolidation.
Smaller dairy corporations with less brand value will be fading out. For an enterprise to secure its leading position, it needs to spend more efforts on technical research, product development and branding. In the future, leveraging the advanced technologies of the new Research Institute and abundant resources, we will develop more trend-leading high-end products to meet the needs of consumers on taste and nutrition.
To strengthen Mengniu s leading position in the market, marketing strategy will be implemented further to widen the coverage. We will penetrate into existing and potential markets by means of extensive channels in order to enlarge our market share and improve our profitability. For the years to come, in addition to exploring opportunities for forming new alliances with renowned enterprises to expand the business, we will also foster closer cooperation with the raw milk suppliers and distributors with an aim to have an effective connection with the entire dairy industry chain, thereby achieving higher production effectiveness and providing force to the industry to grow hand in hand.
The success of Mengniu is attributed to the love and support of all shareholders, customers and business partners towards the Group since its incorporation. I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude again on behalf of Mengniu. My thanks also go to the board members, management team and employees for their dedication and hard work. I am confident that we the Mengniu team will create a brighter future for China s dairy industry and bring more satisfying returns to our shareholders.

