Chairman s Statement The year 2014 marks the tenth anniversary of Ping An s listing. In the past decade, Ping An underwent steady and rapid growth, in keeping with Changes and Persistence .
Changes were made to our strategies and platforms. We seized opportunities arising from the market transformation towards the new normal, adapted to the new trend, actively dealt with challenges, and kept driving the Company s business to new heights through ongoing reforms. In the past decade, the compound growth rate of Ping An s total assets exceeded 30%, with the same for earnings per share reaching 24%.
Persistence refers to our belief. Ping An has always believed in Thrive in Competition and Advance Through Innovation , and has always striven to achieve healthy, sustainable and long-term growth. No matter what the future holds, Ping An will always embrace the sense of crisis and urgency it had from the start and keep going forward boldly. Only the brave and courageous come through in times of hardship, only through commitment can true value be achieved .
1. In 2014, Ping An Life launched the Customer Service Festival under the theme of Ping An brings love, joy and health . The major events included activities such as the online Customer Service Festival, Chinese Youth and Children Ping An Action, as well as family talent contests, jogging sessions and ball boy services for CSL matches. The festival attracted over 8,000 thousand 
2. In 2014, Ping An Property & Casualty followed the internet finance development strategy and focused on consumer demands as well as customer experience, embedding its services from the four angles of automobile insurance, automobile service, automobile life and automobile entertainment . We also established an internet financing platform and built an eco-system for car owners, with concrete breakthroughs in innovation and reforms. On November 23, 2014, we launched the first version of the Carowner APP, which received extensive market attention and positive user 
3. On July 9, 2014, Ping An Bank jointly organized the Pilot project on SMEs E-commerce Service cum Promotion Plan for Millions of Chinese Internet 
for the Orange-e-Platform in Shenzhen, in collaboration with the Internet Financing Working Committee of the Internet Society of China. Leveraging Ping An Bank s leading capability in supply chain finance, the internet finance is designed to follow the integrated development model of SME e-commerce+ Internet Finance In 2014, the global economy continued to recover slowly, while the gap in growth rates widened across various economies.
China s economy improved steadily, with active adjustments made to its structure and substantial breakthroughs achieved in reforms. In face of complex economic scenarios, the Company experienced an unprecedented sense of crisis and underwent thorough reforms.
We enhanced our overall strategy, reinforced the Ping An Chariot model and concurrently developed the core finance business and internet finance business. In terms of core finance business, our insurance business achieved stable and healthy growth, with the quality maintaining its industry leadership. The net investment yield of our insurance funds reached a record high in recent years. The banking business developed innovative business models. While the business recorded rapid growth, its asset quality maintained at a healthy and stable level.
The investment business implemented strategic transformations and strict risk management of projects. As we achieved remarkable results in our core finance business, we also made solid progress in the strategy and development of the internet finance business. We focused on users daily needs in the areas of health, food, housing, transportation and entertainment, and made efforts in helping manage their wealth, health and lives, forming the strategic framework of One Gate, Two Focuses, Four Markets .
In 2014, the Ping An Group successfully issued an additional 594 million H shares and raised HK$36,831 million, which further strengthened the Group s capital and enhanced its solvency.
This year, we recorded remarkable growth in key indicators such as net profit, net assets and total assets. In 2014, the Company s net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company reached RMB39,279 million, up by 39.5% over the previous year. As at December 31, 2014, equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company stood at RMB289,564 million, 58.5% higher as compared to the beginning of the year. The total assets of the Company reached RMB4 trillion, up by 19.2% as compared to the beginning of the 
Looking back at the Company s operations in 2014, we achieved outstanding performance in the following aspects: Our life insurance business recorded stable and healthy growth, while the growth rate and quality of our property and casualty insurance business remained sound and our annuity business maintained its leading position in the industry. Written premiums for life insurance reached RMB252,730 million, up by 15.2% over the previous year. With continued optimization of the business structure, the value of new business rose by 20.9% over the previous year. Written premiums from the individual life insurance business reached RMB225,364 million, with an increase of 14.4% over the last year.
Written premiums from new business in individual life insurance reached RMB53,308 million, up by 20.7% over the previous year, and the written premiums from renewal business in individual life insurance reached RMB172,056 million, up by 12.5% over the last year. As at December 31, 2014, the number of individual life insurance sales agents was over 635 thousand, up by 14.1% over the beginning of the year and hitting a record high. First-year written premiums per agent per month was RMB6,244, up by 5.9% over 2013. Ping An Property & Casualty continued to focus on business quality and realized a premium income of RMB142,857 million, up by 23.8% over the previous year, of which over RMB100 billion was contributed by automobile insurance, and was rated the No.1 brand of automobile insurance in China. Profitability levels remained sound with a combined ratio of 95.3%.
Corporate annuity assets entrusted and assets under investment management of Ping An Annuity reached RMB89,280 million and RMB108,105 million, respectively, up by 23.5% and 34.3%, respectively over the beginning of the year; the business scale of its annuity insurance reached RMB17,093 million, up by 24.7% over the last year; all of the businesses maintained the industry- 
The net investment yield of our insurance funds reached a three-year high. In terms of insurance funds management, we continued to optimize our asset structure, steadily increased the allocation of equity assets, allocated more investments to quality debt schemes and reinforced risk identification and assessment, which led to a steady increase in net investment yield. As at December 31, 2014, the value of our insurance funds reached RMB1,474,098 million. Net investment yield was 5.3%, up by 0.2 percentage points over 2013. Total investment yield was 5.1%, same as the 
Our banking business continued to further implement reforms and transformation and structural adjustments, creating a competitive advantage based on integrated finance and innovative models. In 2014, our banking business contributed profit of RMB11,297 million to the Group, up by 44.7% compared to 2013. As at December 31, 2014, total assets of Ping An Bank reached RMB2.19 trillion, up by 15.6% over the beginning of the year. Deposit balance was RMB1.53 trillion, up by RMB316,181 million over the beginning of the year with a growth rate of 26.0%. The balance of various loans exceeded RMB1 trillion to RMB1.02 trillion, up by 20.9% over the beginning of the year. In 2014, Ping An Bank realized net non-interest income of RMB20,361 million, up by 77.0% over the previous year, accounting for 27.7% of operating income. The asset and liability structure continued to be optimized as deposit-loan spread, net interest spread and net interest margin increased substantially over 2013. Furthermore, Ping An Bank optimized its credit structure and imposed stringent controls on new non-performing loans, thereby maintaining stable asset quality. As at the end of 2014, its non-performing loan ratio was 1.02%.
Our trust business maintained stable growth as project risk was strictly controlled in a persistent manner. Ping An Trust s private wealth management business recorded stable growth, with the number of active high net-worth customers exceeding 30 thousand, up by 37.3% over the beginning of the year.
Assets held in trust reached RMB399,849 million, up by 37.7% over the beginning of the year, of which the scale of collective trust mostly held by individual customers accounted for 70.0%, placing Ping An Trust at the forefront of the industry in terms of business structure. In response to the development trend of the real estate market in China, Ping An Trust established a more stringent internal credit rating system which enabled it to screen high quality counterparties and projects. It actively managed the risks in the real estate business by controlling the geographical distribution of its business and the duration of its projects.
In 2014, real estate trust schemes, a total of approximately RMB40 billion, were successfully redeemed upon scheduled maturing. In 2014, Ping An Securities actively implemented new strategies, and saw the emerging signs of its effective transformation. The fixed income business completed the issuance of 23 credit bonds and 6 SME private bonds; the innovative business grew rapidly. Ping An Securities dedicated more efforts to develop intermediary business and the balance of margin trading and securities lending business grew 224.4% over the beginning of 
The total number of internet users reached 137 million, as application scenarios continued to enrich. The internet finance business of Ping An focused on the daily living scenarios in the areas of health, food, housing, transportation and entertainment, and kept innovation, initiating the strategic framework of the One Gate, Two Focuses, Four Markets . It provides one- stop financial life services to a wide range of users by connecting a wide range of application scenarios through the Magic Gate , boosting the mining, analysis and application of big data with the focuses on asset management and health management, and establishing the asset transaction market, loyalty points transaction market, automobile transaction market and real estate financing market.
As at December 31, 2014, the main internet 4. In April 2014, the Chairman of Lufax Gregory D. GIBB was invited to attend the Boao Forum for Asia as the manager for a leading company in internet finance. He discussed topics relating to the economy as well as current financial trends and developments with prominent political world leaders, economists and entrepreneurs.
During the forum, Lufax and the Boao Observer jointly issued the 2014 Internet Finance Report.
5. In May 2014, Ping An Annuity organized the 2014 Ping An Annuity Investment Forum in Beijing. The theme of the forum was Progress through stability, Winning through consistency .
Key topics such as the reforms and development of China s social insurance system and Ping An Annuity s investment concept of adding value safely for corporate annuity management were fully discussed during the forum. Ping An Annuity also discussed the innovative applications of alternative investments in annuity asset 
6. In August 2014, Ping An Trust held the Qinghai Dream, Ping An Journey charity event, involving the families of 16 high- end customers traveling across China to visit the Ping An Hope Primary School in Quanjixiang, Gangcha county, Qinghai. This was to help open their minds to realize their dream of spreading their charity. The participants interacted and communicated with the children in Tibet by sitting in their classes and visiting poverty-stricken families.
The event recorded a high rate of participation and was highly commended by customers.
7. On August 28, 2014, the opening ceremony for the first general points union in China led by Wanlitong was kicked off in Shanghai. Over 40 renowned corporations attended the ceremony, including Taiwan CTBC Bank, China Telecom, SAIC Motor, Tmall and JD.com.
8. On December 2, 2014, the award ceremony of the 2014 Ping An Endeavorers Project was held at Renmin University of China in Beijing. Experts and scholars from research institutes and universities, representatives of student winners and organizers across the country attended the ceremony and shared their joy of participation. The photo shows Ren Huichuan, President of Ping An Group (center) and Jiu Yehui, screenwriter of the film Fleet of Time (first from right), sharing their inspiring campus stories with the audience.
finance business of Ping An has reached a sizeable scale. The number of registered users of Lufax has surpassed 5 million, while P2P transactions in 2014 grew by approximately 5 times compared with last year, jumping to the top position in China. The number of registered users of Wanlitong exceeded 70 million, and loyalty points issued in 2014 were worth RMB1,959 million. Online and offline business merchants were over 500 thousand, The transaction volume reached nearly RMB5 billion. Registered users of One Account Management Services reached 40.36 million. PA Haoche has already become the largest C2B automobile trade platform in China. PA Haofang, which was established less than one year ago, has already received widespread attention and recognition from the market by leveraging the financial advantages of Ping An to introduce a series of internet finance products on the basis of real estate transactions. The new generation payment system of Ping An Pay has been established, providing a core payment platform for the Company s layout of internet finance business.
Significant progress was made in customer migration, and cross-selling continued to improve. Ping An established an integrated finance product map and a customer big data analysis platform, explored potential demand of customers, developed innovative integrated finance product portfolios and services, hastened customer migration and optimized cross- selling. For our core finance business, in 2014, the total number of migrated customers was about 7.02 million. A total of 26% of new customers of the subsidiaries of the Group came from customer migration. New customers migrated from internet finance to core finance business reached 1.2 million.
In 2014, individual life insurance agents realized premiums of RMB24,027 million and financial assets of RMB159,771 million through cross-selling. For automobile insurance, cross-selling, telemarketing and internet marketing collectively contributed 54.4% of premium income. Meanwhile, 39.5% of new credit cards issued and 27.2% of new retail deposits arose from cross- selling. Through the technology innovation and big data analysis, the Company completed the planning of the 360-degree customer experience, actively optimized the service platform and promoted the new operation model, with the upgrades in customer experience and services fully 
In 2014, Ping An reached new heights in terms of its corporate social responsibility.
The Company kept pace with the times and undertook charitable activities with a new mindset and measures. The year 2014 marks the 20th anniversary of the Ping An Hope Primary Schools Project. We recruited teaching volunteers online and carried out voluntary teaching activities at 40 Hope Primary Schools across China.
A total of 3,471 volunteers participated in our voluntary teaching activities. The Endeavourers Plan for university students has been ongoing for 11 consecutive years, with over RMB17 million of scholarships awarded to 5,058 university students to date. We planted 16,500 acres of Ping An Forest in 21 regions, and reduced carbon emissions by 6,817.18 tons in 2014 alone by using 18 technologically innovative service methods. We welcomed the new age of charity with open hearts. Our large- scale online charity event, One Hour for Charity Bringing Love and Security , raised funding for the surgery of 94 children with congenital heart disease. Another large- scale charity fundraising event, Safe Journey, Bring Love Home , helped over 200 families to reunite for the Chinese New Year. We upheld the values of love and responsibility. After the earthquakes in Ludian, Yunnan, we accumulatively donated RMB8 million to the quake- damaged areas. After Hainan was ravaged by typhoon Rammasun, we donated over RMB4 million worth of funds and supplies. Our efforts in corporate social responsibility have been widely recognized by society. In a ranking of corporate social responsibility report of listed companies, Ping An ranked first for five consecutive years. We bear the hope of Peace on Earth and strive to make the world a better place through concrete actions.

Looking ahead to 2015, the macroeconomic environment continues to be complex as challenges and opportunities coexist.
The global economy will continue to recover. China s economy is affected by three sequential stages, while its fundamentals and reform factors can still support its mid-to-high growth rate. The promulgation of the new Ten National Rules for the insurance industry introduced a new blueprint from the authorities to transform and upgrade the insurance industry. This will elevate the importance of the insurance industry in China s economic and social development, and create substantial opportunities for the development of the industry. The banking industry has entered a critical stage of reforms and transformation. As interest rate marketization accelerates and the regulatory environment improves, the industry will face immense challenges and opportunities. The industry structure in China will transform and upgrade, leading to resources reallocation as well as more mergers and acquisitions. The rise of emerging strategic industries will also bring opportunities to the investment business. Further, with the rapid development of technology, business models of various industries are undergoing drastic changes, and the vigorous development of the internet finance field also presents Ping An with significant developing opportunities and more growth potential.
The year 2015 will be a crucial time to bring Ping An s overall strategies into fruition. We are not only targeting to be a leader in our core finance business, we will also reinforce customer migration and expedite the development of our internet finance business by courageously executing our established strategies. We understand that the road towards our goal will be filled with challenges. Ping An will continue to operate in line with the spirit of Thrive in Competition and Advance Through Innovation , embracing a sense of crisis and urgency, promote an open and inclusive culture to encourage internal synergies, and use our expertise to let customers enjoy one-stop services in a comprehensive financial and daily living environment and experience a simple life.
We believe that with the cooperation and efforts of the entire Ping An staff, Ping An can achieve an even more glorious future! Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee of Ping An Group, I would like to express my most sincere gratitude to our customers, investors, partners and members of society who have supported Ping An Group, as well as our colleagues who have contributed to the Company s strategic targets and aspirations.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
