Chairman s Statement 
The largest vertically-integrated knitwear manufacturer in China 
I am pleased to announce the annual results of Shenzhou International Group Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for 2007. The year 2007 was an important year for the Group to prepare for a healthy development in the future, during which we strived for achieving our established objectives on the back of dedicated efforts from our staff. I am gratified and encouraged by the outstanding progress on product mix, customer profile, market distribution, production base and ancillary facilities, and I would like to report our brilliant achievements to our investors. I believe that with their continuous recognitions and support of the Group s business development strategies, we will have a more promising future.
The Company enjoyed solid financial conditions during the year ended 31 December 2007. Sales for the year amounted to approximately RMB3,655,613,000, rose by 22.7% as compared to 2006. For the year ended 31 December 2007, profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by 4.6% to RMB406,882,000 from RMB389,031,000 for the year ended 31 December 2006. Earnings per share amounted to 
In view of the positive business performance and sound financial conditions of the Group, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or the Directors ) has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.16 (equivalent to approximately RMB0.15) per share.

2007 was undoubtedly a challenging year for the Knitwear industry in China as RMB appreciated by 6.9% against USD, the exports tax refund rate for apparels lowered from 13% to 11%, the labour cost rose by approximately 10% and the material cost also increased significantly.
I witnessed that some of the small-scale knitting companies were struggling to survive and there were a series of seemingly bad news for the development of the Chinese textile industry. In the meantime, I am glad to discover that the overall development of the textile industry in China remained satisfactory. China s textile and apparel exports for 2007 totaled USD171.2 billion, an increase of 18.9% as compared with the corresponding period of last year, realizing a trade surplus of USD156.9 billion, which represented 59.8% of the total trade surplus of China. The textile exports by India, the potential competitor of China in the textile industry, to its largest export market, the United States, only amounted to USD5.1 billion in 2007 with a growth of 1.5% as compared to the 13.7% growth to USD24.9 billion in the textile exports by China to the US. I am particularly proud of the outstanding results in our sports wear segment during the year, which makes me and all of our staff confident that the sports wear segment will be able to contribute over 50% of the total turnover in the near future. However, we do not only strive to enhance the scale of the operation but also the quality of our products. I am gratified to found that both our sports wear and causal wear segments are moving towards higher end markets. I am confident that the coastal area of Eastern China will develop into a prominent production center for middle to high end apparels around the world, whose status will be irreplaceable for a very long time, and the Group will undoubtedly be one of the leading manufacturers in the region.

The Group entered into the Water Supply Guarantee Supplementary Agreement with the relevant Chinese authorities during the year, which guarantees the safe water supply for our long term development as it enables the Group to effectively control the water utilization cost and, more importantly, strategically protect our water supply. After years of effort, we definitely have the most competitive advantages over our peers in ancillary facilities such as the supply of water, power, steam, land and particularly, sewage treatment, which can ensure the healthy and sustainable development of our operation in all aspects.
Since our establishment, the Group has emphasized on product development as well as fabrics and garment testing and continued to devote substantial human capital and financial resources to maintain a leading position in this aspect. During the year, I am pleased to learn that the testing center of Ningbo Shenzhou Knitting Co., Ltd., the Group s subsidiary, was awarded the National Laboratory Certification ( W[[W[SIf) by the China National Accreditation Services for Conformity Assessment (CNAS), signifying our efforts to build a state-of- the-art laboratory. This enabled the Group to provide more detailed and complicated fabrics and garment testing services to its customers as well as facilitating its penetration into the European Union and other countries and regions that required higher environmental standards on apparel products. Our success confirmed my belief that a company must develop both horizontally and vertically in order to maintain its competitive edges and position in the market.
During the year, sales to Japan reduced to 59.6% to the total turnover as compared to 75.5% in 2006. The decrease, was resulted from the further adjustment in the Group s product mix, customer profile and market distribution, is normal. We were forced to choose as the expansion in capacity were behind the rapid growth in orders, our products were moving towards higher end markets and we experienced pressure in pricing. However, I wish to emphasize that Japan will continue to be our core market segment in the future, which will have an important and irreplaceable influence on the stable growth of the Group. This is and will continue to be the Group s fundamental development plan.

During the year, the Board worked closely with the professional committees on the Group s overall strategies and objectives, and we have achieved significant results under our efforts. Every staff of the Company endeavours to pursue a high standard of corporate governance and ensure the fairness and integrity of our decision-marking process. We make every effort in promoting high transparency of our governance and providing open communication channels for all of our shareholders and 
I would like to thank the Directors for their great efforts during the year, as well as the management and staff for their utmost dedication, for it is their diligent work that contributes to the realization of the established goals of the Group. Last but not least, I would like to express my gratitude to all shareholders and patrons for their continual trust, which is the cornerstone of a brighter future of Shenzhou International.
Looking ahead, the Company will continue to aim at developing into the world s most competitive knitwear OEM, seeking opportunities to strengthen our operations and devoting every effort to create value for customers and sound rewards for shareholders.
Chairman of the Board 
Ningbo, China, 22 March 2008 
