Chairman s statement In the coming five years, we will continue to achieve the strategic objective of being financially integrated and internationally 
1. Following the May 12 
in Sichuan Province, Ping An spared no effort in conducting disaster relief 
2. In celebration of its 20th anniversary, Ping An showed its support for promoting health, caring for customers and contributing to society by organizing social sport 
3. By the end of 2008, the accumulated number of credit cards in circulation issued by Ping An Bank had exceeded 1.5 million.
2008 was the most extraordinary year for the economic development of China and the whole world, presenting formidable challenges for Ping An. The magnitude and depth of the impact of this once-in-a-century global financial crisis cannot be underestimated and its destructive power is also unprecedented. China s economic growth and financial industry have been significantly affected.
In the face of such a complex and capricious operating environment, we maintained a healthy and stable development across our core businesses, including insurance, banking, trust and securities.
However, due to the substantial falling across global stock markets, Ping An suffered significant losses associated with our overseas investments.
In 2008, after the impairment loss of RMB22,790 million made for investment in Fortis shares, Ping An recorded a net profit of RMB477 million. Although there was a substantial decrease in net profit as compared with last year, the Company remains fundamentally sound, with our core businesses growing steadily and healthily, and we maintain a solid financial position. The Group s solvency ratio is above 300%, Ping An Life's solvency ratio is above 180% and Ping An Bank s capital adequacy ratio is above 10%. All of these are paving the way for our long-term stable development.
Looking back over 2008, Ping An s outstanding achievements in such a difficult year included: " sustainable, fast and healthy growth in our core insurance business. For our life insurance business, we have successfully implemented a strategy that focuses on Reaching New Heights , resulting in a record premium income of over RMB100 billion.
While our profitable individual life insurance business maintained steady growth, premium income for our bancassurance business exhibited strong growth and recorded an increase of more than 100%. In our property and casualty insurance business, our strategy of Surpassing Targets Healthily achieved better-than-market growth and increased our market share. Our annuity business progressed smoothly across three major indicators, namely annuity payment, assets entrusted and assets under investment management, earning a ranking that was among the highest in the sector.
" stable development in our banking business with accelerated nationwide expansion. Significant progress has been made in our network expansion. Quanzhou, Xiamen and Hangzhou branches began operation and Guangzhou Branch received approval to operate. Our credit card business broke the record for first-year card issuance in China, and the accumulated number of credit cards in circulation exceeded 1.5 million by the end of 2008. On top of this, our assets and workforce are growing day by day, retail banking and SME products are continuously evolving and enriching to meet customers needs. We are proactive across every business line but also maintain operation stability. Moreover, our asset quality is among the best in the industry, with non- performing loan ratio at 0.54% and provision coverage ratio at 153.7%.
" vigilant response to market volatility, optimized asset allocation, increased proportion of investment in fixed income assets, and reduction in equity assets exposure to less than 10%. Our investment in the Beijing-Shanghai High-Speed Railway led by Ping An Asset Management has given us valuable experiences in direct investment of insurance funds while strengthening our brand presence. Ping An Securities achieved a market leader position as leading underwriters in terms of the number of IPOs.
We have made a successful breakthrough in underwriting big projects and recorded steady progress in the underwriting of bonds.
Ping An Trust has continued to enrich its product line in response to market demand, while third-party trusted assets under its management reached RMB48,514 million by end of 2008.
" accelerated execution of our integrated financial strategy with the resulting synergies increasingly visible. Ping An s 47 million customers are our most valuable resources, providing enormous opportunities for cross-selling. In 2008 the contribution of cross-selling was particularly promising: cross-selling accounted for 50.5% of newly issued bank credit cards, 14.3% of the premium income for the property and casualty insurance business and 14.9% of new assets entrusted under pension annuity investment management business. In addition, we completed the first phase of our back office centralization project, gradually putting in place an efficient, stable, cost-effective and multitask sharing operating platform.
Meanwhile, we successively launched Ping An One Account Management Services to enhance wealth management efficiency and Ping An Wanlitong Loyalty Points Program to promote customer loyalty in 2008. These initiatives are the first of their kind in the financial industry of China and are expected to become our unique edge and an important means for accelerating our integrated financial 
While being committed to business development and being responsible to our shareholders and customers, at Ping An we always bear in mind and actively fulfil our corporate social responsibility.
When a major earthquake struck Wenchuan in Sichuan in May 2008, we swiftly organized teams to carry out rescue and relief operations in the disaster-hit areas. We also began immediate work on claims investigations and verifications. Instead of celebrating Ping An s 20 th anniversary, we donated all funds that were earmarked for this event to the disaster-hit areas. Together with other donations, the Company donated approximately RMB40 million for disaster-relief in Sichuan, focusing in particular on the reconstruction and restoration of the elementary schools in the region. On a more personal level, staff throughout the Group donated a total of over RMB35 million the largest staff donation amongst insurance companies in China.
4. Located in the Shanghai Bank Card Industry Park, the Zhangjiang Integrated Operating Center of Ping An pioneered the concept of the financial workshop in the industry. Its back offices of more than 3,000 branches all over the country are centralized at this operating platform.
5. As one of the largest training institutes for enterprise in China, Ping An School of Financial Services is committed to its mission of turning knowledge into value by further enhancing the competitiveness of our 
6. On February 28, 2008, Ping An VIP Club was officially established to provide its members with comprehensive and value- added integrated financial 
7. On September 6, 2008, the New Rural Areas and New Hope voluntary teaching campaign of Ping An kicked 
In 2008, Ping An continued to maintain a leading position in terms of brand value. With regard to integrated strength, corporate governance and corporate social responsibility, we have won widespread recognition from Chinese and overseas rating agencies and media, and received a range of 
" In July 2008, after having been named twice as a Forbes 500 company, Ping An formally became a Fortune 500 company for the first time, ranking No. 1 amongst Chinese non- state-owned enterprises on the list.
" In April 2008, the Group received its seventh consecutive award as Most Respectable Enterprise in China by Economic Observer and the Management Case Research Center of Peking University.
" In the Assessment of Corporate Governance of Top 100 Chinese Listed Companies for 2008 issued by, among others, the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences in June 2008, Ping An was ranked No. 1 amongst 100 
" In December 2008, the Group was, for the second time, named as the Best Managed Insurance Company in Asia by Euromoney, an internationally renowned finance magazine.
" In December 2008, Ping An was identified as the Most Caring Domestic Enterprise , the highest national award in the philanthropic sector of China, by the second session of the China Philanthropy Conference.
In order to mitigate geographic concentration risk, diversify financial returns through global asset allocation, leverage foreign expertise in the development of an integrated financial platform and cross-selling, we acquired an aggregate 4.81% equity interests in Fortis after prudent consideration and due diligence. Unfortunately, the global financial crisis has caught many investors off guard and the share price of Fortis was not immune and dropped significantly. Consequently, the financial returns and synergies we expected at initial investment have since eroded. We will continue our efforts in Fortis to safeguard our investment interests. The 2008 global financial crisis prompted us to rethink the development path of the global economy and financial industries. The relationship between risk and reward goes hand in hand with our operating and investing activities, and we will always bear these lessons in mind. Looking forward, we will be mindful of risks associated with global financial market, and take measures to enhance and reinforce risk management in the pursuit of long-term stable returns.
2008 marked the 30 th anniversary of China s economic reform and open door policy. Being an enterprise born in such a great time and in Shekou, Shenzhen, the first Chinese city to implement such policy, Ping An has, within a short span of twenty years, transformed itself from a property and casualty insurer with only 13 staff members into an integrated financial services group that offers comprehensive financial services, as well as a Forbes 500 and Fortune 500 company. We would say that the development of Ping An over the past 20 years is a microcosm of China s thirty years of successful economic transformation.
Like China s reform and opening-up process, Ping An has also experienced a bumpy ride and suffered many setbacks and failures over the past twenty years of its development. That said, provided we can reflect on such occasions and profit from the lessons they impart, any setbacks and failures will strengthen us with valuable experience in the long term. This will allow greater stability as we progress, more robustness as we face new challenges and more optimism for our long-term vision. Accordingly, we are fully confident in Ping An s continuing development outlook and long-term 
Looking ahead into 2009, the negative impact of the global financial crisis will continue. The global economy slowdown intensifies, domestic economy remain severe and financial market is uncertain and unstable. All of these factors contribute to a more complex and unpredictable operating environment in which our performance will face much pressure and ongoing challenges. We will remain prepared and vigilant, strengthen our market assessment capabilities and implement corresponsive measures.
We will fully capitalize on various resources to realize the healthy and steady growth of our 
In the coming five years, we will continue to achieve the strategic objective of being financially integrated and internationally leading , and build an integrated financial services platform based on the concept of one customer, one account, multiple products and one-stop services . We will gradually achieve a balance among our three major businesses insurance, banking and investment and accomplish new advancements in company value, profitability, business structure, customer base and total assets.
For now, it is time to express our appreciation for the continuous support of Ping An s shareholders, the unparalleled leadership of our Board of Directors and the dedication of colleagues throughout the Group. Thanks to them, based on the advantages of the Group as an integrated financial services provider, our solid foundation and sound operation and management, we strongly believe that Ping An will achieve its objectives and deliver long- term, sustainable returns to all of our stakeholders, including the society of which we are a part.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
April 8, 2009 
