CEO S Statement Pursuit of Excellence in Quality Leading the Way to a Green Life Endeavor to Become One of the World s Top Ten 
Chief Executive Officer = I am pleased to present the annual results of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries ( Mengniu or the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2010 to our shareholders.
In 2010, China s rapid and sustained economic growth created favourable conditions for the steady growth of its dairy industry. However, upsurges in prices of raw materials and intense market competition also put dairy corporations under enormous pressure. Under such a tough environment, we adopted various initiatives to alleviate market pressure and achieved satisfactory results. According to statistics of China Industrial Information Issuing Centre under China s National Bureau of Statistics, Mengniu s dairy products ranked first, in both sales volume and sales value, among similar products in China for five consecutive years from 2006 to 2010.
Total revenue of the Group was RMB30,265.4 million for the year, representing a growth of 17.7%. Net profit attributable to owners of the Company increased to RMB1,237.3 million and basic earnings per share were RMB0.712. The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board of Directors ) recommended a final dividend payment of RMB0.16 per share for the year ended 31 December 2010.
Mengniu s sound performance in these challenging times was mainly attributable to the Group s advanced planning and decisive and effective measures. Through stringent cost control measures, we continued to streamline each source of costs and introduced cost saving proposals to reduce the cost burden. During the year, the Group carried out structural reform and merged horizontally similar departments though responsibilities and management mechanisms. Overall synergies to be created year-by-year will assist to reduce the costs of the Group.
In addition, we identified new opportunities for business development and successfully acquired Shijiazhuang Junlebao Dairy Co., Ltd. (w[T j[sNmi gPlQS), the largest yogurt manufacturer in northern China.
This competitor then became our partner to create development synergies in terms of milk sources, markets and channels in local competitive areas.
The win-win cooperation brought consolidation in the industry, further reinforcing the leading position of Mengniu in the national yogurt market.
Through ongoing optimisation of its product portfolio, the Group increased the proportion of high-end dairy products, and strengthened the market influence in various categories while maintaining steady growth of the Group s earnings, thereby boosting our position as a leading brand of China high-end dairy products. In particular, the Group s liquid milk segment maintained its competitive edge in the market with revenue increased by 18.2% to RMB26,871.8 million, accounting for 88.8% of the Group s revenue. Milk Deluxe (yrO), as a mainstay high-end product, continued to rank first in terms of market share in the high-end milk market segment. The Group launched a new product Milk Deluxe Chunxian ( yrO) , with phytosterol esters and food fibre, in addition to other existing products to cater for consumers pursuance of a healthy life. The well received and recognised Future Star Milk (*gOfRQzvY) series was upgraded as a whole by adding DHA algal oil, and was expanded with three new products, Upgraded Wisdom (GS}zfgaW) , Upgraded Vitality (GS};mRW) and Upgraded Youhu (GS}*QwW) , which catered for different stages of growth. Targeting female consumers, Mengniu also launched XinYangDao Zhenyang Milk (e 
[rvY) , which contains essences of food considered to be beneficial to blood circulation and skin beauty of females. These initiatives once again demonstrated Mengniu s emphasis on niche markets and care for the needs of different consumer groups. Featuring a high-end fashionable image, Fruit Milk Drink (wg |) obtained three independent intellectual property patents during the year. Suan Suan Ru (xxsN) series closely aligned its brand image with musical dreams through Mengniu Suan Suan Ru Music Dream Academy ([rxxsNj"Yx[b) and established one of the most influential charity platforms in China for teenage music fans to realise their dreams.
Our market share therefore steadily expanded. Mengniu also vigorously developed the yogurt market. Following on the heels of Champion (Qv sN) , our high-end brand, becoming the first yogurt product of the Group to obtain national certification as a health-care product, Mengniu went ahead to develop the natural, pure and quality Inner Mongolia Old Yogurt (gQS xvY) , which received an overwhelming market response together with Youyi C (*QvC) , which is rich with probiotic lactobacillus casein. During the year, revenue from our ice cream products, with the three major brands, Sui Bian () , Ice+ (Q+) and Mood for Green (}r_) , as mainstay products increased by 15.9% to RMB3,111.5 million, accounting for 10.3% of the Group s revenue. Revenue from other dairy products was RMB282.1 million, accounting for 0.9% of the Group s revenue. Catering for the taste preference of domestic consumers, the Group also conducted research and development ( R&D ) and innovations leading to the strategic promotion of three major product series, namely Family Breakfast Cheese ([e) , Growth Cheese (RQzbw) and Soft Cheese (sNj) to further expand into the cheese market.
Mengniu has always attached great importance to quality control, enhancement of milk sources and R&D capability, and has worked to ensure the quality edge and market adaptability of our products in each process.
During the year, the Chinese Academy of Inspection and Quarantine (-N WjWjuyx[xvzb) and Mengniu co-established the Joint Dairy Products Laboratory (sNToT[W[) to collaboratively develop and study new methods for supervision and control of food safety, marking Mengniu s position at the forefront of the industry in respect of research on and practice of food safety control. Furthermore, factory laboratories of the Group in five locations were granted the qualification certificates in recognition of their national management and technology standard.
In 2010, the Group further developed its milk source enhancement strategy by stepping up investment in the construction of the facilities in upstream and actively adopting the large-scale breeding model. In addition to the establishment of dairy farmers technology service centres (vYbS gR -N_) for the provision of all-round services, including technical support for scientific breeding, prevention of and treatment for diseases, etc., to dairy farmers, the Group also planned its raw milk distribution centering on the concept of Farm in the Front and Factory at the Back (MRgr_) to increase the proportion of raw milk sourcing from scaled farms and ranches with advanced husbandry techniques to more than 70%, thus ensuring good quality for Mengniu s dairy products starting at the source.Mengniu has been committed to the introduction of internationally advanced technologies and has established overseas R&D and information stations in Paris (France), Geneva (Switzerland) and Tokyo (Japan). The scientific research project themed Development of Lactic Acid Bacteria and Fermentation Agents with Self-owned Intellectual Property Rights (|v 
ksNxS|vuR) jointly conducted with the Harbin Institute of Technology also attained breakthrough progress. The project was evaluated by experts of the Chinese Institute of Food Science and Technology (-N W Tyx[bSx[g) in Beijing. The committee unanimously agreed that the achievement has attained the international standard and was vital to the development of lactic acid bacteria and the production of patented fermentation agents in China.
In line with the Government s requirements on economic transformation and environmental protection, Mengniu launched a new brand slogan High Quality for a Green Life (}YT }u;m) to redefine its determination towards product responsibility, public responsibility, practice and advocacy of a low-carbon lifestyle, and commitment to corporate responsibility as its mission. Taking the new brand slogan as a long-term objective, Mengniu is enhancing its production efficiency through continued application of energy saving and consumption reduction technologies. Internally, all waste water and other wastes generated in the course of production are to be recycled and reused to achieve zero emission. Mengniu also conveyed the Green concepts of low carbon and environmental protection to the public through promoting large-scale public environmental protection activities such as the campaign themed Ecological Movement Support China (uKaLR RR -N W), the online Carbon Test (x,nf) and initiated the use of packaging materials which were certified by FSC in the industry. These activities served as good illustration of both its social responsibility and contribution to a green and low-carbon economy to boost brand image and product sales.
With its numerous green community campaigns, Mengniu garnered the award as the Most-Watched Low Carbon Contribution Enterprise (gS lvNOx{sOmi'YNs) at the First Annual China Low Carbon Forum (NOx-N WXFtg), China s Outstanding Low Carbon and Energy Saving Enterprise (-N WNOx{*QyOmiNs) at the International Forum on Innovation and Development of High-tech Enterprises of the 13th CHITEC (,{AS NFyZSg-N WeOmi|vU WX) and the Eco- China Contribution Award (uKa-N W{sNs) during the First Ecological China Forum (FuKa-N WX) in 2010. These honours showcased its green achievements. Meanwhile, the Group spared no efforts on its long- term caring community campaigns and extended the Love Gifts Action (a_yirLR) to cover Guangai School in Beijing, Dabieshan School in Shanghai and Chaping Town School in An County, Mianyang City, Sichuan.
Coupled with ongoing community campaigns included a donation for relief for drought in southwestern China and disaster relief for the earthquake in Yushu, our image as an enterprise concerned about social responsibility was 
Our brand image again gained wide recognition during the year. In the Report of Global Dairy Enterprises issued by Rabobank, the Netherlands, in June 2010, Mengniu s ranking further jumped from 19th last year to 16th this year. Mengniu was one of the Top 500 Asian Brands (N2mT Lr5007_) for the fifth consecutive year, ranking 132nd in the list and the second among dairy enterprises in Asia. It also ranked as one of the Asia s Fab 50 Companies 2010 (2010tN2m NlQS507_) as compiled by Forbes, being the only dairy enterprise in China on the roll. In the meantime, Mengniu was ranked 20th among the Top 50 Most Valuable Chinese Brands 2010 (2010t-N WgwQP<PTLrlQS507_) published by WPP, a world leader in marketing communications.
In conclusion, we are proud of our achievements in 2010, as we managed to deliver remarkable results and marked a milestone in our history. The achievements were due to the concerted efforts of all Mengniu s staff in overcoming difficulties against the backdrop of various unfavourable conditions including an upsurge in raw material costs and intense industry competition during the past year.
In 2011, the first year within Mengniu s second five-year plan, the Group will enter an entirely new stage of development. Aiming for inclusion among the World s Top 10 Dairy Companies (NLusNmiMR107_) and internationalisation, the Group has formulated a clear business development strategy and a strategy to nurture core competencies. Passing through industry fluctuations in conjunction with the reformation of China s dairy industry in the past, Mengniu has long ago managed cohesion of the Group and overcome obstacles, which had led to its rapid emergence as a Chinese brand to be proud of and which will lead the Group towards the position of a world leading dairy brand in the future. The year 2011 is to be a meaningful year for the Group s development, as well as a year of hope 
On behalf of Mengniu, I would like to take this opportunity to express our heartfelt gratitude to all sectors of the society for their consistent support and affection. We will adhere to a serious and sincere work attitude and strengthen the capabilities of the Group to maximise returns for investors and shareholders. In addition, we will perform our responsibilities in a practical manner as an outstanding Chinese enterprise and contribute to the development of the China dairy industry and Chinese society as a whole.

