Chairman s statement We believe integrated financial solutions are increasingly becoming an industry trend, and will be critical for China to maintain its competitive position in the international financial industry. Following years of testing and practice, Ping An has established a mature operational platform underpinned by cross-selling which effectively drives well-balanced growth of the Group s three major businesses: insurance, banking and investment. It is the collective commitment, relentless effort and innovation of our 450 thousands agents and 130 thousands staff that are the backbone of our business success and enable us to pursue our vision of becoming a global leader in integrated financial services.
1. Lighting ceremony of Ping An s billboard at Ping An International Finance Centre in Lujiazui, Shanghai, in mid 2010. The giant neon sign became an immediate focal point of Lujiazui s 
2. On August 24, 2010, Ping An Health announced its strategic partnership with Discovery, South Africa s largest health insurance company, in a press conference in Beijing. The partnership was formed to help both companies tap the high-end health management and the emerging private health insurance markets in China.
3. As at the end of 2010, Ping An Bank achieved stable and healthy development across all lines of business. The bank has over 6 million accumulated credit cards issued.
2010 was a year of major breakthroughs for Ping An, a direct result of our proactive initiatives in face of the changing economic environment. Our total and net assets crossed over RMB1 trillion and RMB100 billion, respectively. Our three-pillar businesses, namely insurance, banking and investment, achieved an above industry-average growth, further enhancing our overall competitive edge.
During the year, we made notable progress in the banking sector by becoming the largest shareholder of Shenzhen Development Bank. The Company has established strategic cooperative partnership with Discovery, the largest health insurance company in South Africa. We also obtained official approval to set up Ping An-UOB Fund. These are all concrete steps taken by Ping An to implement its strategy of building a competitive integrated financial services business. In 2010, our overall profitability improved and the Company recorded a net profit of RMB17,938 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 23.9%, of which the banking and investment contribution increased to 31.5% from 23.7% in 
In 2010, each pillar of Ping An s businesses performed strongly. Notable achievements 
Our insurance business continued to grow at a rapid pace with premium income from the property and casualty division and life insurance business reaching a new high.
Ping An Life realized total written premiums of over RMB150 billion for the year, an increase of 20.2% compared to the previous 12 months. The increase was driven primarily by the growth in individual life insurance which commands a higher profit margin.
First-year written premiums from individual life insurance grew by 37.6% over the previous year. Premium income from Ping An Property & Casualty also posted a record high of over RMB60 billion, an increase of 61.4%, as our market share grew 2.5 percentage points to 15.4%. The second largest market position has been further consolidated.
Meanwhile, the combined ratio improved to 93.2%, our best to date, demonstrating the continuous improvement in the quality of our business. Our annuity business also kept a rapid and healthy development, three major performance indicators annuity payments received, assets entrusted and assets under management all maintained leading position in the industry. Our health insurance business has taken Discovery, the largest health insurance company in South Africa, as a strategic investor. This partnership will undoubtedly elevate Ping An s position within the highly competitive domestic health care insurance and health management market.
Ping An Bank reported a rapid and above market growth; Our strategic investment in Shenzhen Development Bank made a significant progress. Ping An Bank saw a stronger than average growth, reporting a net profit of RMB1,737 million, an increase of 60.8% compared to the previous year. Profit contribution from major businesses improved significantly. Balance of retail deposits increased by 61.9%, again outpacing the industry average. Credit card business, with over 6 million cards issued, saw profit for the first time while loans to SMEs grew by 78.6%.
The proportion of contribution from cross- selling increased across all businesses. In the first half of 2010, with the approvals from the relevant regulatory authorities, the Company accomplished share-swap transaction with NEWBRIDGE and subscription of new shares of Shenzhen Development Bank, and became the largest shareholder of SDB. The proposed restructuring plan of SDB and Ping An Bank has been passed in the extraordinary general meeting of SDB and Ping An, respectively in September and November, and is subject to approval from regulatory bodies. At present, the Company holds 29.99% of SDB s total shares. As an associate company of Ping An, Shenzhen Development Bank has already contributed a profit of RMB1,145 million in 
Investment banking business of Ping An Securities continued to hold its leading position in the market. The transformation of our trust business progressed remarkably. Formal approval to set up Ping An-UOB Fund was obtained successfully. Ping An Securities recorded a net profit of RMB1,594 million, representing an increase of 48.7% compared to last year. The investment banking business continued to top the SMEs and the GEM underwriting market, sponsoring 39 IPOs and 11 refinancing projects as lead underwriter.
We were ranked top in the league table by number of deals and underwriting fees for IPO transactions. Net profit of Ping An Trust increased by 71.5% to RMB1,039 million. We accelerated the wealth management business and optimized product structure, achieving remarkable progress in trust business transformation. Ping An Asset Management achieved a total investment yield of 4.9%, further demonstrating Ping An s investment capabilities in the industry. On December 28, 2010, Ping An-UOB Fund was established with the approval of the regulatory authorities, which is expected to add another dimension to the services offered by the Group and hence putting us one step closer to be an integrated financial services provider.
We put continuous efforts to build an integrated financial services platform, with synergies further realized from cross-selling among our business units. The second phase of our back-office centralization project which focuses on the further optimization of cost and support of cross- selling reported good progress and operated with efficient multi-centers. Our move towards centralization and resources sharing offered further cost-saving benefits. Ping An has established an effective management mechanism for cross-selling and a leading telesales platform. We are actively exploring innovative sales models and hardware facilities incorporating state-of-the-art IT. In 2010, 41.6% of automobile premium income of Ping An Property & Casualty came from cross- selling and telesales; 54.5% of the newly issued credit cards of Ping An Bank were generated from cross-selling channels, and 34.8% of the newly added retail deposits grew out of cross-selling. In addition, cross-selling significantly contributed to the trust business and the increment in daily average size of corporate deposits, reached the percentage of 14.1% and 21.1% in contribution, respectively.

In 2010, the Ping An brand continued to lead the market, with general recognition for overall strength, financial credibility, investor relations and corporate social responsibility from rating agencies and both the domestic and international media. The honors we received 
Ranked 383 in Fortune s Global 500, an improvement of 79 places from 2008 and we came first among the non-SOE mainland 
Placed among the top 500 of Forbes Global 2000 and Financial Times Global 500 largest companies by market capitalization.
Recognized by the Wall Street Journal in their latest corporate ranking, 2010 Asia Top 200 , as one of the top ten companies with the Financial Reputation in China.
Awarded the Best investor relations by a CEO , Best investor relations website webcasting and Best overall investor relations by a mainland Chinese company non-SOE by IR Magazine . Ping An was the only insurance company on the winners 
Received three prestigious awards for corporate social responsibility in China.
Recognized as the Most Socially Responsible Company in China for the fifth time; named the 2010 Best Chinese Corporate Citizen for the sixth time; and presented with the 2010 Chinese Excellent Enterprise in China Business News List of Corporate Social 
4. Ping An back-office operation center at Shanghai Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park has the capacity of holding 200,000 staff, all working at the same time.
5. On December 28, 2010, Ping An-UOB Fund was established with the approval of the regulatory authorities.
6. On February 2, 2010, at a press conference in Beijing Ping An reaffirmed its commitment to enhancing service and pledged to shorten the time it takes for vehicle insurance claim reimbursement of less than RMB10,000 from three days to one day. Meanwhile, Ping An Life also launched Policy E-service , an innovative service that enables customers to carry out more than 30 categories of insurance service 
In 2010, we were committed to improving our corporate governance practice against higher standards moving from merely in compliance with listing rules and regulations. The General Meeting, the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the senior management operated independently and performed their respective rights and obligations in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company. The Board actively contributed in various aspects, including strategic planning, investment decision, risk management, internal control and compliance, corporate social responsibility as well as talent recruitment and appointment. For the outstanding performance of the Company s corporate governance, we received awards including the Asian Excellence Recognition Awards by Corporate Governance Asia , Hong Kong Corporate Governance Excellence Awards 2010 by Chamber of Hong Kong Listed Companies (CHKLC) and the Centre for Corporate Governance and Financial Policy in conjunction with Hong Kong Baptist University (CCGFP), the Best Managed Insurance Company in Asia 2010 by Euromoney and China s Best Managed Company Awards by 
The year 2011 is one full of challenges and opportunities and we believe opportunities abound. Domestic and global macroeconomic conditions and the financial industry are undergoing fundamental changes. Rising cost pressures from inflation in mainland China is expected to present more complex operational challenges. Nevertheless, we believe that China s economy will continue to maintain a relatively fast and healthy development, resident income and the demand for financial services will continue to rise, and China will deepen its reform of the financial system. All of these factors present vast opportunities for the growth of China s financial and insurance 
To embrace and tackle these challenges, we have made thorough plans and we are committed and ready to take on the challenges.
In line with the strategic goal of becoming a leading international integrated financial group, we will continue to strengthen the core competences of all business lines and maintain a steady growth. At the same time, we will continue to improve channels, products and management platforms to facilitate cross- selling. We will strive to move forward with the integrated financial services back-office centralization project and actively explore an innovative development model that combines modern technology with financial services. We will also actively and efficiently integrate SDB with Ping An Bank, fully leverage the synergies of the Group to achieve a rapid and effective development of our banking business, and strengthen the implementation of our strategic objective, to offer integrated approach to 
As a final note, I would like to say thank you to all our directors and supervisors for their invaluable contributions; to our shareholders and to the public for their long-term support; to all our Ping An staff for their dedication and team work. I believe that, as we work together in the pursuit of excellence, we will continue to reach new heights, achieve new breakthroughs, and deliver a brighter future for Ping An as an international leading integrated financial 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
March 29, 2011 
