Chairman s Statement Living in a country of 1.3 billion, we are surrounded everyday by individuals in pursuit of a better and more prosperous life, whether in the affluent city or in the remote countryside. Such aspirations have translated into a remarkable set of macroeconomic data: GDP, total resident consumption, resident savings and per capita income, etc. The 18th CPC National Congress presented to us a grand vision of the future: urbanization, the Income Doubling Programme, developing a well-off society and so forth, which conjures an enticing and exciting picture even to a finance veteran like me who witnessed the first three decades following the reforming and opening up of China. China s personal financial services industry will undoubtedly herald immense and brand new development opportunities in the future.
1. Ping An Life won the 2012 award for Best Life Insurance Company in recognition of its achievements in service innovation, such as the Mobile 
2. Ping An Life met its commitment to 72-hour settlement for standard cases with full documentation for 99.78% of all 
3. In 2012, Ping An Property & Casualty introduced Fast Payment, Easy Claim and Free Road-side Service Formula as a major upgrade of its Fast, Easy and Free service promise, making it the industry s first innovative service model integrating insurance, inspection, compensation and other related 
After 25 years of exploration and implementation, Ping An has become one of China s leading personal financial services groups. However, our aspirations for the future have yet to be fully realized. Our management team and I will lead over 700 thousand Ping An employees from both front and back offices, to exemplify the spirit of self-improvement, explore new frontiers and innovate, and promote the tighter integration of modern technology and conventional finance. We will provide a comprehensive consumer experience for personal financial services befitting our One Customer, One Account, Multiple Products and One-Stop Services slogan, which will resonate with our brand philosophy of Expertise Makes Life Simple . We will strive to make Ping An the leading personal financial services group in China offering the best customer experience, ultimately fulfilling our grand vision of being an internationally leading integrated financial services group.
Before looking towards a brighter future, let us first review Ping An s overall operating performance in 2012.
2012 was an extraordinary year. Against a slowing Chinese economy, the financial industry faced a number of negative factors including an anemic capital market, a rising non-performing loan ratio in the banking industry and weakened demand for life insurance.
Facing the complex and changing environment in both our international and domestic markets, we proactively adapted our strategies to tackle the challenges in the market head on. Thanks to our well-established integrated financial strategy and the competitive edge accruing from our platform, our three pillars of business, namely insurance, banking and investment, continued to achieve healthy and stable growth despite the adverse conditions. With the integration of the Original Shenzhen Development Bank and the Original Ping An Bank successfully completed, the new Ping An Bank was formally launched and unveiled to customers with a brand new image. Operating under a unified Ping An brand reinforced our capabilities to provide diversified financial services to our customers while further honing our overall competitiveness, buffering us against the cyclical ups and downs inherent in the financial industry.
This year, our key indicators such as total assets, net assets and net profits recorded stable growth. As at December 31, 2012, the Company had total assets of RMB2,844,266 million, representing an increase of 24.5% compared with the end of last year. Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company stood at RMB159,617 million, up 22.0%.
Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company reached RMB20,050 million, marking an increase 
Looking back at the past year s operations, we achieved outstanding performance in the following aspects: Our life insurance and property and casualty insurance maintained growth above the market average while service quality was continuously improved. Our annuity business maintained its leading position in the industry. Written premiums of life insurance reached RMB199,483 million, an increase of 6.5% compared with last year. Out of this, written premiums from the more profitable individual life insurance business reached RMB176,068 million, an increase of 10.0% over last year. The market share of Ping An Life rose by 0.5 percentage points to 12.9% from 2011. Through its consistent track record in service innovations such as the E-sales platform and the Mobile Integrated Terminal (MIT), Ping An was given the Best Life Insurance Company of 2012 award. Leveraging its increasingly professionalized operations and advanced service standards, Ping An Property & Casualty achieved stable business growth and a recorded premium income of RMB98,786 million, while its accumulated premium growth reached 18.5%, which surpassed the market average level. Its market share increased by 0.5 percentage points to 17.9% from 2011. The three major performance indicators of our annuity business annuity payments received, assets entrusted, and assets under investment management all maintained their lead in the annuity industry. The Hiking the World Vitality health promotion program, the first of its kind in China originally launched by Ping An Health, has brought with it new opportunities for 
Our Banking business completed the merger of the legal entities of Original Ping An Bank and Original Shenzhen Development Bank, as well as the name change and integration of their respective IT systems. The integration of the two banks was executed flawlessly leading up to its completion, while the business maintained stable growth. On July 27, 2012, the new bank after merger formally changed its name to Ping An Bank Co., Ltd . As the name change and systems integration went smoothly, the integrated finances of the new Ping An Bank grew at an accelerated pace. In 2012, the banking business contributed RMB6,870 million in profits to the Group. Total assets of Ping An Bank reached RMB1.61 trillion, demonstrating the growing scale of the bank s business and greater overall strength. Superior businesses such as credit card, automobile finance, trade finance and interbank lending stood out with their product features, giving them a lead over their peers. We opened a new branch in Zhengzhou and completed our planning for the new Xi an branch, bringing the number of new business outlets for the year to 55 for a more comprehensive network coverage. Our capital adequacy ratio and core capital adequacy ratio were maintained at strong levels of 11.37% and 8.59%, respectively.
4. With the renaming and the online systems integration completed, the development of new Ping An Bank s integrated financial services started to take off.
5. Ping An Bank s businesses and products, such as its credit card, automobile finance, trade finance and interbank lending divisions, continued to stand out in the 
6. Ping An Securities successfully sponsored 14 IPOs and 2 refinancing projects as the lead underwriter in 2012, ranking third by deal count and IPO underwriting revenue. It also completed 44 corporate bond issuances as the lead underwriter, with the number of deals up by 159% over the 
7. Ping An participated in the Green Hope Project in 2012, collaborating with the China Youth Development Foundation to plant 10,000 acres of Ping An forest across ten provinces and 
8. Ping An set up over 100 Ping An Hope Primary Schools and signed up over 2,000 volunteers from different walks of life for its rural teacher program, which has benefited nearly 30,000 students.
Ping An Trust, our personal wealth management business, grew at a steady pace while our investment banking business of Ping An Securities, commanded a leading position in the market. On the back of the personal wealth management business s steady growth, assets held in trust reached RMB212,025 million, up 8.1% compared to the end of 2011. The number of high net worth customers exceeded 18,000. By virtue of its solid business performance and outstanding services, Ping An Trust was named the China Outstanding Trust Company for the fourth consecutive time. In 2012, Ping An Securities successfully sponsored 14 IPOs and two refinancing projects as lead underwriter, and ranked third by the number of deals and underwriting revenue for IPO transactions. We also sponsored 44 bond projects as lead underwriter, and handled more deals compared to last year. By changing its asset structure through constant reinforcement and applying innovative investment techniques, Ping An Asset Management augmented the core competitiveness of its investments, ensuring a better-than-market asset 
Cross-selling synergy has long been our unique advantage in business development, which has been continuously strengthened during the year. We raised our service levels, further realizing the best customer experience of multiple products, one-stop services . In 2012, the Company made improvements to its cross-selling and remote selling management platforms to generate growing synergies. In 2012, 55.0% of the premium income of Ping An Property & Casualty s automobile insurance was generated by cross-selling and telemarketing.
For Ping An Bank, cross-selling and telemarketing contributed 53.6% of the new credit cards issued and cross-selling also accounted for 15.9% of new retail deposits. In 2012, the back office implemented measures such as operations sharing and increased automation to improve operations. As a result, average processing time per claim for life insurance and automobile insurance were 11.84 hours and 8.04 hours, respectively, which were facilitated by the continuous improvement in our insurance claims service. Ping An Life has committed itself to fulfilling the practice of Settlement within 72 hours for standard cases with full documentation and achieved a 99.78% success rate. Ping An Property & Casualty was also the first in the industry to attempt to complete the entire insurance claim process within a specific timeframe, achieving a success rate of 93.48% in honoring its commitment to the practice of Receiving settlement within 72 hours from the report for claims below 
Honors and Awards In 2012, we continued to maintain a leading position in terms of brand value. Our comprehensive strength and efforts in corporate governance and corporate social responsibility have won us numerous accolades and awards at home and aboard from independent third parties such as rating agencies and the media.
Ranked 242nd in Fortune Global 500 and maintained top ranking among mainland Chinese companies in the 
Included in the Forbes Global 2000 for the eighth time, ranking 100th.
Included in the Financial Times Global 500, ranking 
Ranked 78th in the Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands by Millard Brown.
Named Best Managed Insurer in Asia by Euromoney for the fourth consecutive year; Winner of Corporate Governance Asia Recognition Awards for six consecutive years and named Best Investor Relations by a Chinese Company by Corporate Governance Asia .
Eight-time consecutive Winner of the Best Corporate Citizen award by the 21st Century Business Herald ; six-time consecutive winner of the Most Responsible Enterprise award by China News Weekly ; eleven-time consecutive winner of the Most Respected Company by The Economic 
In 2012, we continued to promote green finance, emphasizing the value of education for the public good and striving to become the role model for corporate social responsibility and corporate citizenship in China. In terms of environmental protection, we have embedded corporate social responsibility in our individual businesses such as insurance, banking and investment, through our Low Carbon 100 campaign run over the last two years. These efforts to lower our carbon footprint have borne fruit: More than 10 million customers subscribed to our paperless email service in 2012, placing us in a leading position in the finance and insurance sectors. The widespread adoption of the upgraded smart version of our MIT platform further underscores our lead in the I.T services platform, giving our customers a one-stop shop for integrated financial services which is more convenient and effective, while being more flexible and environmentally friendly. The amount of paper saved from switching to high-efficiency services such as email, MIT platform, electronic policies, online policyholder services and electronic bills was approximately 890.6 tons. This was matched by steep falls in manpower needs and operational costs. This year, we actively participated in Project Green Hope, establishing 10,000 acres of Ping An forest land in 10 provinces and regions in collaboration with the China Youth Development Foundation. On the education front, Ping An sponsored the construction of more than 100 Ping An Hope Primary Schools and over 17 Aspiration Centers housing multi-media classrooms. Over 2,000 volunteers participated in our education initiative, helping nearly 30,000 students.
Since the start of our educational welfare projects, 8,134 students have enrolled in the Ping An Hope Primary Schools on a cumulative basis, receiving Ping An Hope Scholarships worth RMB4.533 million.
More than RMB10 million has been awarded to 4,820 college students through the Endeavour Scheme Thesis Award and Future Entrepreneur Award.
Charitable donations have exceeded RMB100 million.

In 2012, we committed ourselves to improving our corporate governance practice in strict compliance with relevant laws and regulations, with due consideration given to our operating conditions.
The general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee and the senior management of the Company operated independently and performed their respective rights and obligations in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company. The Board actively contributed in various aspects, including strategic planning, investment decision, risk management, internal control and compliance, corporate social responsibility as well as talent recruitment and appointment. In recognition of our outstanding corporate governance, we received numerous awards including the Best Corporate Governance Disclosure Awards Gold Award in H-Share Companies and Other Mainland Enterprises Category by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the 2012 Asia Excellence Award by Corporate Governance Asia magazine, the Best Managed Asia Company 2012 award by Finance Asia , as well as the 2012 Best Board of Listed Companies in China issued by renowned Chinese wealth management media 
Despite our credible results in the past year, the accomplishments of two young friends (who share my surname) put paid to any smugness or self- congratulatory mood. The figures marking their achievements deeply moved me. One was the RMB19.1 billion single-day sale by Alibaba Group on November 11, 2012, while the other one was the 300 million users breakthrough by Tencent s WeChat. These figures deepened my sense of conviction about the immense potential of China s personal consumption market, and the power of new technology in reshaping the face of business across the world. It is our calling and duty to make the most of these trends by closely tracking or even leading the changes in financial consumption and lifestyles. After 25 years of exploration and implementation, we have secured licences spanning the entire financial industry including insurance, banking, securities, trust and funds. This let us establish a leading integrated financial services platform in China, upon which we gradually established our competitive advantages in the personal financial services field: our comprehensive product lines, all-inclusive quality service, full- coverage networks and channels, highly efficient agency teams, leading technological innovation and strong brand support, among others. In a complex financial market, from insurance and banking to investment, our goal is to simplify the complex; to make our customers lives simpler and save them time, hassle and effort with our new consumer experience of One Customer, One Account, Multiple Products, One-Stop Service ; and to become the leading personal integrated financial services provider in China, offering the best customer 
While there is still a sense of trepidation when we look to the future, we remain confident of what is to come. With the advent of urbanization and the rise of national income in China, there is huge potential for the growth of mass consumption. The personal consumption market is expected to maintain its rapid growth in the long run, which will stimulate consumption demand for personal financial services and promote the sustainable development of the society and economy. It also lays a solid foundation for the in-depth execution of our integrated financial strategy and our healthy growth in the future. At the same time, modern technology as represented by mobile internet, large data and cloud computing is developing rapidly, merging forms and permeating into traditional industries. Not only does this give rise to a brand new lifestyle and consumer experience for every individual, it also reshapes the eco-systems of various industries as well as the organization and operations of modern corporations.
New business opportunities and business models also spring forth, with some changes even subversive and revolutionary in nature. This introduces new competition to the financial industry and prompts the gradual improvement or even the complete restructuring of traditional finance s operational model. The intensifying competition focused on the customer experience will have far- reaching influence on the competitive landscape and rules of competition in traditional financial markets.
The Ping An team and I do not fear challenges, and dare to innovate and explore. We will fully capitalize on growth opportunities in our times, and ensure that while our traditional businesses enjoy in line with market growth while leading in quality , we will explore the tight integration of modern technology with traditional finance, create the momentum to stay ahead of the market, and promote innovative development in China s financial industry.
In the year ahead, Ping An will celebrate its 25th anniversary. We believe that with the support of all shareholders and the leadership of the Board of Directors, we can leverage the strength of our organization, culture and talent to keep our finger on the contemporary pulse, and exemplify our Expertise Makes Life Simple philosophy in providing a simple, efficient, and convenient one- stop financial services experience for customers. This will bring us healthy and sustainable growth compatible with our values, and enable us to gradually become the leading personal financial services group in China offering the best customer experience, as well as to create value for our shareholders, customers, employees and society through stable and continuous growth.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
March 14, 2013 
