Chairman s statement Ping An has strived to become a leading integrated financial services provider . We have been exploring this core strategy ever since our establishment. It is a strategy which comes naturally with our core competency and advantages that built up throughout our development.
It is a strategy that forms the core part of our development in the next decade. It is a strategy that we choose to cope with the mega trend in the development of financial industry of China.
1. On August 19, 2009, Ping An One Account Management Services was launched to the market with Lu Chen and Shang Wenjie as prolocutors. As of the end of 2009, its registered accounts exceeded 4 million.
2. On April 10, 2009, the Guangzhou Branch of Ping An Bank was inaugurated, showing the development momentum with stable business and huge potential of Ping An Bank.
3. In 2009, Ping An s credit cards business retained a rapid growth with cards in circulation exceeding 3.40 million, and we managed to launch our credit card business without having a physical branch presence in Beijing.
2009 was a year full of challenges. Facing the serious impact of the global financial crisis and complex internal and external environment, the Chinese people persevered and overcame these challenges. As a result, China was the first major economy to recover from the financial crisis. In 2009, Ping An resolutely sought business opportunities and achieved rapid, healthy and sustainable development in all of its three core businesses insurance, banking and investment. Overall profitability greatly improved: the Company realized a net profit of RMB14,482 million for the year, representing a significant increase over 2008.

Looking back 2009, our notable achievements are highlighted as follows: Our insurance business maintained strong growth momentum. Market share of both the life insurance business and the property and casualty insurance business increased.
Our life insurance business achieved total written premiums of RMB134,503 million, an increase of 31.4% compared to the previous year. Market share increased 2.5 percentage points compared to that of 2008. The relatively more profitable individual life insurance sector continued its core contribution to our life insurance business, increased by 26.2% year-on- year. Premium income for our property and casualty insurance business reached the unprecedented level of RMB30 billion, with market share at 12.9%, putting us at 2nd place in the market. Despite the rapid increase in our business scale, the quality of our services has continuously improved.
Combined ratio for our property and casualty insurance business improved by 5.1 percentage points to 98.9% compared to the previous year. Our annuity business also progressed smoothly, with three major indicators-- annuity payments received, assets entrusted and assets under investment management-- all ranking high compared to peer professional annuity companies.
Our banking business grew rapidly and solidly. As of the end of 2009, the total assets of Ping An Bank exceeded RMB220 billion, with deposit and loan balances increased by 39.6% and 48.4% respectively year-over-year. The number of accumulated credit cards in circulation exceeded 3.4 million, with the total transaction amount above RMB36 billion. While growing at this fast pace, we managed to maintain good asset quality and keep the ratio of non- performing loans at 0.46%, a result that was at top-tier level within the industry.
We opened our Guangzhou, Hangzhou and Dongguan branches successfully, and we were able to launch our credit card business without having a physical branch presence in Beijing. All these achievements further expanded our business channels.
Our investment business dealt skillfully with capital market volatility, optimizing asset allocation, and achieving excellent results in our securities investment banking and trust asset management businesses.
Ping An Asset Management strengthened its macroeconomic research capability and grasped market opportunities which resulted in a total investment yield of 6.4% in 2009.
This not only contributed to the Company s profits but also further enhanced its good reputation in the industry. The investment banking division of Ping An Securities maintained its leading position among small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) market and in the Growth Enterprises Market (GEM), acting as a lead underwriter. Assets held in trust under the management of Ping An Trust amounted to RMB130,551 million, representing year-on-year growth of more than 100%, a historical breakthrough that further strengthens Ping An s industry leading 
The construction of our integrated financial platform progressed smoothly, and our cross-selling strategy captured synergies across our businesses. In 2009, the results of cross-selling were remarkable and its contribution had been adding weight: 56.5% of newly issued credit cards and 14.5% of premium income for the property and casualty insurance business came from cross-selling. In addition, we completed the first phase of our back office centralization project, resulting in an efficient, stable, cost- effective shared operating platform. In August 2009, the Company officially launched the Ping An One Account Management Services, offering centralized account integration and account management. This platform provides our customers with one-stop services for multiple financial products, a significant milestone in Ping An s efforts to offer integrated financial services. At the end of December 2009, Ping An One Account Management Services had 4 million registered 
Commitment to Our Shareholders, Customers, Employees and Society Was 
In summary, Ping An has been resilient in facing challenges and made good achievements in 2009 to start our third decade of development. Since 2008, Ping An has faced a series of unprecedented challenges and has endured one of the harshest periods since the Company s establishment. As we have stuck to our core principles, with a stable financial strength and our leading position in integrated financial services, together with the joint efforts of every Ping An staff, we have successfully overcome the challenges. We are a young company and will prevail and grow more mature and robust in the midst of this challenging environment. Written premiums of our life insurance business reached RMB130 billion, and premium income of our property and casualty insurance business ranked the second in the market. We made the strategic decision to invest in Shenzhen Development Bank, and we successfully launched the innovative service platform, namely Ping An One Account Management Services. All of these achievements in 2009 demonstrated again that Ping An can overcome various difficulties and become stronger and more mature. We are very confident in Ping An s prospects and long-term investment value.
In 2009, we introduced the tagline Ping An, our Commitment to You to emphasize the quality of our customer service. Several campaigns were successfully launched to support this commitment, setting several industry-leading standards. Ping An Property & Casualty pledged to abide by claim reimbursement within 3 days for claims below RMB10,000 when submitted with complete documentation . Ping An Life launched let us help you find reasons to claim . Ping An Credit Card introduced 72-hour protection in the event of card loss and Ping An Bank offered customers free global ATM withdrawal and 4. As a centralized financial service platform, Ping An s back-office operating management center provides a solid foundation for Ping An to achieve its integrated financial strategy of one customer, one account, multiple products and one-stop 
5. On August 6, 2009, Ping An Trust entered into a strategic framework agreement of cooperative investment with Gemdale Group. Ping An Trust will invest in the project developed by Gemdale, with a scale likely reaching RMB10 billion in the next three years.
6. In late October 2009, Ren Huichuan, Chairman of Ping An Property & Casualty, served as a volunteer teacher in a Hope Primary School of Ping An in Xiaotuoluo, Zhijin County, Guizhou Province. In 2009, Ping An continued to perform its obligations as a corporate citizen through various 
online remittance, E-banking security . The market strongly welcomed these campaigns, which further enhanced Ping An s brand awareness and reputation and effectively promoted the business of our various subsidiaries in a synergistic way, reinforcing the advantages of our integrated model. All these efforts are in the spirit of our motto: Go first, Act first, Innovate and Develop .
2009 was a year which Ping An put more efforts in supporting our staff and propelling mutual development between staff and the Company. It was our corporate culture that stuck us together cohesively in tough times, it was the expertise and dedication of our highly loyal staff that had helped us endure the challenges brought about by the financial crisis. For staff development, in 2009 we launched the Horn Action , a corporate cultural campaign which promoted a sound and effective performance measurement system that based on clear accountability and positive internal competition. Embracing the spirit of performance-driven staff compensation system, we assure our staff a flexible and competitive compensation system which enables them to benefit from the fast development of the Company. We continued to emphasize staff training and education, providing them with an open and state-of-the-art learning environment. By the end of 2009, we have established 80 training centers in China and our annual training cost reached RMB387 million. Meanwhile, we also concern very much about our staff s physical and mental health, through creating an amicable atmosphere with diversified recreational activities.
2009 was also a year demonstrating Ping An s full commitment to Corporate Social Responsibility. One year lapsed, the devastating May 12, 2008 earthquake in Wenchuan, Sichuan province was still in our mind, therefore, we donated a first tranche of RMB10 million to establish the China Ping An Hope Scholarship to help students who are living in poverty attending Ping An Hope primary schools across China. So far, Ping An has established 52 Hope Primary Schools in poor areas across China and has a plan to get to a total of 100 schools by the end of 2011. In December 2009, the Company contributed RMB5 million to China Ping An Encouragement Fund to be administered by the China Youth Development Foundation to encourage and help misfortunate college students, as well as to support the China Ping An Encouraging Scheme to operate continuously and orderly. Ping An was widely acknowledged by the public for its corporate social practices in 2009: winning Most Respected Enterprise in China for the 8th time, Best Corporate Citizen in China for the 5th time, and being nominated for the Outstanding Enterprise Award for Corporate Social Responsibility in China from varied authoritative rating agencies.

Ping An has strived to become a leading integrated financial services provider . We have been exploring this core strategy ever since our establishment. It is a strategy which comes naturally with our core competency and advantages that built up throughout our development. It is a strategy that forms the core part of our development in the next decade. It is a strategy that we choose to cope with the mega trend in the development of financial industry of China. In 2009, we made a good start, and in 2010, we will stay confidently on course, be committed to enhancing our competitiveness on all fronts and to maintaining profitable, sustainable business growth, surpassing the market benchmark.
We will deepen and widen our cross-selling efforts to further realize synergies of integrated finance. We will push forward the second phase in our back office centralization plan.
We will continuously deepen reforms of the front and middle office, and realize more advantages from integration and resource sharing. Meanwhile, we will steadily push on the execution of investment in Shenzhen Development Bank to support our integrated financial services strategy and enhance our long-term corporate value.
The global financial crisis has a profound impact on the global economy and the financial services industry. The ever changing macroeconomic picture makes the operating environment of the financial industry increasingly complicated, posing great challenges to our long-term steady development. However, we also see that China s economy is moving toward a promising direction. As personal wealth continues to accumulate in China, we maintain an optimistic outlook and believe that there is huge potential demand for the integrated financial products and services.
Therefore, these are rare and valuable opportunities presented to us. We shall keep up with the pace of change, strengthen our core values, exploit potential opportunities, turn pressure into motivation, turn challenge into opportunity, take our efforts to become an integrated financial services provider , and continue to generate long-term steady value for our shareholders, customers, employees and 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
April 16, 2010 
