Chairman s Statement The rise of integrated finance is inevitable in the course of the development of the financial industry in the long run. Ping An is, and has always been, devoted to the pursuit of becoming an internationally leading integrated financial services group. The term integrated finance signifies the best customer experience that one can come to expect from a company like ours. It begins with one customer and one account, through which a multitude of products and one-stop services are readily available to the customer. The path to becoming a top tier financial group internationally begins with being professional in everything we do, and setting higher benchmarks in the different sectors of the financial industry. This will ultimately benefit our shareholders, customers, employees and the community as we create long term value in a sustainable 
1. Ping An pioneered the concept of Finance Factory in China s finance and insurance industry with the establishment of the Shanghai Zhangjiang Support Centre which centralizes the back-office functions of its 
2. Ping An-UOB Fund is the largest Sino-foreign joint venture fund in China to date by registered capital. The establishment of Ping An-UOB Fund has made Ping An s investment business more complete and has further complemented its integrated 
3. The private wealth management business of Ping An Trust turns in fine performance, with the number of high net-worth customers reaching more than 10,000 and third-party assets under management approaching 
We are living in an era where the customer experience is paramount. It is a time abundant with innovations and opportunities. The development in science and technology has made life easier for people in all corners of the world. Ping An is fortunate to be one of the pioneers of this evolution. We want to transcend the traditional thinking that different financial services must be conducted through different financial institutions. Our mission is to use our expertise to deliver one-stop services to customers, which we believe is the very essence of customer experience, and which resonates with our belief that Expertise Makes Life Simple .
Innovation is a continuous process of growth and renewal, filled with give and take along the way. In 2011, we were faced with a severe and complicated macroeconomic environment. But we responded to market changes and challenges in a proactive manner, and persevered with the belief that the bedrock of our existence is professionalism, value and innovation. We strived to provide one- stop integrated financial services to our customers, with an emphasis on offering them a more convenient and valuable consumer experience. At the same time, we further strengthened our integrated financial platform. As a result, our three pillar businesses, namely insurance, banking and investment, all delivered steady and healthy growth. The Group s total assets exceeded RMB2 trillion. The standards of our corporate governance and risk management continued to improve, along with our growing competitive strength. The Group also pressed ahead with the integration of its banking business by successfully completing the acquisition of a controlling stake in SDB. Our banking business was further enhanced, which not only complements our integrated financial services but also provides us with added protection against the cyclical impacts inherent in the financial 
As at December 31, 2011, total assets of the Company were RMB2,285,424 million, representing an increase of 95.1% as compared with the beginning of the year. Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company was RMB130,867 million, representing an increase of 16.8% as compared with the beginning of the year. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company for the year was RMB19,475 million, representing an increase of 12.5% as compared with the previous year. The Company was affected by an one- off accounting treatment of RMB1,952 million as a result of the consolidation of SDB s financial statements in the third quarter. Excluding this factor, the Company realized a net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company of RMB21,427 million for the year, representing an increase of 23.8% as compared with the previous year.

In 2011, each pillar of Ping An s businesses performed strongly. Notable 
Our insurance business maintained a fast and healthy growth momentum with stable increases in both scale and the number of agents of our life insurance business. Premium income of our property and casualty insurance business exceeded RMB80 billion. Written premiums of life insurance were RMB187,256 million, representing an increase of 13.9% as compared with last year. Among which, written premiums from the more profitable individual life insurance business were RMB159,990 million, representing an increase of 22.9% as compared with last year.
The market share of Ping An Life increased by 1.3 percentage points to 16.4% as compared with 2010.
Through continued expansion of sales channels, the number of sales agents of individual life insurance steadily increased to 487 thousand, representing an increase of 7.4% as compared with the end of last year.
The Mobile Integrated Terminal (MIT) was also widely implemented, which contributed to the continued increase of per capita productivity. More than 400,000 agents had used MIT, and over 3.5 million customers insured through MIT. New policies secured through MIT accounted for 62.9% for the whole year and exceeded 90% on a monthly basis in December.
Premium income of Ping An Property & Casualty surged 34.2%, exceeding RMB80 billion, while market share increased by 2.0 percentage points to 17.4% from the end of last year, which further consolidated its position as the second largest leader in the market. We also made satisfactory progress on professionalizing operation channels. Premium income from cross-selling and telephone marketing increased by 61.6% and accounted for a higher proportion of sales through channels at 41.2%. While our business maintained a rapid pace of growth, its quality remained sound, with combined ratio remaining at a remarkable 93.5%. Our annuity business also achieved rapid and healthy growth, with three major performance indicators annuity payments received, assets entrusted, and assets under investment management all maintaining leading positions in the annuity industry. On health insurance business, through the introduction of intellectual property rights of business systems (e.g. Claims System) and management tools (e.g. Medical Risk Management tool) from the South African company Discovery, we took gradual steps to set up a professional medical risk management platform as well as a foundation for products and services innovation, which had established our core competencies in the mid-to-high-end medical insurance 
4. In 2011, Ping An successfully completed its major asset restructuring plan. SDB has since then become a subsidiary of Ping An while Ping An Bank has in turn become a subsidiary of SDB. The integration of the two banks paves the way towards the goal of becoming the best commercial bank in China.
5. In 2011, Ping An was named the winner of The Most Respected Companies of China 10 Years Achievement Award for its commitment to shareholders, customers, employees and the community. Ping An was the only integrated financial services group to have been given the award, and one of only two companies to have won the honour in the award s 10 years 
6. In 2011, Ping An completed its plan to help build 100 Hope Primary Schools and 12 Dream Center multimedia classrooms.
A total of 1,527 volunteers have participated in the Company s rural teacher program which has benefitted 20,982 students so far.
7. Ping An was the only insurance partner of the 26th Summer Universiade held in Shenzhen in August 2011. During the event, Ping An operated the Ping An Universiade Stadium in the New Universiade Town in Longgang, 
Successfully completed the major asset restructuring through transactions to gain control of SDB, profit from our banking business significantly increased by 176.8% as compared with last year and total assets of the bank after merger exceeded RMB1.2 trillion. In July 2011, the Company successfully completed the major asset restructuring to gain control of SDB. The Company and its subsidiaries hold 52.38% of the issued shares of SDB, which has since become a subsidiary of Ping An. Ping An Bank in turn has become a subsidiary of SDB. In 2011, profit contributed by our banking business amounted to RMB7,977 million, a significant increase of 176.8%. After the merger with Ping An Bank, the overall strength of SDB was further enhanced with total assets exceeding RMB1.2 trillion. During the transition period of the integration of the banks, our banking business maintained its solid pace and good quality. Total deposits amounted to RMB850,845 million, an increase of 14.2%, of which retail deposits amounted to RMB152,280 million, up 30.3%. Total loans amounted to RMB620,642 million, up 15.3%. The number of trade finance customers exceeded 10,000, while trade finance facilities balance amounted to RMB233,356 million, representing an increase of 28.3% as compared with the end of 2010. The accumulated number of credit cards in circulation reached 9,040 thousand while new cards issued through cross-selling in 2011 exceeded one million. Our asset quality was stable and has strong resistance to risks. Non-performing loan ratio and provision coverage ratio were 0.53% and 320.66% respectively, both ahead of industry level. Our capital adequacy ratio and core capital adequacy ratio were 11.51% and 8.46% respectively, in line with regulatory requirement.
The personal wealth management business of Ping An Trust grew at a rapid and stable pace while the investment banking business of Ping An Securities continued to hold its leading position in the market. Ping An-UOB Fund was officially set up followed by the successful launches of two funds. The personal wealth management business of Ping An Trust achieved satisfactory growth, with the number of high net worth customers exceeding 13,000. The average fund raised per month reached RMB6 billion, representing an increase of 200.0% as compared with last year. Management fees income of trust products amounted to RMB1,802 million, a surge of 152.4%. The investment banking business continued to top the SMEs and the GEM underwriting market, having sponsored 34 IPOs and seven refinancing projects as lead underwriter. We were ranked top in the league table by the number of deals and underwriting fees for IPO transactions. The fixed income business experienced rapid growth, and had completed 17 corporate bond issuances as lead underwriter, a new record in our history. Based on its outstanding performance and comprehensive strength, Ping An Securities was rated AA grade under category A as unveiled by the CSRC for the classification of securities companies, which was the highest grade among all domestic securities companies. Ping An-UOB Fund was officially set up on January 7, 2011, which further enriched the product lines of our investment business and helped to enhance our integrated financial service capability. During 2011, Ping An-UOB Fund successfully issued two funds. One of its first products, Ping An-UOB Industries Pioneer Equity Fund, by leveraging the Group s comprehensive financial strength successfully raised more than RMB3 billion, making it the largest equity fund launched in terms of funds raised in the same period. Our investment management business actively explored new business opportunities and launched the Ping An of China SIF-RMB Bond Fund the first retail fund in Hong Kong for overseas investors. The fund, designed to meet market trends and customers needs, had achieved first- mover advantages in Hong Kong s fund market and contributed positively to Ping An s reputation of being a professional offshore investment brand.
Continuous enhancement in cross-selling synergy, smooth completion of the back-office centralization project, constant improvement in service standard. We have set up a well- established cross-selling and remote selling management platform, which has unleashed growing synergy. In 2011, Ping An Property & Casualty generated 51.0% of its premium income from automobile insurance through cross-selling and telemarketing. Cross-selling also accounted for 42.9% of the new credit cards issued by SDB and Ping An Bank, 42.9% of new retail deposits at Ping An Bank and 63.3% of the funds raised by the first fund of Ping An-UOB Fund. In 2011, the Company s back office centralization project was completed as scheduled, thus establishing two distinct back office operating models: centralized and decentralized. Going forward, our back office centralization platform will continue to focus on four core values, namely risk control, service enhancement, strengthened professionalism and cost reduction. Through effective and quality operation and services, we aim to give full support to the rapid development of every business and deepen the implementation of our integrated financial strategy. In 2011, by implementing optimizing measures such as operation sharing and increased automation, claims processing time for life insurance and automobile insurance was shortened to 7.25 hours and 10 hours respectively, a direct result of continued improvement in our insurance claims service. Ping An Life s commitment of 72-hour settlement for standard cases with full documentation was fulfilled 99.7% of the time, while Ping An Property & Casualty s commitment of 24-hour settlement for claims below RMB10,000 with full documentation was fulfilled 99.9% of the time.

In 2011, Ping An brand continued to maintain a leading position with widespread recognition for overall strength, corporate governance and corporate social responsibility from domestic and overseas rating agencies and media, and received a range of honors and awards: Ranked 328th in 2011 Fortune 500, and maintained first place among mainland Chinese companies in the non-SOE category.
Included in the Forbes Global 2000 for the seventh time and advanced by 319 places in the ranking to 147th from the year ago; ranked 10th among mainland Chinese companies. In the global diversified insurance company category, Ping An was ranked No.9 and was the only Chinese company included in the list.
Included in the renowned financial magazine Euromoney s Best Managed Insurer in Asia for the third consecutive year; Ping An was also the only insurance company in Asia included in the list 
Winner of Corporate Governance Asia Recognition Awards for five consecutive years, as named by Corporate Governance Asia, a leading corporate governance magazine in Asia.
Winner of The Most Respected Companies of China Ten Years Achievement Award and The Charitable Enterprise Ten Years Achievement Award , jointly awarded by the Economic Observer and the Management Case Center of Peking University (MCCP). Ping An is one of only two companies that have ever received the prestigious award of The Most Respected Companies since it began ten years ago.
With a brand value of US$10.54 billion, Ping An was ranked 83rd in the Financial Times Brandz Top 100 2011 ranking; it was also ranked 83rd in 2011 BrandZ 100 Most Valuable Global Brand and No.9 in BrandZ 50 Most Valuable Chinese Brand by Millward Brown under the WPP marketing 
Leveraging the one-stop financial services and innovative business model, as well as the seamless integration of modern technology with financial services, Ping An s Mobile Integrated Terminal (MIT) system was named a top winner of 2011 Shenzhen Financial Innovation Award by Shenzhen Municipal Government.

In 2011, we were committed to improving our corporate governance practice against higher standards moving from merely in compliance with relevant laws and regulations with due considerations given to our own operating conditions. The General Meeting, the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee and the senior management operated independently and performed their respective rights and obligations in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company. The Board actively contributed in various aspects, including strategic planning, investment decision, risk management, internal control and compliance, corporate social responsibility as well as talent recruitment and appointment. For the outstanding performance of the Company s corporate governance, we received numerous awards including Board of Directors Award 2011 by Shanghai Stock Exchange, Directors of the Year Awards by Hong Kong Institute of Directors, Hong Kong Corporate Governance Excellence Awards by Chamber of Hong Kong Listed Companies (CHKLC), Top 50 Best Board of Directors of Listed Company on Main Board in China and Top 10 Board of Directors in Fastest Value Creation of Listed Company on Main Board in China by Moneyweek.

In 2011, our constant efforts to provide financial services with green features and our commitment to corporate social responsibility have gained wide-spread public recognition. Regarding environmental protection, the promotion of community programmes, such as Low Carbon 100 , have embedded the concept of corporate social responsibility into our professionalized financial services related to each business section, including insurance, banking and investment. Our newly launched second generation MIT system has provided customers with more diversified insurance products through one-stop integrated financial services, with the advantages of being more speedy , effective and environment friendly . So far more than 3.5 million customers have been insured through the MIT system. The use of MIT, electronic policies and electronic bills for life insurance and credit card business saved a total of approximately 511.7 tons of paper and mailing cost for more than 18 million mails. On education, Ping An has sponsored the building of more than 100 Hope primary schools and 12 Dream Center multi-media classrooms. To date, 5,362 students from Ping An Hope Primary Schools have received Ping An Hope Scholarship amounting to a total of RMB2,899,500 and 3,905 university students have received RMB14,090,000 in financial aid granted by the Endeavourers Plan Thesis Award and Future Entrepreneur Award. Charitable donations made by the Company have exceeded RMB100 million in total.

The rise of integrated finance is inevitable in the course of the development of the financial industry in the long run. Ping An is, and has always been, devoted to the pursuit of becoming an internationally leading integrated financial services group. The term integrated finance signifies the best customer experience that one can come to expect from a company like ours.
It begins with one customer and one account, through which a multitude of products and one-stop services are readily available to the customer. The path to becoming a top tier financial group internationally begins with our being professional in everything we do, and setting higher benchmarks in the different sectors of the financial industry. Professionalism is the key to become an internationally leading provider of integrated financial services. We believe expertise creates value and integrated financial services will help make life simpler for our customers by saving their time, their worries and efforts. In 2012, Ping An will continue to maintain effective, sustainable, healthy and stable development in its various businesses and further enhance its core competitive advantages. Meanwhile, we will constantly improve the management of platform to facilitate our cross- selling strategy through the merger and integration in the banking business. We will strive to deepen the reform of back-office centralization and actively explore an innovative development model that combines modern technology with financial services.
We will also build a solid platform for integrated financial services, aiming at improving service quality and optimizing customer experience. Relying on our one-stop integrated financial services, customers can enjoy comprehensive, outstanding, convenient and professional financial service. We are confident that we can create long term value for our shareholders, customers, employees and society in a sustainable manner.
Looking ahead, China s economy is expected to maintain its upward trend in the long run. With the continued increases in residents income and in the demand for financial services, as well as further reforms in China s financial system, the room for growth for China s insurance companies remains substantial. It has also created a good environment for innovation in the integrated financial services industry. Meanwhile, under the current fluid internal and external economic environment and with accelerating reforms in China s financial regime, the Company faces a multitude of challenges, such as rising operating cost, uncertainties in the investment markets, and the need to improve the competiveness of our products and services. However, we are fully confident that Ping An will be able to move with the times, seize every opportunity and meet with the challenges along the way as we forge ahead towards our goal of being an internationally leading integrated financial services provider.
This journey begins with each and every one of our employees, every team and every project. Every step we make we make it together, and we shall advance in unison towards our grandiose goal of becoming an internationally leading integrated financial services group! Chairman and Chief Executive 
March 15, 2012 
