Chairman s Statement 
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK 
The Group achieved revenue of HK$11,424 million for the nine months ended 31 December 2012 and the nine-month net profit was HK$1,321 million. Benefited from improved economy and rebounded market demand of China, both sales volume and profit margin of the products increased, resulting to a rise of average net profits per ton of 14.6% to HK$416 from HK$363 last year.
With gradual recovery of the domestic market and the closure of inferior capacity due to environmental protection issue, the Group considers there is room for the growth of demand in paper industry.
The production line of PM17 coated duplex board with annual capacity of 600,000 tons has commenced production in August last year, while the product line of PM18 paper machine at Jiangxi industrial park with annual capacity of 350,000 tons is expected to begin operation before May 2013. It is believed that additional capacities from the above two new paper machines will bring contribution to the Group in the second half year.
As at 31 December 2012, the Group s net gearing ratio was 58%.
With currently healthy financial status, the debt level of the Group is considered to be reasonable. As such, the Group repurchased shares from the market month ago and cancelled the shares thereafter.
Further repurchase of shares may be conducted if appropriate. The construction of production line of PM19 and PM20 paper machines with annual capacity of 350,000 tons and 300,000 tons at Jiangxi and Chongqing industrial parks is expediting, targeting to commence operation by the end of this year and June 2014 respectively. Given the buoyant development of the light industries in countries such as Vietnam, Myanmar and Laos, the Group will start the construction of its paper machine in Vietnam, and will help to diversify investments.

Due to the environmental protection issue, closure of inferior capacity continues in the paper industry of China. In light of it, the Group will conduct on-going and stringent cost control and improve capital management in order to remain competitive in the industry.
Depending on the pace of economic development, the Group will also develop new regional plants. Based on the current gearing ratio, the Group plans to add two paper machines with additional capacity of approximately 750,000 tons every year. Such plan will last for four years, until an aggregate production capacity of 10 million tons is realised. After years of consolidations and trainings, the Group has paved a solid foundation, particularly, a strong management structure. As the Chairman of the Company, I have been considering strategic matters in relation to the Company including management succession. I will be proposing that the board of directors and the Nomination Committee of the Company specifically review this issue to ensure the Group continues to be led by an experienced and capable management team so as to maximise return on investments to the shareholders.
On behalf of the Board Lee Wan Keung Patrick 
18 March 2013 