Chairman s Statement 
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK For the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group recorded a total sales volume of 5.44 million tons, a total revenue of HK$17.62 billion, an annual net profit of HK$2.33 billion, and a net profit per ton of HK$429.
The PM20 paper machine with an annual production volume of 320,000 tons and four tissue paper machines with an annual production volume of 135,000 tons all of which are located in the Chongqing Industrial Park have commenced full production since last year. Benefitting from factories being shutdown in Dongguan which reduced overcapacity, falling fuel and raw material prices, and refund policies for value-added taxes, both sales revenue and profit 
The Group has entered the tissue paper market in 2014 to expand its business. Apart from establishing the brand name of its products, the tissue paper with the corporate brand Hanky has commenced production in the fourth quarter of 2015. The Group s four tissue paper machines with a production volume of 135,000 tons have been operating at full capacity since 2015. In order to cope with market demand, the Group is planning increasing its production capacity by 220,000 tons by the fourth quarter in 2016. The Group will be able to reduce the production cost of tissue paper by utilizing its pulp production facilities in Chongqing, and it expects that the profit contribution from the tissue paper business will increase. The Group is also considering the possibility of developing the tissue paper business in other locations.
Apart from the tissue business, the Group will expand into overseas packaging paper markets and invest in the construction of overseas paper factories to stay in line with the expansion of the Southeast Asian markets. It is expected that the paper machine project in Hau Giang, Vietnam which can provide 400,000 tons of production capacity will begin operations in the second half of 2016. As the overseas packaging paper market possesses enormous potential, the Group may invest more resources in this sector.

In order to solve the overcapacity and the environmental issues for the paper industry, the PRC Government has steadily closed down obsolete production capacities in previous years. Local government authorities will impose more stringent environmental monitoring policies, which will shut down even more obsolete production capacities, thereby alleviating the supply over demand situation for the paper industry and restoring the industry s bargaining power.
Despite the slowdown in the growth of the domestic economy and the consumption for packaging paper, the demand for packaging paper in China is expected to grow steadily in the long run. In addition, the rapid development of online shopping has led to fundamental changes in consumption and logistics models, benefitting the packaging paper industry which is currently in the process of consolidation. Hence, the Group is optimistic about the outlook of the paper industry.
Based on its consistent adoption of prudent strategies, and with a reasonable debt level, the Group will continue to increase its capacity in tissue paper and develop its new industrial park in Vietnam in tandem with the pace of economic development. The management of the Group will continue to make efforts to enhance production efficiencies, strictly control costs and strengthen capital operation in order to maintain the Group s competitiveness in the paper industry.
The Group s business will continue under the leadership of an experienced and capable management team, with a view to further enhancing the Group s profitability.
On behalf of the Board Lee Man Chun Raymond 
1 March 2016 