Chairman s Statement 
For the fiscal year of 20072008, the Group achieved a turnover of HK$8,996 million and has recorded a net profit of HK$1,431 million. This represents an increase in turnover of 74.3% and an increase in net profit of 41.7% over the same period last year. These excellent achievements are the results of our added capacities of PM9, PM10 and PM11, the increased tremendous efforts by the management on the project execution and supervision as well as the hard work of our managers and our 
With rising energy costs and the global economies slowing down, we will face more challenges in the coming year.
The management will make use of its experience to further strengthen the Group by focusing on cost control, sales network expansion, effective project management, and products diversification. During the fiscal year 20082009, we will start our first pulp production line in China (BHKP1), as well as two more containerboard production lines (PM12 and PM13), which includes our first containerboard production line in western China at Chongqing, will make contributions to our coming 
Further, our Vietnam project of annual containerboard capacity of 450,000 metric tons and annual bleached hardwood pulp capacity of 150,000 metric tons is now under construction and is scheduled to begin production within 2009. While the construction has many difficulties, we believe our management team is professional and has plenty of construction experiences to overcome any problems that may arise. Despite the currently short-term economics uncertainty in Vietnam, our management still strongly believes the Vietnam project will be a highly successful project for three main reasons. First, Vietnam has excellent wood supply which is beneficial for pulp production and there is not much competitors around.
Second, we can export out of Vietnam competitively in terms of price and quality to Eastern Europe, the Middle East, and Central America whereas we cannot export out of China competitively due to the cancellation of the 17% tax rebate.
Third, ASEAN s containerboard market demand is growing at a rapid pace. The management believes once the Vietnam project becomes operational, we will further achieve the market and product diversifications; and the project will make important contributions to the Group.

With lower costs, more products to sell, more places to sell to, as well as having a cooperative working team and honest, responsible management, future profits growth is guaranteed; and we will to share these profits with our shareholders and intend to set a target dividend payout ratio of 25%.
On behalf of the Board Lee Wan Keung Patrick 
17 July 2008 