CEO S STATEMENT 
DRIVE LONG TERM 
Ms. Sun Yiping Chief Executive Officer The year 2013 was pivotal for Mengniu, eyeing new horizons as well as evolving and transforming our business model based on the solid foundation we had built. Further to the reform starting within the Group in 2012, through various effective initiatives Mengniu advanced by great leaps in strengthening the groundwork of the reform, seeking organic growth as well as external cooperation opportunities with a broader vision. The Group put in place a system reinforcing internal and external linkage and vertical integration, thereby framing the basic blueprint for our Five-Year Strategic Plan and the development beyond.
Looking back into 2013, with the strong support from our major shareholder COFCO Group, and on the basis of our Five-Year Strategic Plan, Mengniu embarked on a full-range expansion of our business portfolio by capitalising on the opportunities arising from industry-wide consolidation and internationalisation as we forged a number of strategic partnerships. In May, Mengniu became the single largest shareholder of China Modern Dairy Holdings Ltd.
( Modern Dairy , stock code: 1117) by increasing the shareholding interest therein to 28%, thus providing Mengniu with a better assurance of the quality and supply of premium milk sources.
In the same month, we embraced Danone S.A. and its subsidiaries (collectively the Danone Group ) as our international partner, as both parties agreed to form a joint venture engaged in the manufacturing and sales of yogurt and other chilled products.
Leveraging Danone Group s global-leading R&D in yogurt, brand management and marketing experience, Mengniu will further tap the huge potential of China s yogurt market, while bolstering our technological innovation capabilities. In February 2014, Mengniu offered Danone Group to increase its interest in Mengniu to 9.9% through private placement, thus further strengthening the strategic collaboration between the parties on both shareholding and operational level. The transaction presents a good opportunity for COFCO Group, Danone Group and Arla Foods to integrate their equity interests in Mengniu through formation of a joint venture.
Thanks to the support for Mengniu from our three strategic shareholders over the past years, we are confident that we can better seize the opportunities to mature into a global dairy product enterprise by leveraging their respective strengths.
In order to capture the business opportunities arising from the robust growth in the milk formula market in the PRC, Mengniu made a general offer to Yashili International Holdings Ltd ( Yashili , stock code: 1230) at a consideration of approximately HK$11.4 billion in June 2013. Subsequently, Mengniu became a controlling shareholder of Yashili as the two companies joined forces to establish a leading infant milk formula platform. These initiatives have been significant steps taken by Mengniu during the course of the transformation, paving a more solid path for us to remain in the top spot in China s dairy industry.
During the year, we have faced challenges brought by the tightening supply and the hikes in prices of raw milk. We actively adjusted our product portfolio based on the market situation. We embarked on the development of the yogurt and milk beverage businesses with stronger growth potential, and reduced the proportion of products with over-reliance on raw milk. Through rationalisation, Mengniu focused on driving growth of key brands.
Profitability was enhanced through the integration of our sales channels. On the other hand, we reinforced our leading position in milk sourcing by increasing our shareholding equity in Modern Dairy and becoming the cornerstone investor of YuanShengTai Dairy Farm Limited ( YST Dairy , stock code: 1431).
As for the internal systems, our quality management system has benchmarked against international standards. We have safeguarded the quality of our products through the four carriages , including a centralised quality and safety management system together with three quality management centers of milk sources, operations and sales respectively. With the introduction of Arla Foods advanced ranch management expertise and the adoption of European standards, we have beefed up our ranch technology and management. Through the establishment of the joint venture with Danone Group, the commencement of streamlined management plus the application of its extensive globalised management experience, we have been continuously enhancing our operation and management standards.
Mengniu s past success would have been impossible without the unstinting efforts of employees and our well-established corporate culture. During the year, enterprise-wide efforts were made on fulfilling the Group s responsibility to the community, as most readily seen in the all-out efforts made by our local staff on assisting the disaster relief efforts at the frontline of the disaster zone immediately after the outbreak of the earthquake in Ya an City, Sichuan Province in April. Each and every one at Mengniu is committed to upholding and practicing the corporate culture of Sunshine, Nobility, Responsibility and Innovation to make Mengniu a trusted brand, and we are really proud of that. In 2013, we spurred our employees into ongoing contributions to Mengniu s sustainable development by formulating a comprehensive incentive scheme, including a restricted share award scheme in which restricted shares are granted to core management and outstanding employees at various levels. This serves as an incentive to give them a sense of ownership, thus forming a solid base for us to take Mengniu to a higher level of growth.
The organisational restructuring and the changes in workflow have imposed higher requirements for Mengniu s management model and efficiency. Over the past year, with the standardisation of our workflow and information data along with the investment of huge resources in installing a powerful SAP intelligent information management system, the effectiveness of our operation was boosted, and our workflow has been continually optimised.
As the Internet has become an essential sales channel, social media are in widespread use among consumers around the globe and information spread at an unprecedented speed. We have also initiated e-commerce and digital marketing activities as we explore new capabilities through transformation, so as to capture new opportunities emerging from market development trends.
Strengthening the communication with consumers was also one of our top priorities. During 2013, more than 1,000,000 consumers toured Mengniu s factories and ranches. On the Internet, Mengniu has established more direct and highly efficient communication with consumers through a number of interactive platforms including Mengniu CS Weibo and Your Question, Our Responsibility .
With our committed effort over the year, Mengniu has received many accolades as well as wide recognition. As a testament to our strong presence in Hong Kong s capital market, Mengniu was selected into Hang Seng Index on 10 March 2014. Our products have been warmly received by consumers, winning us numerous awards within and outside China. Milk Deluxe garnered the gold award at BioFach in Nuremberg, while Yoyi C was granted the Mothers Favourite Brand Award and the Rising Star in the 14th Favourite Brands Awards by Hong Kong supermarket chain Wellcome. Regarding corporate governance and investor relations, Mengniu received praise from authoritative magazines and institutions, notably the Excellence in Management and Corporate Governance 2013 Titanium Award from Hong Kong magazine The Asset and the Best Investor Relations during a Corporate Transaction award at the IR Magazine Greater China 2013. On top of that, Mengniu was assigned an A rating by Standard & Poor s, a globally authoritative credit rating institution, and the best rating ever received by a fast-moving consumer goods corporation in China. These successes were testimony to Mengniu s prudent financial management system, prominent market position and unrivalled nationwide distribution network. International investors also showed strong faith in Mengniu. We successfully completed the book building for the initial offshore issuance of 5-year US$500,000,000 bonds on 21 November, meaning that international investors have cast a vote of strong confidence in Mengniu s core competitive edge and future development 
We are fully aware that Mengniu needs comprehensive and system- wide reforms, rather than partial changes. Going forward, we intend to adhere to our philosophy of being strategically-oriented and market-driven, while striving for upgrade and transformation as well as shared growth and execution of our Five-Year Strategic Plan. Mengniu will engage in close cooperation with promising dairy partners at home and abroad. In addition to reinforcing our liquid milk business, Mengniu aims to consolidate the newly acquired milk formula platform Yashili and the yogurt business of Danone Group, initiating a seamless integration at the levels of shareholding, technology and operation. In terms of building milk sources, we have increased the proportion of raw milk provided by ranches and scaled farms to 94% and will continue to optimise the structure of milk sources in order to manage the costs of raw milk. To support the scale development of the Group, we plan to allocate funds for third parties to build small- and medium-sized ranches, with a goal of diversifying the raw milk supply for Mengniu in the medium and long run. Mengniu is stepping up market penetration and expansion of sales channels, so as to build a more comprehensive sales network across the country. By relentlessly striving for production innovation, we will further adjust our product portfolio, subdividing product categories, rationalising brands and defining brand positioning. Resources will be concentrated on the promotion of key brands.
Mengniu offers tens of millions of consumer quality dairy products every single day. Recognising our responsibility to satisfy such a large number of consumers, each and every one of us in Mengniu is more determined to achieve premium quality, our top priority of all the time. As we care deeply about the health of consumers, we never seek business growth at the expense of quality. We are dedicated to the provision of nutritious and healthy food as we endeavor to become an innovative fast-moving product enterprise in China. This is a reflection of our long-held values of Sunshine, Nobility, Responsibility and Innovation .
In contrast to the past, today s Mengniu has been undergoing significant changes as we gradually attain international standards ranging from quality to management. Yet, we remain unchanged in our unswerving dedication to milk quality: We have been constantly committed to producing quality milk with every effort, every change and every step, so that everyone in China can enjoy health, happiness, growth and well-being. As always, Mengniu will continue to provide consumers with safe, quality and healthy dairy products, and to grow side by side with our customers, employees, consumers, shareholders and all interested parties, in an effort to create greater value. Looking forward, I hope that Mengniu will become a well-respected world-class company with internationalised management standards.

