CEO S STATEMENT 
as our top 
We strive to become the most 
enterprise in china ms. sun yiping Chief Executive Officer For Mengniu, 2015 was a year in which we summarized and assessed our experience and planned for the future. We continued to strengthen collaboration with strategic partners, implement a more effective management system, and optimize our operations in milk sources and products as well as branding strategies, sales channels, management digitalization, and in other aspects.
In particular, Mengniu has persisted in pushing forward the digitalization process step-by-step, constructing an advanced consumer interactive platform, creating an extensive ecosystem through building a Circle of Friends among dairy industry to thereby laying the foundation for Mengniu to become the most dynamic dairy enterprise in the PRC.
During the year, Mengniu has actively integrated its resources and endeavored to adhere to the international standard of its global- leading strategic partners. The joint venture company formed by Mengniu and the Danone Group continued to optimize the product quality and research and development techniques and, through leveraging economies of scale, achieved the goal of maximizing cost effectiveness, so as to secure its leading position in the chilled business market. As for ranch management, Mengniu has perfected its dairy product nutritional analysis by adopting Arla Foods sophisticated ranch management system and production standards. Joining hands with AsureQuality, a world-renowned safety certification enterprise in food quality from New Zealand, it has also enhanced the quality level of production through implementing strict inspection standards. During the year, the infant milk formula factory in New Zealand in which Yashili, a subsidiary of Mengniu, has invested, commenced production which marked a milestone for a Chinese dairy enterprise to Go global .
Mengniu has signed a MOU for a framework of cooperation with the University of California, Davis, under which Mengniu and the University would co-establish and operate the Mengniu-University of California, Davis Innovation and Research Institute of Nutrition and Health to conduct innovative research and development projects according to the requirements of Mengniu. Thanks to the support of our strategic partners in the PRC and overseas, we have been able to pool resources and continue to advance in transforming into a world-class dairy enterprise.
Mengniu always believes that quality milk sources form the foundation to facilitate a closer collaboration within the dairy ecosystem. Thus, we have promoted the upgrading of raw milk sourcing by providing financial and technical support to upstream suppliers. Through the W-W Virtual Dairy Farming Industry Project and Project on Evaluation on the Operation of Milk Sources Ranches , we have refined the management and evaluation system of the milk source ranches, focused on technology innovation, and enhanced the quality and quantity of milk sources. We have established a monitoring and tracking system across the entire industry chain in order to ensure milk safety in a smarter and real- time manner by leveraging the SAP implementation, the Laboratory Information Management System ( LIMS ) as well as the Level 2 Tracking Pilot Project at points of sales (B}zN}nf v) . During the year, we have closely worked together with our strategic partners to launch the 2020 Ecosystem Project for Sustainable Development of Milk Sources (2020vYnSc|v UuKaWv) , focusing on the front end of the dairy industry chain. Through collaboration with the upstream and downstream partners in the industry chain, Mengniu has continued to optimize the structure of milk sources, ensured their quality, established a Sustainable Ecosystem of Milk Sources for the industry and facilitated the transformation and upgrade of the industry so as to realize sustainable development. Riding on a sophisticated quality and safety management system, strict quality operation regulations and an intelligent production management model, Mengniu has been recognized as the sole base for the demonstration of product quality and safety of exported dairy products in China by the State General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and 
In response to the nationwide call for innovation in the area of Internet+ , we have actively integrated our online and offline resources to comprehensively enhance our brand value. Through digital reforms, Mengniu has initiated closer interaction between consumers and the brand in order to promote our brand concept of A Little Happiness Matters more rapidly and widely through the overarching marketing channels. Mengniu thus has gained insight into consumers preferences in order to better capture the market demand, upgrade the brand structure and optimize product innovation. During the year, through the continuous innovation resulting in upgrades, Mengniu has garnered consumers recognition and loyalty with our quality dairy products. Our UHT yogurt and kids milk with DHA alga oil were awarded First Prize of Technology Progress (bS2ekNI{Ns) by the China Dairy Industry Association. Prime Ranch Pure Milk was recognized as the Best New Commercial Brand at the ninth Global Dairy Congress.
Breakfast Milk and Fruit Milk Drink were also awarded the Golden Award in Brand Management and Golden Award in O2O Marketing (O2OqNs) respectively at the Chinese Creative 
Mengniu has stayed abreast of the trend and carefully selected leading quality partners for cooperation. As part of the strategic alliance with NBA China, Mengniu has launched unique milk products with brand-new packaging. Through sponsoring highly rated television programs with embedded advertisements, brand awareness and brand resonance among consumers have been greatly enhanced. Meanwhile, Mengniu has continued to implement the dual track of Internationalization and Digitalization . Leveraging the advantages of online videos and social media platforms, the interaction and communication between the brand and consumers have been rapidly enriched, which have consolidated the position of the brand and expanded the brand s market influence.
Mengniu has adhered to a reform strategy of vertically flat, horizontally integrated, function optimization and enhancement in various regions , and has initiated the in-depth development of sales channels. The Group further accelerated the Route to Market ( RTM ) Project. Mengniu has established a sales operation model with distributors at the core to strengthen the direct control system of distributors and gradually improve the proportion of direct sales of sales companies and Central Business Units ( CBU ), which could better monitor the terminal market and improve the results and efficiency of channel management with the aim of establishing a management system with sophisticated management techniques and outstanding execution across all channels. Through integrating and combining the Wei Sales Platform ( WSP ) with the Company s internal management system, Mengniu has further regulated the sales procedures and realized the real-time closed-loop management of business segments within the sales system. As a result the accuracy of market forecasts has been improved, the waste of resources has been reduced, efficiency was improved and the integration of channel management with more effective control was realized. In addition, Mengniu embraced the best practices and the development trend of modern sales channels. Actively utilizing the Internet, the Group has entered into cooperation with major e-commerce platforms such as Tmall, JD, Suning and Yhd.com, as well as took the initiative to develop its self-operated platform on WeChat, thus further expanding sales channels and boosting the 
Mengniu has been continuously promoting the reform of its internal management system. During the year, the first stage of the SAP project has been successfully completed and the Enterprise Resource Planning ( ERP ) and the Customer Relationship Management ( CRM ) modules have been successfully launched, which realized the integration of businesses of the entire supply chain, integration of financial and operational functions as well as the production, supply and sales functions. These achievements have significantly enhanced the standardization and transparency of Mengniu s business data and achieved the objective of highly effective management and scientific decision-making. During the same year, we have completed the launching of the sales management model under Business Intelligence ( BI ), one of the sub-projects in the second stage of the SAP project, which has enabled the decision makers, management and executives of Mengniu to utilize the unified BI system analysis platform in order to get access any operational data and support required for making decisions on a real-time basis. As a result, the response of the company has been speeded-up and the standard of integrated assessment of various business segments has been raised, contributing substantially to the implementation of Digital 
Believing in a sustainable ecosystem and adopting a people- oriented approach, we are committed to fulfilling our social responsibility and are dedicated to the establishment of a sustainable ecosystem that promotes the public interest. Through Give a Lecture in My Hometown , a three-year charity campaign, we have provided a variety of courses, including music, sport and English language courses, which benefit more than 100,000 teachers and students from a total of about 600 rural schools in 22 provinces and municipalities in collaboration with partnering charities, enthusiastic individuals and Mengniu staff. In addition to improving the teaching and learning conditions at schools in poor areas through donations in kind, we also attach great importance to the instructional interaction between the local teachers and children and guiding them to experience a wide and wonderful world.
Mengniu strongly believes that the drive for continuous development is motivating its staff to grow together with the Group. By putting an innovative concept of talent management into practice, we have actively developed a culture that encourages amicable competition and motivation so as to increase employees motivation, nurture talent and strengthen the establishment of the working team, therefore facilitating the sustainable development of the Group s business. Mengniu has attended to the professional development of its talent through two different programs, namely the Management 100 Series and the Professional 100 Series , in order to improve its system of talent selection and training.
In addition, through the adoption of the Big Dipper leadership behavior model, processes including recruitment, development, assessment and the succession plan could be systematically managed, thereby comprehensively boosting the effective leadership of its management at all levels.
Looking ahead, Mengniu will continue its international collaboration with its global partners and evaluate cooperation with other overseas enterprises. It will continue to learn advanced experience and technology from its international partners, hoping to speed up innovation in research and development and to enhance operational management efficiency. Mengniu will expand both its income and profit base through cost control measures and optimization of efficiency. Besides, it will strengthen management across the entire industry chain leveraging the advantages of big data. In terms of its product portfolio, Mengniu will continue to focus on popular products while aiming to increase the market share of its basic products, in particular consolidating its leading position in the chilled products market. In respect of the milk formula business, it will optimize synergies among the internationally strategic resources, carrying out continuous channel transformation and upgrading the brand. In terms of internal management, by leveraging the SAP platform, Mengniu will strengthen its digital management capability, drive the transformation of internal management procedures and models, reduce administration costs, strive to increase profitability and improve the overall competitive position of the Group.
The improvement in living standards is driving material consumption and raising people s pursuit of a better quality of life. Consumers no longer simply focus their consumption on the product itself; they are also concerned about other value-added aspects, such as services. As Mengniu focuses its attention on the enhancement of nutrition, quality and services, through its upstream and downstream initiatives along the industry chain, it also takes care of the ranchers as well as the living experience of the consumers alike, thus bolstering our strength throughout the entire industry chain.
We have reinforced the corporate culture of Integrity, Innovation, Passion, Openness and have placed integrity at the top of all other corporate values. We will gradually enhance the quality, and refuse to pursue growth without quality, as we strive to achieve the Group s aim of becoming a century-old consumer-oriented and innovative-led food company offering nutrition and health and encourage Mengniu to become the Most Dynamic Chinese Enterprise in the world.

