Chairman s Statement In 2015, China s reforms entered a deep water zone alongside the implementation of the One Belt and One Road initiative and the Internet + strategy. The strategic transformation of the economy gave rise to changes in the driving force of growth, paths to development and modes of competition. China is becoming the world s largest market with the most key innovative activities. Likewise, for a business to thrive, it must place utmost importance on having the strategy and tactics in place before achieving breakthroughs. Progress and development only come after sound preparations. In the past year, Ping An kept rapid and healthy growth in all its businesses, delivering record results. More importantly, our strategic layout over the past decade, and our business model innovations in recent years have come into fruition. In 2016, having evolved through its 1.0 Era (self-operated model) and 2.0 Era (open marketplace), Ping An will enter the 3.0 Era that features open platform + open 
1. As at the end of 2015, the E-service APP of Ping An Life had more than 30 million registered users. The Appointment with Ping An Walk for Health events help users develop the habit of doing exercises; the Asking Doctors module offers comprehensive health management services including online consultation; the first online product Million Travel Benefits successfully achieved written premiums of more than RMB100 million in the first launching day.
The E-service APP is a key component of the Group s integrated financial strategy, transforming the Ping An Life Insurance s business model from traditional mode to Online-To- 
2. On July 8, 2015, Ping An Property & Casualty launched the globally first Telephone Direct Claiming Service for auto insurance, which is designed to address customers needs by offering superior three-step claim method, i.e. phone claiming, upload pictures and receive compensation . Promising to provide Prompt, Convenient and Free services in 2009, Ping An Property & Casualty was continually upgrading its service standard by technology innovations for 6 consecutive years. In the year of 2015, over 50% of the auto insurance claims were settled within half a day from reporting to claim payment.
3. On August 7, 2015, Ping An Annuity introduced the Good- Faith Claims service to the market. Integrating technology development in the Internet+ era, Ping An Annuity applies credit data in the Group s personal insurance claims so as to resolve complaints on the complicated and slow claim procedure , aiming for enhancing service quality and customer 
In 2015, amid slower global growth, the Chinese economy entered to the new normal stage. Notwithstanding substantial breakthroughs achieved in reforms, the Chinese economy grappled with downward pressure. In the face of complex economic scenarios, Ping An continued to pursue its goal of becoming a world-leading personal financial services provider . It focused on individual customers, continued to explore and upgrade its customer operation model, improved customer services and experience and promoted customer migration, so as to achieve the goal of one customer, one account, multiple services and multiple products ultimately. With the collaborative efforts of our colleagues, the Group reached new heights in terms of total assets, revenues and net profit. Our core finance businesses recorded stable and healthy growth with industry-leading business quality. After several years of deployment and cultivation, our internet finance business yielded encouraging results, evidenced by an increasing market presence and sustained high growth in innovative 
In 2015, we achieved significant growth for all key performance indicators. The Company s net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company stood at RMB54,203 million, up by 38.0% compared with the previous year. As at December 31, 2015, equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company was RMB334,248 million, up by 15.4% over the beginning of the year; total assets was about RMB4.77 trillion, up by 19.0% over the beginning of the year.
The number of our individual customers was nearly 109 million, and internet user was about 242 million with outstanding effect of user and customer migration.

In 2015, with increasing customer operation level, we delivered a remarkable performance in both core finance business and internet business: Ping An innovatively pursued a customer centric operation model, which saw a pronounced uptake in customer migration.
We continued to uphold a customer- oriented philosophy and to offer our customers comprehensive financial services. We have also upgraded the traditional business model of offering products first, then services , meanwhile, explored an innovative customer operation model focused on Initiating Engagement with One Service, Extending the Scope to Multiple Services, then to Multiple Products to encourage customers to get access to and fully understand Ping An s core finance businesses by offering many internet services and ultimately promote customer migration. After years of operations, Ping An s internet service platform has developed a large user base, which made us realize that Ping An s internet platform can be used to offer service experiences to users and customers. This works effectively as a mode of business development, which would efficiently promote users and customers migration. As at the end of 2015, the combined individual customer base of Ping An s core finance companies reached 109 million, of which 57.12 million became internet users. We have gained over 30 million new customers, with 5.75 million new customers from the migration of our internet users. Ping An s internet user base was about 242 million, up by 75.9% over the beginning of the year. The user base of the mobile internet service business reached 107 million, pointing to a migration of more than 10 million users between our core finance companies and internet finance companies. With our strategy of Ping An 3.0 Era, we will continue to improve the level of customer services and promote migration between users and customers, to build up our core competitiveness to differentiate ourselves, and to support business 
Written premiums from life insurance business reached RMB299,814 million, up by 18.6% over the previous year. Written premiums from new business of individual life insurance reached RMB80,456 million, up by 50.9% over last year.
New business value of life insurance achieved RMB30,838 million, grow by 40.4% over last year.
The number of individual life insurance sales agents was nearly 870 thousand, up by 36.9% over the beginning of the year. First-year written premiums per agent per month amounted to RMB7,236, up by 15.9% over last year.
For Ping An Life, written premiums of telemarketing sales reached RMB12,994 million, up by 39.0% over 2014.
Premium income of property and casualty insurance business reached RMB163,955 million, up by 14.5% over 2014.
The combined ratio of property and casualty insurance business was 95.6%.
The investment portfolio of insurance funds reached RMB1,731,619 million, with the net investment yield reaching 5.8% and the total investment yield reaching 7.8%.

Total deposits reached RMB1,733,921 million, up by 13.1% over the beginning of the year. Total loans and advances to customers were RMB1,216,138 million, up by 18.7% over the beginning of the year.
Cost-to-income ratio was 31.31%, down by 5.02 percentage points over 2014.
The loan loss provision ratio was 2.41%, up by 0.35 percentage points over the beginning of the year. Non-performing loan ratio and provision coverage ratio were 1.45% and 165.86%, respectively.
Capital adequacy ratio was 10.94%, and tier 1 capital adequacy ratio was 9.03%.

Trust business generated a net profit of RMB2,912 million, up by 31.6% over 
Trust business recorded trust product management fee income of RMB5,157 million, up by 25.1% compared with 2014.
Ping An Securities achieved a net profit of RMB2,478 million, up by 168.2% as compared with the previous year.
For Ping An Securities, the number of IPO projects was 12, and the number of bonds underwritten as lead underwriter was 52. The number of new customers of brokerage business reached 2.93 
Ping An Asset Management s assets under management reached RMB1,966,611 million, up by 20.5% over the beginning of the year; the scale of its third-party asset management business achieved RMB245,722 million, up by 45.1% over the beginning of the 
Life insurance business achieved stable and health growth. Property and casualty insurance business maintained its excellent performance in both business growth and quality. Ping An Annuity continued to lead the industry in pension asset management business. The investment yield of insurance funds increased steadily.
Life insurance business achieved rapid and healthy growth. In 2015, written premiums from life insurance reached RMB299,814 million, up by 18.6% over the previous year. With enhanced operation management platforms for all channels and product structure, the value of new business continued to grow by 40.4% over last year. The number of sales agents reached nearly 870 thousand with increasing productivity, translated into a premium growth of 50.9% in the new business of individual life insurance, which reached a record high in recent years. The telemarketing business sustained rapid growth, cementing its leadership in terms of market share.
Property and casualty insurance business maintained its leading position in business growth and quality.
In 2015, property and casualty insurance business recorded a premium income of RMB163,955 million, up by 14.5% over 2014, and combined ratio was 95.6%, consistently above industry level. Its automobile insurance business launched the world s first direct- claim call service to further enhance claims service quality and efficiency, with over 50% of the claims during the year settled within 0.5 day from reporting to claim payment.
Ping An Annuity continued to grow in short- term insurance, ranking high in the industry in terms of market share. It kept extending its lead in the corporate annuity market, with assets entrusted and assets under investment management standing at RMB127,226 million and RMB135,480 million, respectively, which maintained leading position among the annuity insurance companies of China. In 2015, Ping An Annuity proactively participated in the building of a government-sponsored health insurance system, and established an industry-leading Smart Social Health Insurance management and service system to help the government provide managed medical service.
With the optimized investment structure, the flexible allocation of equity assets and early deployment of fixed-income assets in the declining interest rate environment, the total investment yield of our insurance funds reached a record high in recent years. In 2015, the net investment yield of our insurance funds stood at 5.8%, 0.5 percentage points higher over the previous year; the total investment yield of our insurance funds was 7.8%, up by 2.7 percentage points over last year.
Overall, banking business maintained its 
In 2015, Ping An Bank reported a net profit of RMB21,865 million, up by 10.4% over 2014. It maintained double-digit growth in both deposits and loans, which continued to lead its peers.
With improved operating efficiency, its cost-to- income ratio dropped by 5.02 percentage points compared with last year. Ping An Bank exercised strict risk controls on new business to ensure stable asset quality, with its non-performing loan ratio and provision coverage ratio standing at 1.45% and 165.86% respectively. Ping An Bank successfully issued non-public ordinary shares in the first half of the year to support and safeguard its business development.
Continuously enhancing its risk control system, Ping An Trust reported stable growth. Ping An Securities reached a record high in its operating results. Ping An Asset Management experienced rapid growth in its third-party business.
Our trust business maintained stable growth. In 2015, it generated a net profit of RMB2,912 million, up by 31.6% over last year. In 2015, management fees income of trust products reached RMB5,157 million, up by 25.1% compared with 2014.
Continuously enhancing its comprehensive risk controls system to guard against project risks, Ping An Trust redeemed all trust schemes upon scheduled maturity in 2015.
4. On June 29, 2015, Ping An Bank launched the service of Internet of Things (IoT) Smart Finance which, by endowing movable property with the attributes of immovable property, has transformed the supply- chain finance model and set the trend for smart movable 
The technology has been successfully applied to the automobile and steel industries.
With good planning for its IoT Smart Warehouse Network across the country, Ping An Bank has built partnerships with about 100 main ports, large warehouse companies, large iron and steel manufacturers, and main regional logistics parks.
5. In March 2015, Ping An Securities hosted the 1st Forum of CEOs of Listed Companies in Shenzhen. Chairmen from over 100 listed companies, experts and scholars from many fields attended the forum, discussing the corporate development strategies amid the New Normal era. The Chairman and CEO of the Group, Mr. Mingzhe Ma, addressed in the meeting, expressing Ping An s wishes for further cooperation and joint development with the attending 
6. In 2015, Ping An Trust launched the Hongcheng Family, the first wealth management brand in China which targets at high-net-worth customers with investable amount of over RMB30 million. Being built on four core advantages integrated finance, asset allocation, inheritance bespoke plans and 1+N integrated service the brand leverages its advanced system, open product platform and comprehensive customer services to provide high-net-worth customers with full internet finance services covering the demands for traditional finance as well as the needs for health, food, housing, transportation and 
7. In September 2015, Lufax, China s largest online wealth management platform, launched its open platform strategy 3.0 and moved to the new web 
8. On April 21, 2015, Ping An introduced Ping An Doctor APP, its first online health management product. Positioned as a mobile doctor , the innovative mobile application provides users the access to real-time consultations and health management services offered by a group of experienced doctors. It aims to address the complaints of patients on difficulties on consultation, making appointments and seeing a doctor and on very short time of consultation with smooth, 
health management experience.
9. On September 22, 2015, Yiwallet and Ping An Credit Card jointly launched the Ping An Yiwallet Huayang Credit Card, a historical innovation on credit card with the attribute of Internet+ .
With such innovative features of self-defined credits , earning while spending , spent but still earning and more expense, more to earn , Huayang Card provides users with one-stop solutions for wealth management, spending, withdrawal and receipt, equipping Yiwallet with both deposit management and consumer finance features and enriching the scenes of online and offline consuming.
Ping An Securities reached a record high in operating performance and made significant progress in executing its strategy. In 2015, it achieved a net profit of RMB2,478 million, up by 168.2% compared with the previous year. Its securities brokerage business achieved great performance on the internet transformation, attracting 2.93 million new customers during the year, placing it among top three in the market on this front. Ping An Securities ranked among top three in the industry in terms of both number of IPOs and number of bond underwritten as lead underwriter.
The assets under management amounted to RMB237 billion, with remarkable breakthroughs in asset securitization.
Ping An Asset Management s business grew steadily and delivered outstanding performance in its third-party business. It recorded a net profit of RMB2,362 million, up by 141.8% compared with 2014. At the end of 2015, its assets under management reached RMB1,966,611 million, of which the scale of its third-party asset management business achieved RMB245,722 million, up by 45.1 % over the beginning of the year. Its income from third-party asset management was RMB1,389 million, up by 91.3% over the 
While delivering impressive results in core finance businesses, we also embraced opportunities presented by the internet to drive rapid growth in innovative businesses. Our internet finance companies continued to develop strategies and sustained rapid growth in terms of business scales.
As at December 31, 2015, Ping An s internet user base was about 242 million, up by 75.9% over the beginning of the year; with the number of mobile terminal APP users reaching 107 million, increased by 4.4 times over the beginning of the year.
The insurance, banking and asset management businesses leveraged the internet to upgrade their business models, where the advantages of offline traditional financial services and efficient online services complemented each other. Ping An Life s E-Service APP user base reached 30 million and the first insurance product of the APP was widely popular among customers. Ping An Property & Casualty introduced the Ping An Auto Owner APP, which pools the most extensive quality services resources to offer car owners one-stop car-related consumption services.
Ping An Bank achieved online sales of over RMB600 billion through the Hang-E-Tong platform, and the number of Orange Bank users reached 5 million. Ping An Trust launched the Ping An Cai Fu Bao APP, the first mobile service terminal in the industry.
In 2015, the monthly activity rate of high net wealth client reached 51%, the substitution rate of online service for high net wealth client achieved 47%. As the first batch of securities firms allowed to pilot internet business, Ping An Securities was top-ranked on the Top 100 Internet+ Securities Firms 2015 by China Internet Weekly.
Lufax continued to promote itself towards an open platform for all financial institutions, corporates and individuals, thus matching supply with demand through the internet and striving to enhance the public wealth. As at the end of 2015, Lufax had 18.31 million registered users, and maintained its industry lead with a trading volume of RMB1.53 trillion during the year.
Specializing in financial payment processing and loyalty points services, Ping An Pay and Wanlitong fully leveraged to their advantages in transaction payments and loyalty points management. As at the end of 2015, Yiwallet , Ping An s core payment product, had a user base of over 45 million; users of loyalty points business platform exceeded 96 million; the overall trading volume of payment processing and loyalty points businesses during the year reached RMB1.59 trillion.
Ping An Haofang recorded rapid growth with clear planning for its real estate finance platform. In 2015, it established strategic partnerships with dozens of top 100 developers including Shimao, Yurun and Country Garden. New house transactions through its platform exceeded RMB150 billion. Ping An Haofang s online platform had over 7 million registered users and offered new house channels for 51 
Ping An Health Cloud is dedicated to developing a one-stop, whole-process, O2O health care services platform. It has built the largest team of full-time online doctors in China and successfully established a B2C and O2O medicine supply network. In 2015, the Ping An Doctor APP offered services to over 30 million users, establishing itself as the No.1 portal for online health care in 
One Account Management Services strives to become the largest open internet financial service platform in China, and it offers account management, wealth management, credit management, and lifestyle management services to users.
As at the end of 2015, One Account Management Services had 100 million registered users with over 18 million monthly active users, and assets under management exceeded RMB1 trillion.

The accumulated registered users of Lufax reached 18.31 million, up by 257.6% over the beginning of the 
Active investment users of Lufax reached 3.63 million, up by nearly 10 times over the beginning of the 
Total trading volume of Lufax achieved RMB1,525.3 billion during the year, up by over 5 times over 
Sales volume of wealth management store of Yiwallet exceeded RMB100 billion, up by 423.4% over last year.
The total loyalty points issued by Wanlitong were worth RMB6.5 billion, up by 232.0% compared with the previous year.
Ping An Doctor APP s highest daily active users surpassed 1.3 million, with daily peak consultation quantity surpassing 120 thousand.

Looking ahead to 2016, the macroeconomic environment will remain complex and present both challenges and opportunities.
The weak global economic recovery is unlikely to pick up pace in a major way.
Notwithstanding the downward pressure exerted by structural and cyclical factors, the fundamentals and reforms continue to support the stable growth of the Chinese economy. With 2016 marking the start of China s 13th Five-Year Plan, the further development of the Internet+ strategy will create greater synergies between the internet and traditional industries. This paves the way to future businesses becoming more mobile- based, specialized, social networking-driven, and scenario-specific . Service and customer experience will be of vital importance to 
In sync with the State s strategy, we have entered the Ping An 3.0 Era to build open platform + open marketplace . With a sense of mission and crisis as strong as before, we will continue to thrive in competition and advance through innovation . Adhering to our goal of becoming a world-leading personal financial services provider , we will focus on the big financial assets and big health care industries with the two-pronged model of Integrated Finance + Internet and Internet + Integrated Finance . For our insurance, banking, asset management and internet finance businesses, we will forge ahead with the building of open internet financial services platforms. We are convinced that through our concerted efforts and team spirit, Ping An will deliver an exceptional 3.0 Era! Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee of Group, I would like to extend our sincere gratitude to our customers, investors, partners and friends from all walks of life, as well as to our colleagues who have worked wholeheartedly to fulfill our strategic goals and ambitions.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
