Chairman s Statement 
The largest vertically-integrated knitwear manufacturer in China 
I am pleased to present the first annual results of Shenzhou International Group Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) since its listing on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ). Year 2005 was a year of rapid expansion for the Group, during which a number of important milestones were achieved on the back of dedicated efforts from our staff.
In a move to expedite the Group s growth into an international corporation, shares of the Company were successfully listed on the Stock Exchange on 24 November 2005. The qualities of the Company were well recognized by international investors as net proceeds of approximately HK$856,000,000 were raised from the issue, adding strengths to the financial resources of the Company and providing the Group with ample funds for future development. The Company has endeavored to maintain transparency in operation for its shareholders ( Shareholders ) and adhere to best practices in corporate governance. I sincerely hope that the Group will continue to win investors recognition for its business development strategies and their confidence in the Group s future development.
The Group enjoyed solid financial conditions during the year ended 31 December 2005. Sales for the year rose 17.3% to approximately RMB2,482,984,000, as compared to 2004. Comparing to profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2004 of approximately RMB308,187,000, after adjustment for a non-recurring item (net gains from the disposal of certain land use rights and buildings), profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2005 rose 14% to RMB351,487,000, well exceeding the profit forecast contained in the listing prospectus issued by the Company on 15 November 2005 (the Prospectus ). Earnings per share amounted to 
In view of the positive business performance and sound financial conditions of the Group and taking into account the timing of our listing, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or the Directors ) has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.02 (equivalent to approximately RMB0.02) per share.

During the year, the Group s vertically integrated production process was optimized through consolidation in assets, businesses and management.
Process standards and team work at each stage were further enhanced with a focus on customer service, while further improvements were made in terms of quality, delivery schedules and processes.
Regional diversification in operation and product diversification represent two important focuses in the Group s development. Regional diversification allows customers to free themselves from the influences of geographical, political or economical factors, such as exchange rate fluctuations or changes in government policies, etc. During the year, the Group s strategically established garment factory in Phnom Penh, Cambodia was commissioned in late September, 2005. Combining with quotas of Chinese textile exports to Europe and the U.S. and aided by tariff concessions, the Group s strategic investments in Cambodia will go a long way supporting its expansion initiatives in Europe and the U.S. The Group also made substantial progress in product diversification during the year. Sales contribution from sports wear rose to account for close to 10% of the Group s total sales as a result of the launch of new sports wear products.
The Group s achievements in regional diversification in supply and product diversification have actively enhanced the competitive strengths of the Group and contributed favorably to further moves in market expansion.
On the foundation of a solid and stable development with our Japanese customers mainly represented by Uniqlo, the Group has made progress on the establishment of relationships with renowned brand name customers such as Adidas, Nike and Puma as these customers placed larger orders during the year and there were indications that the volume of their orders would grow rapidly. For the year ended 31 December 2005, sports wear contributed to 8.8% of the Group s total sales for the year, as compared to 1.9% in 2004.

As the largest knitwear exporter in China, the Group benefited from the PRC government s adjustments to the quota system and was advantageously positioned in the distribution of 2006 quotas for Chinese textile products to Europe and the U.S.. The Group was awarded a quota of over 11 million pieces in the results-based distribution. The available quota will lend strong support to the Group s expansion initiatives in Europe and 
Looking to the future, the Group will seek to achieve continuous growth in sales and profit by capturing every expansion opportunity in the market.
We will increase our integrated strengths in production, quality, market share, management and clientele to enhance our marketing efforts to step up expansion in Europe and the U.S., while consolidating our existing market share and customer base in Japan.
The Group has formulated strategies to cope with further appreciation of RMB and rising costs of raw materials and direct labor. Aside from encouraging innovation, developing higher-end products and cultivating good customers, we also strengthened cost controls on production processes, in particular the dyeing and finishing processes, in a bid to maintain stable growth in profit while increasing sales.
The Board and the Audit Committee have strived to work closely with all members to devise the overall strategies and objectives of the Group, including the development of management tenets for more effective control and balance of business risks on the part of the management. All staff members of the Company are dedicated to the pursuit of excellence in corporate governance and a fair and equitable decision-making process in order to ensure a high level of transparency and open communications with all Shareholders and investors.

We are privileged by the service of Directors who offer a wealth of professional knowledge and experience in corporate governance. I would like to thank the Independent Non-executive Directors for joining the Company, for it is their trust and effort that will ensure a high standard of corporate governance at Shenzhou International. I would also like to thank all the Executive Directors and management staff for their utmost dedication, for it is their diligent work that drives us forward. Last but not least, let me thank all Shareholders and patrons for their support, without which the Company could not have come this far and no prosperous future could ever materialize.
The Company will continue to aim at developing as the world s most competitive knitwear OEM, devoting every effort to create value for customers and sound rewards for Shareholders.

Chairman of the Board of Directors Ningbo, China, 10 April 2006 
