Chairman s Statement 
The largest vertically-integrated knitwear manufacturer in China 
To: All Shareholders On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to announce the annual results of Shenzhou International Group Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) in 2009. All shareholders are most welcome to review the results.
2009 is the most difficult year in the development history of the textile garment industry in China. Affected by the insufficient foreign market demand, the export turnover has dropped for the first time for years. Under the stringent economic circumstances, the Group has continued to maintain optimal growth in terms of sales income and operating results. In particular, I would like to share with all shareholders that the Group has managed to make better results in terms of energy-saving, emission reduction, lean production management, production base layout and product structure adjustment, which has laid a more solid foundation for persistent and healthy development in the future. I am most delighted that the Group has obtained prominent results during the year. In this aspect, I would like to express my thanks for the great efforts made by all levels of management staff and all employees during the whole year and hope that all employees will strive harder together with greater confidence for a brighter future. It is also hoped that our investors are in a position to recognize the achievements secured by the Group and continue to support our development strategies.

For the year ended 31 December 2009, the financial performance of the Group was positive with an annual turnover of approximately RMB6,093,485,000, representing an increase of 26.4% as compared to 2008. Profits attributable to equity holders for the year ended 31 December 2009 has risen 79.0% to RMB1,252,030,000 from RMB699,380,000 in the previous year ended 31 December 2008.
Earnings per share amounted to RMB1.01.
In light of the positive business performance and the sound financial conditions of the Group, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or the Directors ) recommended the distribution of a final dividend of HK$0.35 per ordinary share (equivalent to RMB0.31 
The impact of the financial crisis on the export of the garment industry was aggravated in 2009. According to China Customs Statistics, the export revenue of China textile garment industry (including textile yarn, fabrics, finished products, apparel and apparel accessories, the same below) was US$167.02 billion in 2009, representing a drop of 10.1% as compared to the previous year. Out of the total export value, the export of textile products amounted to US$59.97 billion, representing a drop of 8.4% as compared to the previous year, and the garment export dropped 11.0% to US$107.05 billion as compared to the previous year. In the most rigorous period of the industry, China government launched various incentive and guiding policies, including consecutive upward adjustments of the export tax rebate rate, for the textile garment industry. Starting from 1 April 2009, the tax rebate rate has been adjusted upwards to 16%. The textile garment industry has been included in the top ten industry promotion plan. The labor-intensive garment processing enterprises have been encouraged to relocate to the central region of China. The bank loan interest rate has been stabilized as well.
While lowering operating pressure of enterprises, the confidence of the enterprise operators in future development was also enhanced.
The textile garment industry has contributed a lot in solving the problem of unemployment and stabilizing the society. I believe that China government would continue to support and encourage the development of the industry.

The adverse effects of foreign environment have caused tremendous pressure on the small and medium enterprises in the industry, with even higher ratio of concentration for the industry. Guided and supported by national policies, the industry has expedited its structural adjustment and industrial upgrading process. The management concepts such as expediting technical innovation, developing circular economy and exploring domestic market have become important to the enterprise operators gradually. The Group has long considered the development strategy of the enterprise in longer term. After years of commitment in product innovation, energy-saving, emission reduction and lean production, the rate of return has been on the rise in recent years. The entire industry has been striving for transformation and upgrades. The Group will endeavor to enhance its leading position in the industry.
I realize that the export of the textile garment industry has begun to improve. However, the industry remains in a rigorous situation.
The soaring labor costs, the expected continual appreciation of Renminbi, the rising prices of raw materials etc will bring new pressure to the whole industry. In my belief, in the adverse development environment, it is more important to upgrade the competitiveness of the enterprise than to go after scale and fast 
In 2009, the respective garment factories of the Group in Anqing City, Anhui Province and Quzhou City, Western Zhejiang Province commenced production smoothly with further recruitment of personnel in early 2010. The newly constructed textile industrial park will also launch production officially this year, complemented with the construction of the warehouse. The new dyeing and finishing factory is near completion. It is expected to launch production in the second quarter of 2010. The reuse facilities for treating recycled water are under expansion to attain the target of treating 15,000 tonnes a day. It will further cut the consumption of water resources and reduce emission of sewage. In the course of expanding its production capacity, the Group has also had sufficient consideration of the effects of labor resources, the costs of logistics, the advanced functions of the equipment, the capability of energy-saving, and the environmental protection in the long-term development of the Group.

During the year, the Board worked closely with various professional committees on the Group s overall strategies and targets. We have achieved significant results with our great efforts. Every staff member of the Company endeavors to pursue excellent corporate governance and attain fairness and justification in our decision- making process, ensure and maintain high transparency of our governance, and try all the best to provide open communication channels for all of our shareholders and investors.
I would like to thank the Directors for their hard work during the year, as well as the management and all staff members for their utmost dedication on the job, for it is their diligent work that contributes to the realization of the established goals of the Group. Last but not least, I would like to express my gratitude to all of our shareholders and clients for their persistent trust in the Company leading to a brighter future for the Group.
Looking forward, we will continue to develop the Company into the most competitive enterprise for knitwear OEM, further upgrade the leading position of the Group in the industry, try our very best to create values for our clients and bring optimal return to our 
Chairman of the Board 
27 March 2010 Ningbo, China, 