Chairman s Statement 
Chairman of the Board 
To All Shareholders: On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Director(s) ) of Shenzhou International Group Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to announce the annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ) for 2014 for shareholders 
In 2014, the operating environment for the Chinese textile and garment industry remained under pressure. The labor costs in China had increased substantially, the unfavorable trade policies of major garment importing countries posed threats to Chinese enterprises, while some of the developing countries in Southeast Asia, South Asia and other regions were rising rapidly as strong competitors to the Chinese textile and garment enterprises. Faced with the adverse operating environment, the Group has adhered to the established development strategies. By deepening its lean production management, strengthening R&D and product innovations, optimizing product structure and expediting the construction of overseas production bases, the Group achieved promising operating results. The international layout of the vertically-integrated operation model is especially crucial for the Group to consolidate its value chains from around the globe. Leveraging on the strengths in management, technology and funding etc., the Group is rapidly sharpening its competitive edges over its industrial rivals, laying a solid foundation for the long-term development in the future. I would like to take this opportunity to invite investors recognition of the Group s achievement, and to ask for their continuous support for the Group s business development strategies! 
For the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group achieved outstanding growth in revenue and operating results. Total sales for the year amounted to approximately RMB11,131,532,000, representing an increase of 10.8% when compared to 2013. For the year ended 31 December 2014, the profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company amounted to RMB2,065,867,000, representing an increase of 14.6% as compared to the RMB1,802,989,000 reported for the year ended 31 December 2013. Earnings per share amounted to RMB1.48. As of 31 December 2014, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of 
In view of the strong business performance and financial position of the Group, the Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$1.00 per share (including a special dividend of HK$0.35 per share), equivalent to approximately RMB0.79 per share.
According to the statistics compiled by China Customs, the total export value of China s textile and garment products (including textile yarns, fabrics and related products, as well as garments and apparel accessories, similarly hereinafter) in 2014 was US$298.43 billion, representing an increase of approximately 5.1% over the previous year. The growth rate has moderated by approximately 6 percentage points as compared to 2013. Out of the total export value, the export value of textile products amounted to US$112.14 billion, representing a year-on-year gain of approximately 4.9%; the garment export volume rose by approximately 5.2% to US$186.28 billion on a year-on-year basis. Among the major textile and garment export markets, the export volume to the EU and the US have increased year-on-year by 13.6% and 7.5% respectively; the export volume to Japan has dropped by 9.1%, mainly due to the increasing market shares of import from Southeast Asian countries, such as Vietnam and Bangladesh, in Japan. As observed from the data of the past five years, the market shares of China s garment products in the major import markets, including the EU, the US and Japan, had far exceeded other countries. However, the market shares are on a downward trend year after year.

The operating environment for the Chinese textile and garment enterprises is still full of headwinds. Since 1 January 2015, the EU has terminated the Generalized System of Preferences (GSP) treatment on Chinese textile and garment products; RMB has appreciated significantly against the Euro and the Japanese yen; and the labor costs in Mainland China have continued to rise.
Major garment importing markets have been gradually shifting their procurement focus from China to developing countries situated mainly in Southeast Asia and South Asia. Corporate restructuring and advancement, coupled with cross-border industrial transfer, are critical strategic options for the Chinese textile and garment enterprises to strengthen their global competitiveness.
Supported by the comparative advantages in its labor force and the relatively favorable trade environment, Vietnam s garment export growth is rising to the top of the world. The export value of Vietnam s textile industry was about US$23.49 billion in 2014, representing an increase of 16.9% over the previous year. As Vietnam encourages more foreign companies to invest in upstream clothing industries, such as yarn and fabrics, its reliance on China s raw materials used for garment manufacturing will gradually diminish.
The garment products exported from Vietnam to the EU continue to enjoy favorable GSP treatments and tariff incentives, and the tax benefit may become available to Vietnam as one of the member countries of the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement (TPP). This has resulted in Vietnam becoming a major country for transfer of the Chinese textile and garment industry.
From 1 January 2015 onwards, the Chinese government has increased the export tax rebate rate for some textile and garment products to 17%, thereby enhancing the export competitiveness of China s textile and apparel products; the cotton inventory level in the world is currently at a historical high level, it is expected that the cotton price will remain stable in the near term. However, since the cotton cultivation area has contracted, which is caused by the stretched cotton price, the shrinkage in supply will affect the mid- to-long term cotton price movement; the US dollar is appreciating against RMB, which is beneficial to the export enterprises that settle their trades mainly in US dollar.

During the year, the Board has collaborated closely with all professional committees to work on tasks conforming to the Group s overall strategies and goals. All of such tasks have led to fruitful results. All members of the Company are committed to the highest standard of corporate governance, and are determined to build a fair and impartial decision-making process. By ensuring a high degree of transparency, the Company will exert every effort to provide an open communication channel for all shareholders and investors.
I would like to express my sincere gratitude towards my fellow Directors for their valuable contributions over the past year. I would also like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to the management staff of all levels, as well as all of the staff members for their devotion and loyalty towards the Company. Your hard work is the best guarantee for the Group s sustainable development in the future. I hope that all staff members will abide by the core values of being honest, responsible, willing to learn, efficient , and work hard for the Group s future development with a renewed endeavor. I would like to thank our shareholders, customers and suppliers for their long-lasting trust in the Company. I hope that we will continue to gain your support in our future development! In the journey ahead, the Group will continue to strengthen its production base in Mainland China, while expediting the construction of the vertically-integrated production model overseas, so as to gradually expand the scale of the production bases abroad. Building on the R&D and management capabilities of its Chinese base, the Group will heighten the competitiveness of its foreign production bases, so as to introduce a new source of growth to the Group s 
I deeply believe that only through innovation can one find opportunities, only through exploration can one achieve growth. The Group will strive to bring to its customers a more comprehensive service mix, and to create considerable returns for its shareholders.

Chairman of the Board Hong Kong, 25 March 2015 