Chairman’s Statement
To All Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to announce the
annual results of Shenzhou International Group Holdings Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) in 2011 for
shareholders’ review.
During the year, the Group continued to promote the lean production
management, thus contributing to a further enhancement of
production efficiency and an apparent decline in the resources
consumption. We made an initial move into the retail business of
self-owned brands. The building up of the management team was
basically completed. Stores have also been opened in Shanghai,
Ningbo and Suzhou for trial operation. More reasonable product
mix was in place. Continued endeavours were made to promote
the optimization of the layout of production bases. Staff welfare has
also been further strengthened. The achievements during the year
have enabled the Group to lay a firmer foundation for its sustainable
development. Although the industry’s operating environment was
not yet improved, the Group attained satisfactory results in 2011, as
noted from a significant growth in revenue and profitability, and an
increasingly solid financial position. At this point, I would like to thank
the management at all levels and all employees for their efforts. It
is our vision to create a brighter future for the Group with stronger
confidence and greater endeavours from all employees. And, we
hope that investors can cast vote of confidence in the achievements
made by the Group and the support of the development strategies of
the Group.
During the year ended 31 December 2011, the Group was in a
sound financial position. Total sales throughout the year amounted
to approximately RMB9,043,442,000, up by 34.6% when compared
to 2010. In comparison to profit attributable to the equity holders
of the Company of RMB1,271,654,000 for the year ended 31
December 2010, profit attributable to the equity holders of the
Company for the year ended 31 December 2011 rose by 34.0% to
RMB1,703,845,000. Earnings per share reached RMB1.37.
In light of promising business performance and strong financial
position of the Group, the Board of Directors of the Company (the
“Board” or the “Directors”) recommends the distribution of a final
dividend of HK$0.50 (equivalent to about RMB0.41) per share.
Export value of China’s textiles and garments in 2011 recorded a
continued growth. According to Chinese Customs statistics, the
total export value of China’s textile and garment industry (including
textile yarn, fabrics and finished products as well as apparel and
apparel accessories, the same below) in 2011 was US$247.89
billion, representing an increase of 20.0% over the previous year.
This increase was down by 3.6 percentage points when compared
to 2010. Out of the total export value, the export value of textile
products amounted to US$94.67 billion, representing a year-onyear
increase of 22.9%. The garment export value rose by 18.3%
to US$153.22 billion on a year-on-year basis. In the aftermath
of the financial crisis, the export value maintained a double-digit
growth for two consecutive years. However, the growth was mainly
driven by the adjustment in sales prices in line with the rise in raw
material prices and the surge in labour costs. There was no obvious
growth in the total export volume. On front of the domestic market,
the consumer demand for apparel products continued to grow.
According to the information published by the National Bureau of
Statistics, in terms of the retail sales of goods among the “overthe-threshold”
enterprises, sales of garments during the year grew
by 25.1% over the previous year. The growth was maintained at a
rate of more than 20% for five consecutive years. It is noticed that
there is increasing participation in the domestic market competition
from apparel retail brands and accelerated pace of expansion
into the PRC market by foreign brands over the recent years. The
competition in the apparel retail industry has become intensified.
With the continued growth in market demand and the adjustment in
the structure of the consumption of apparel products, apparel retail
enterprises with competitive edges in quality and price are set to
usher in larger space for development in the domestic market. 
During the year, due to the accelerated appreciation of RMB against
U.S. dollars, the continued rise in labour costs, the volatility in
cotton prices, and the relatively tightening of the monetary policy,
the profitability of the industry was generally affected. In addition,
given higher requirements on environmental protection from the
government, some small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs)
with outdated equipment, backward technology and high energy
consumption began to exit the industry. Under the impact of the
adverse operating environment, the integration of the domestic
textile and garment industry has been speeded up. I believe
that leading enterprises in terms of product quality, production
management and environmental protection will continue to benefit
from the industry consolidation.
In recent years, with the continued rise in labour costs in the country,
enterprises with main competitive edge in costs will face challenges
from counterparties in other low-cost countries. Due to the special
tariff policies among the member countries of the U.S.-led TransPacific
Partnership Agreement (TPP), the competitiveness of the
textile and garment industry in China will inevitably be exposed to
certain impact in the long term. However, from a general perspective,
China’s textile and garment industry in the international community
will continue to be armed with relatively strong competitive
advantages in good infrastructure, comprehensive industry
supporting facilities and high concentration of talented management
and technical personnel. All these advantages helped reduce the
costs of production of textile and garment products in China to
a large extent. In addition, leveraging on the stability of product
quality and enterprises’ capability of promptly responding to market
demand, the international competitiveness of China’s textile and
garment industry has been enhanced.
In 2012, being dampened by the debt crisis in Europe and the
weakened economic recovery in the U.S., the demand for textile
and garment products in the international market is expected to
be weakened. In line with a fall in China’s export trade surplus or
even deficit, the pressure of the appreciation of Renminbi against
U.S. dollars has been greatly eased. Particularly, the exchange
rate of Renminbi against U.S. dollars has been close to equilibrium
following the sharp appreciation of Renminbi over a couple of years.
At present, in view that the global cotton stocks hit historic high, and
the growth in market demand was weakened, the extent of volatility
of cotton prices is expected to be narrowed.
The Board collaborated closely with various dedicated committees
during the year. Tasks were performed in line with the Group’s
overall strategies and goals. Fruitful results were reaped in various
tasks. All members of the Company are committed to maintaining
highest degree of corporate governance as well as achieving fair and
impartial decision-making processes. We will strive for maintaining a
high degree of transparency, and pay every effort on providing open
channels of communication for all shareholders and investors.
I would like to express gratitude to my fellow directors for their
hard work over the year, and to extend heartfelt thanks to the
management at all levels and all staff for their devotion during the
year. The Group’s success in realizing its established goals for the
year is attributed to the diligence and dedication of each and every
member of us. I would also like to thank our shareholders, suppliers
and customers for their enduring trust in the Company. With the
support from all of you, the Group is set to step into a brilliant future.
For the Group’s future development, I believe that opportunities will
outnumber challenges. Yet, continued efforts should be delivered
to enhance the comprehensive competitive strengths of us, and
thus enhance our leading position in the industry. The Group will
further integrate the resources advantages in different regions. The
Group will also expand or newly build production bases in overseas
regions by capturing the prevailing opportunities. Complementary
advantages will be formed with the production base in Ningbo. With
the strengthening of the integration of the retail management team,
the enhancement of the capacity of the management team and the
steady expansion of the retail business sales market, the Group will
lay a foundation for the further development of the retail business in
the future.
I firmly believe that corporate value depends on the value created
by the enterprise to the community. We will continue to uphold our
long-standing tradition to produce quality products for consumer,
offer superb services for our customers and create prominent returns
for our shareholders, thereby endeavouring to reinforce the Group’s
leading niche in the industry.
Chairman of the Board
Ma Jianrong
Hong Kong, 26 March 2012