Chairman s Statement We live in an age where change is taking place with an irreversible force and the world is inevitably undergoing dramatic reform from old to the new. A company which wants to excel against all others in the industry must have the ability to make strategic decisions intuitively, have great strength to manage its organization and carry through implementations, be supported by an excellent professional team, and especially have the courage to revolutionize itself to transform ahead of the market, as well as have a keen observation of customers needs and experience. A revolution will not take place quietly, but will always be accompanied by thunderstorms. Ping An has become ready to face the tremendous challenges arising from the evolution of modern technology and innovation of business model. Under the theme of Driven by Technology, Finance Can Serve Life Better , we endeavored to develop traditional finance and non-traditional businesses simultaneously, in an effort to make Ping An the leading personal integrated financial services provider in China , ultimately fulfilling our strategic vision of being a globally leading integrated financial services group.
1. 2013 has been the fourth consecutive year that Ping An announced to upgrade its service. Ping An Life, a subsidiary of the Company, has complemented service upgrades in three aspects, namely multi-channel service, shorten claim procedure and home claim service. Leveraging on our leading technological financial strength, Ping An has innovated its services in line with customers need and delivered easier and faster service experience for consumers to establish itself as a pioneer in financial insurance industry.
2. In October 2013, Ping An Life has introduced Ping An Fu , a health care program. As compared to traditional life insurance products, it is the first life insurance product with market- oriented premium, offering a higher insurance amount at the same premium, which can provide customer with more security and benefits. The launch of Ping An Fu has enabled insurance companies to establish more flexible pricing strategy, so as to develop more diversified and market-targeted insurance products, in terms of covering customer s need for security and 
3. From September 2013 to January 2014, Ping An Property & Casualty has carried out the activity of A safe e-trip, Ping An stands by you for the 10th customer service day. During the activity, self-service through hotline and WeChat were particularly introduced for female drivers. It also carried out various programs including Finding Ping An Talents , Complain Express and Interactivity through WeChat for the purpose of hearing customer s feedback, so as to really connect customers with Ping An more closely through customer service day.
In 2013, confronted with the complex and ever-changing domestic and overseas economic environment, as well as the intensified competition in the internet industry, Ping An met a variety of challenges and great opportunities, but realized many achievements. Facing the numerous challenges marked by the domestic economy structural adjustment, market transformation, and revolution in traditional models brought by internet technology, Ping An further implemented the operational strategy of reasonable growth, structural optimization and planning for the future . We achieved significant growth in traditional financial businesses and actively arranged non-traditional businesses, built up the collective strengths and realized the sound momentum of steady and progressive operations. In terms of traditional financial businesses, efforts were made in the following areas: we maintained stable growth in the insurance business and continued to optimize the products structure; for the banking business, we gained more traction in our strategic transformation and actively transformed the growth model; we persisted in optimizing the allocation of insurance funds; as for integrated finance, we went to great lengths to further tap customer value, and promoted the migration of customer to create synergies. In terms of non-traditional businesses, we actively arranged and researched creative strategies from the perspective of innovation and competition of internet finance, and insisted on improving the business model of a variety of innovative entities, including Lufax, PAhaoche and Ping An Pay. In 2013, the Group successfully issued RMB26 billion A Share Convertible Bonds, which further entrenched the capital base and strengthened the solvency position. Additionally, the Company has been designated as a Global Systemically Important Insurer ( G-SII ) in 2013, which will enhance the Group s risk management and corporate 
This year, our key indicators such as net profit, net assets and total assets recorded remarkable growth. In 2013, the Company s net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company reached RMB28,154 million, up 40.4% over the previous year. As at December 31, 2013, equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company stood at RMB182,709 million, 14.5% higher over the start of the year. The Company had total assets of RMB3,360,312 million, up 18.1% over the start of the year.

Looking back at the operations in 2013, we achieved outstanding performance in the following aspects: Our life insurance business recorded stable and healthy growth, while the quality of our property and casualty insurance business remained sound, and our annuity business maintained its leading position in the industry. The net investment yield of our insurance funds reached a three-year high. Written premiums of life insurance reached RMB219,358 million, up 10.0% over the previous year, among which written premiums from individual life insurance business reached RMB197,040 million, an increase of 11.9%. Written premiums of new business reached RMB44,156 million, up 12.4% over the previous year. The value of new business rose 14.1% over the previous year, with the ongoing optimization of the business structure. As at December 31, 2013, there were approximately 557 thousand individual life insurance agents, a number 8.6% higher over the start of the year. Ping An Life had a market share of 13.6%, an increase of 0.7 percentage points from 2012. Ping An Property & Casualty continued to focus on business quality and realized a premium income of RMB115,365 million, up 16.8% over the previous year with a market share of 17.8%, placing it in second position in the market. It maintained a sound profitability level with a combined ratio of 97.3%. The three major performance indicators of our annuity business annuity payments received, assets entrusted, and assets under investment management all maintained their lead in the annuity industry. We are also the major provider of employee benefits schemes business in PRC.
Due to our continuous efforts in optimizing the assets portfolio of insurance funds, raising the proportion of fixed income assets and allocating more investments to quality debt schemes, our net investment yield reached a three-year high. As at December 31, 2013, the value of our insurance funds reached RMB1,230,367 million. Net investment yield was 5.1% and total investment yield was 5.1%, representing an increase of 0.4 and 2.2 percentage points from 2012, 
4. On November 16, 2013, An unveiling ceremony of internet insurance company Zhongan.
com was held in Shanghai, which was jointly established by Ping An, Tencent and Alibaba. In recent years, besides developing traditional financial business, Ping An dedicated to experiment in the field of internet finance.
Innovative companies have been established, including Lufax, 
5. On December 6, 2013, the estate and finance innovation forum Bright virtue and grasp the opportunity: new ten years of real estate was held in Shenzhen. The attendants had discussed about the trend of Chinese macro economy and opportunities for real estate business in next ten years, and witnessed the unveiling ceremony of Real Estate Finance Club of Ping An Bank Golden Orange and Ping An Bank Workstation for Postdoc 
6. On November 28, 2013, jointly with McKinsey, Ping An Trust has issued the Report on the Research of the Development of Chinese Trust Industry in 2013 in Beijing. The report was presented from the perspective of trust company and applied international approach to review and discuss the transformation of trust industry, based on which, this report especially focused on discussing the developmental alternatives available for trust companies in the future.
7. On November 28, 2013, the Awards Ceremony for Ping An Endeavourers Project 10th Anniversary was held in Beijing.
Since its launch in August 2003, it has developed into a 
program that consists of Endeavourers Thesis Award, Endeavourers Forum and Endeavourers Alumni Meeting.
In aggregate of 4,940 students were awarded with 16.87 million scholarships, bringing wide and positive influence to the schools 
8. Ping An strives to fulfill its commitment of implementing corporate social responsibility.
Currently, we have built up over one hundred Ping An Hope primary schools located in the impoverished areas all around the nation and also launched volunteer teaching program to support fundamental education.
As at the end of 2013, a total of 2,701 volunteers from all social sectors had participated in this program and helped over 30,000 
Our banking business made steady headway in its strategic transformation, while the business model and product innovation achieved breakthroughs. In 2013, our banking business contributed a profit of RMB7,807 million to the Group, up 13.6% compared with 2012. Ping An Bank s total assets reached RMB1.89 trillion, 17.8% higher than the start of the year. Total deposits and total loans amounted to RMB1.22 trillion and RMB0.85 trillion, up 19.2% and 17.6%, respectively over the start of the year, putting our business on a sound footing. In 2013, our banking business intensified its strategic transformation with a continuous effort in developing the areas of investment banking business, retail banking, microfinance, credit card, automobile finance and trade finance. Our innovations in business model, products and services all achieved great breakthroughs.
The newly launched Daidai Ping An Commercial Card has enabled small enterprises to enjoy comprehensive integrated financial services including deposit, borrowing, settlement and wealth management using only one card, facilitating their business development. The Group has successfully completed the capital injection of RMB14,782 million to Ping An Bank, which significantly improved the bank s capital adequacy position. Furthermore, Ping An Bank has enhanced its credit structure, tightly controlled in the increase of non-performing loans and maintained stable asset quality. As at the end of 2013, the non-performing loan ratio was 0.89%, 0.06 percentage points lower over the start of the year.
Ping An Trust s customer base continued to grow. We continued to strengthen risk management and focus on developing high-quality business. Ping An Trust s private wealth management business has been growing steadily with the number of active and high net worth customers exceeding 21,000, up 14.5% over the start of the year. Assets held in trust reached RMB290.3 billion, of which paid-in capital of collective trust products mostly held by individual customers exceeded RMB175.8 billion, up 47% over the start of the year, placing Ping An Trust at the forefront of the industry. The Company actively managed assets held in trust with strict risk control measures, and saw the successful redemption of products reaching maturity. In 2013, Ping An Securities sponsored 27 credit bond projects, ranking No. 4 in the industry by the number of credit bonds issued.
With the reform of brokerage business making progress and the balance of margin trading and securities lending business growing 241.1% over the start of the year, our securities business structure has undergone further 
We made great progress in integrated finance, with technological innovation spurring the business development. For personal integrated finance, we have established a customer value segmentation and management system as well as a big data analysis platform in order to better acquire customers, facilitate customer migration as well as cross sell different products. A total of 5.1 million customers across business lines have been migrated, accounting for 27% of new customers of all subsidiaries combined.
In 2013, cross-selling through our agency force contributed RMB19.8 billion in insurance premiums and RMB76.4 billion in financial assets. Moreover, 54.6% of the auto insurance premium and 39.8% of new credit card issuance were generated through cross-selling and telesales, while 17.0% of new retail deposits were generated through cross-selling. In terms of corporate integrated finance, the cooperation among the Group s subsidiaries was reinforced. Through delivering one-stop integrated financial services solution to corporate clients, our brand image as an integrated financial services provider has been enhanced in the market.
The Company has also actively promoted innovation and technology applications to enhance customer experience, continuously increasing the level of automation in our operating platforms, as well as increasing and optimizing the usage of E-marketing platform and mobile claims 
We have set our strategy for internet finance, and stepped up our execution. Anchored by social finance, Ping An s internet finance seeks to incorporate financial services into the very fabric of everyday life: health, food, housing, transportation, and entertainment, and help customers to manage their wealth, health and lives, so as to provide our customers with simple, convenient, reliable and interesting experiences and services, thus accelerating customer migration. We have developed new businesses, including Lufax, Wanlitong Loyalty Points Program, auto market, e-Payment, mobile social finance portal, etc. Lufax has made great stride in the execution of its strategy and organizational structure with a significant increase in transaction scale. The number of Wanlitong Loyalty Points Program business partners increased largely from 5 thousand at the end of 2012 to 200 thousand at the end of 2013. PAhaoche has preliminarily completed the establishment of website and online trading platform, while 11 offline brick-and-mortar stores were opened. Ping An Pay successfully launched Yiwallet as a mobile social payment application. Ping An Technology launched the mobile social finance portal Tianxiatong , which will greatly boost the development of traditional 
Honors and Awards In 2013, we continued to maintain a leading position in terms of brand value. Our comprehensive strength and efforts in corporate governance and corporate social responsibility have won us numerous accolades and awards at home and aboard from independent third parties such as rating agencies and the media.
Ranked 181st in Fortune Global 500 and maintained top ranking among mainland Chinese companies in the non-SOE category.
Included in the Forbes Global 2000 for the ninth time, ranking 83rd.
Included in the Financial Times Global 500, ranking 
Ranked 84th in the Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands by Millard Brown.
Ranked 6th on the list of 2013 Best Chinese Brand by Interbrand, the largest brand consultancy in the world, making us the top brand in Chinese 
Named Best Managed Insurer in Asia by Euromoney for the fifth consecutive year; Winner of Corporate Governance Asia Recognition Awards by Corporate Governance Asia for the seventh consecutive year and winner of Best Corporate Governance Platinum by The Asset for the fifth consecutive year.
Re-selected by the 21st Century Business Herald as the winner of Best Corporate Citizen and Enterprise of Low Carbon Emission Pioneer and honored with Ten Years Corporate Citizen ; eight-time consecutive winner of the Most Responsible Enterprise award by China News Weekly ; 12-time consecutive winner of the Most Respected Company by The Economic Observer 
In 2013, Ping An s corporate social responsibility has stepped into a new era. We carried out the development of green finance, through the application of 18 items of technological service, which reduced carbon dioxide emission by a total of 2,927.4 tons. To help improve the eco-system, we donated RMB2.42 million to plant Ping An Forests in 11 provinces in the nation. As for education, a total of 2,701 volunteers enrolled in our education initiative in Ping An Hope Primary Schools, providing nearly 200 thousand hours of volunteer services. In our online charity program One hour for charity bringing love and security , we donated RMB2 million to provide 30,000 medical insurance policies for the children who were victims of the Ya an earthquake, with the sum insured of up to RMB5.86 billion. The year 2013 marked a decade since the launch of Ping An s Endeavorers Plan.
During the period, 4,940 students received RMB16.87 million in financial support. Our effort in corporate social responsibility has been widely recognized by society. In a ranking of social responsibility by listed companies, Ping An s standing in corporate social responsibility took first place for four consecutive years. Our development philosophy is to create a harmonious environment for business, nature and the economy, which is the goal driving our business s sustainable growth.

The year 2014 will see both greater opportunities and challenges. The Third Plenary Session of the Eighteenth CPC Central Committee has drawn a grand blueprint to set forth further reforms through urbanization, economic restructuring, and upgrading of industrial structure, in view of stimulating the internal vitality of China s economy.
China s economic growth is expected to maintain a healthy and steady pace, with continuously rising national income and corresponding greater demand for personal financial services. As a result, personal integrated financial services will find enormous opportunities and a more extensive platform for growth. In the meantime, new technology with mobile internet at its core is advancing rapidly, sending shock waves to all traditional industries including the finance sector. This is a challenge, but also presents more of an opportunity.
I hope that all colleagues at Ping An, myself included, will maintain our pioneering spirit of passion, persistence and patience, boldly embracing both challenges and opportunities ahead. With a keen awareness of the competition and market risks, Ping An will focus on the concept of Driven by Technology, Finance Can Serve Life Better and chart our innovative course forward, achieving synergies between the traditional and non-traditional business lines. In terms of traditional business, we actively implement two crucial missions: financial supermarket and customer migration. For non-traditional business, we endeavor to push for innovations, by incorporating financial services into the very fabric of everyday life: health, food, housing, transportation and entertainment, to realize the goal of One Customer, One Account, Multiple Products, and One-Stop Services . We endeavor to promote transformation and migration between non-financial services users and financial businesses customers, and to achieve three retentions (customer assets, loyalty points, and health records) and five increases (number of customer, customer usage frequency, customer asset under management, number of products per customer, and profitability of single customer), striving to bring Ping An s business success to new heights in the new era.
Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee of Ping An Group, I would like to express my most sincere gratitude to the investors, partners and society members who have given their trust, concern and support to Ping An Group, as well as our colleagues who have contributed to the Company s long-term and healthy development.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
March 13, 2014 
