Chairman s Statement 
Chairman of the Board 
To All Shareholders, On behalf of the board of directors, I am pleased to announce the annual results of Shenzhou International Group Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) in 2010 for all shareholders to review.
2010 has been the best year since the outbreak of the financial crisis for the export of the Chinese garment industry. However, the year also exhibited the greatest cost pressure across the industry as raw material costs, in particular the cotton prices, surged significantly during the year while other factors such as labor costs, energy prices and exchange rates of Renminbi also posed enormous threat on the profitability across the industry. Furthermore, the production of the Group s factories in Ningbo Economic and Technical Development Zone was suspended for 8 days in August 2010 due to the implementation of an energy-saving and emission-reduction project. Notwithstanding all kinds of difficulties, the Group was able to maintain an increase in sales revenue and stable profit margin.
In addition, the Group achieved satisfactory results in respect of expansion in the domestic market and optimization of the product mix. Such developments have laid a solid foundation for the Group s sustainable and healthy growth in the future. Therefore, I would like to express my thanks for the enormous efforts made by the management staff at all levels and all employees and hope that all employees will strive harder together with dogged determination for a brighter future for the Group. I also wish that investors will be impressed by the achievements made by the Group despite all adversities and continue to support the Group s development 
For the year ended 31 December 2010, the financial position and performance of the Group was sound. Annual sales amounted to approximately RMB6,719,172,000, representing an increase of 10.3% as compared to 2009. Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2010 has risen by 1.6% to RMB1,271,654,000 from RMB1,252,030,000 for the year ended 31 December 2009. Earnings per share reached RMB1.02.
In light of the satisfactory business performance and sound financial position of the Group, the board of directors of the Company (the Board or the Directors ) recommended the distribution of a final dividend of HK$0.36 (equivalent to approximately RMB0.31) per 
Export of the textile and garment industry bounced back noticeably in 2010. According to China Customs Statistics, the export revenue of the Chinese textile and garment industry (including textile yarn, fabrics, finished products, apparel and apparel accessories, the same below) was US$206.53 billion in 2010, representing a rise of 23.6% as compared to the previous year. Out of the total export value, the export of textile products amounted to US$77.05 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 28.4%, and the export value of garments amounted to US$129.48 billion, representing a year- on-year growth of 20.9%. Nonetheless, in view of the fluctuation in the exchange rates of Renminbi against US dollars, as well as the rises in raw material and labor costs, sales prices were severely affected and we are not that optimistic about the actual growth in export. In the domestic market, under the guidance of the national policy implemented by the Chinese government to promote domestic consumption, and benefiting from an increase in the residents income, the garment and textile industry maintained a relatively fast development. According to the information released by the National Statistics Bureau of China, in terms of the retail sales of goods among the over-the-threshold enterprises, there was an increase of 25.8% in garments during the year. However, as domestic garment retail brands have developed rapidly in recent years, the competition in the domestic garment retail market has intensified. Under the Twelfth Five-Year Plan, the Chinese government has made the security of its people s livelihood the paramount issue. We believe that the improvement in the living standard of the Chinese residents will further stimulate domestic consumption and boost the domestic market demand for quality garment products.

To alleviate the adverse impact of various operating difficulties such as rising costs and labor shortage, the Group has taken a number of precautionary measures, such as appropriately stockpiling raw materials before prices surged, acquiring a right from the government of Beilun District, Ningbo City to use water from a local reservoir for 20 years and unremittingly improving the working and living environments of the staff. Meanwhile, the Group has also laid a solid foundation for its long-term development through adjusting its product structure, introduction of new and premium domestic customers and persistently optimizing the layout of production bases. The Group believes that challenges to the industry bring development opportunities and will strive to reinforce its leading position among its peers so as to secure its position to take advantage of industry consolidation.
Although the challenges posed to the Group by soaring costs will persist in 2011, I remain optimistic about the future prospect of the Group s business as the demand for sportswear will continue to surge, the design skill of the Group is improving and a retail sales development team designated for the domestic market will come into play soon.
In the future development, the Group will attach great importance to its competitiveness against its peers. As such, the Group will increase its input into research and development to attract candidates of high caliber and to enhance its product development capability; actively expand in the domestic market so as to mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuation on its performance and the uncertainties in export sales brought by changes in trade policies; continue to optimize the layout of its production bases to capitalize on the resources in different regions; strengthen its lean production management for a better cost control; and upgrade its business from a primitive manufacturer to a market-oriented enterprise.
During the year, the Board worked closely with various professional committees on the Group s overall strategies and targets. We have achieved significant results with our efforts. Every staff member of the Company endeavors to pursue excellent corporate governance and attain fairness and justification in our decision-making process, ensure and maintain high transparency in our governance, and try all our best to provide open communication channels for all of our shareholders and investors.

I would like to thank the Directors for their hard work during the year, as well as the management and all staff members for their utmost dedication to their job, for it is their diligent work that contributes to the realization of the established goals of the Group. Last but not least, I would like to express my gratitude to all of our shareholders, suppliers and customers for their unwavering trust in and support to the Company which lead to a brighter future for the Group.
I strongly believe that the value of an enterprise comes from its contribution to the society. The Group will continue to persist in offering quality products to the consumers, providing best services to the customers and creating satisfactory returns to the shareholders with a view to reinforcing our leading position in the 
Chairman of the Board 
Hong Kong, 28 March 2011 