CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
BUSINESS REVIEW & OUTLOOK
For the financial year of 2004/2005, the group achieved a turnover
of HK$2,771 million and has recorded a net profit of HK$418
million. This represents an increase in turnover of 63% and an
increase in net profit of 47% over the same period last year. The
major reason for the increases is capacity growth. PM5, our fifth
production line with an annual capacity of 250,000MT, started
operation early 2004. It is now running at full capacity and making
contributions to the Group. PM6, our sixth production line with an
annual capacity of 300,000MT, and just began operation in
September 2004. Although PM6 is not running at the expected
efficiencies, after further tuning for a period of time, it is expected
to make further contributions to the Group in years to come.
During the year, the management was able to take a significant
step to implement the Group’s business strategy by vertically
integrating its operation. In February 2005, the Group acquired a
pulp mill with an annual capacity of 200,000MT which is located
at Samoa, California, United States. Only half of its production
volume is adequate to fulfill our existing demand of pulp while the
remaining will be placed on the market for sale and in return bring
us profit. Strategically, the management believes the acquisition in
North America is a very important step in the Group’s business
development. It would reduce our dependence on the outside
pulp suppliers and at the same time generating extra income,
profit and lowering our existing paper production costs.
Looking ahead, the Group has begun construction of its third
paper production industrial park located at Dongguan Hongmei,
which will allow it to capture the continuously growing demand
for quality containerboard in the Pearl River Delta region. PM7,
our seventh production machine and our first production line at
Dongguan Hongmei, is expected to begin operation in January
2006. It will have an annual production capacity of 400,000MT of
linerboard. Upon completion, the Group’s total containerboard
and pulp production capacity will reach 1.6 million metric tons
and 0.2 million metric tons respectively. The Group anticipates a
further improvement in its performance.
On behalf of the Board
Lee Wan Keung, Patrick
Chairman
Hong Kong, 28 June 2005