Chairman s Statement 
The largest vertically-integrated knitwear manufacturer in China 
To all shareholders, On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to announce the annual results of Shenzhou International Group Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for 2008 for all shareholders to review.
Income from sales and results of operations of the Group experienced ideal growth in 2008. More importantly, with dedicated efforts from our management and our staff, the Group accomplished encouraging development in improving production management, arrangement of production base, adjustment on product structure and exploration of the global market, which laid a solid ground for continuous and healthy development in the future. I am deeply grateful and heartened that though confronting the rigorous economic environment, the Group could still achieve sound operations results during the year. I also hope that our investors recognize the Group s achievement and support the strategy of the Group s business development. The outlook of the Group will further flourish in the future.
The Group enjoyed solid financial conditions during the year ended 31 December 2008. Sales for the year amounted to approximately RMB4,822,596,000, representing an increase of 31.9% as compared to 2007. Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by 71.9% from RMB406,882,000 for the year ended 31 December 2007 to RMB699,380,000 for the year ended 31 December 2008. Earnings per share amounted to RMB0.56.
In view of the positive business performance and sound financial conditions of the Group, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or the Directors ) has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.20 (equivalent to approximately RMB0.18) per 
The global economy is still undergoing ups and downs. The crisis of financial system has deeply impacted the real economy. Affected by slowdown of consumer demand, the growth in garment export significantly dropped. According to the customs statistics, exports of garment (including textile yarn, textiles and finished products and apparel and apparel accessories) from China for 2008 amounted to USD185.1 billion, representing an increase of 8.2% as compared to 2007 but the growth rate decreased 10.7% as compared to 2007, of which the exports of apparel and apparel accessories accounted for USD119.79 billion, representing a growth of only 4.1%. During the year, approximately two-thirds of enterprises in the industry recorded losses or were at the brink of loss. Problems such as insufficient capital and overstock of products severely affected the development of the garment enterprises. While the whole industry is facing a crisis, a small number of garment enterprises which occupy the leading positions usher opportunities of development.
I recognize that the PRC government has been launching supporting policies frequently in order to safeguard the healthy development of the textile garment industry. Since 1 August 2008, after three consecutive adjustments, the tax rebate rate for export of garment products has increased to 15%, and the textile garment industry has been listed in the top ten industry promotion plan. In addition, favorable factors, such as the implementation of the reform on value-added tax, decrease in bank borrowing rates and stabilization of exchange rate between Renminbi and US Dollars, all served to relieve the straits faced by textile garment enterprises. For foreign markets, following the cancellation of textile quotas by European Union in early 2008, the US-China Bilateral Textile Agreement has expired. As a result, starting from 1 January 2009, the US will no longer impose quotas on textiles from China. Thus, the development of garment enterprises become increasingly dependent on their own competitiveness and positions in the industry.

I am of the view that with advantages of excellent infrastructure, highly efficient logistics and transport and well-developed industry auxiliaries, the coastal area of Eastern China, for a long period of time, will be the processing base for middle and high end garment worldwide. The Group will also continue to set that region as its major production base. Meanwhile, to leverage the respective advantage of coastal area and the midland region and conform with the national policy of development of the economy of the mid- western region and expansion of internal demand, the Group has established garment production bases in Anqing, Anhui Province and Quzhou, Zhejiang Province. The plant in Anhui has commenced production since the first quarter of 2009, while that in Quzhou will seek to commence production in the third quarter of 2009.
The establishment of these bases not only expanded our garment production capacity, but also effectively utilized the advantage of domestic labour cost of those regions and enhanced the stability of front-line production workers.
Along with business expansion, the Group has put strong emphasis on energy-saving and emission reduction and achieved remarkable success. In the past year, the price of energy and water resource remained at record high. The Group reduced the energy and water consumption per unit of product through technological reform, facility upgrade and technical optimization, hence effectively resisted the cost pressure arising from the rising price of resources, better fulfilled the social responsibilities, in respect of energy and environment, of the enterprise in its course of continuous development. Pursuant to the water supply agreement entered into by the Group and the authority of the local Government of Ningbo, the PRC, quality water supply has been provided to the Group in the agreed manner from June 2008, which stabilizes the cost of water supply as well as strategically safeguards the safety on the use of water by the Group.

The Group s sales to Japan as a share of the total turnover decreased to 50.5% for the year as compared to 59.6% for 2007, while the sales to Japanese market still increased 11.9% as compared to 2007. Domestic sales as a share of the total turnover increased rapidly from 10.8% in 2007 to 19.0%. In addition, European markets and other markets including Korea, Hong Kong and Australia also recorded solid growth. The globalization setting of markets reduced the effect of fluctuation in demand in one particular market on the Group s operations. As one of the basic development strategies of the Group, Japan remains the core market segment of the Group in the future and play an important and indispensable role in the stable development of the Group.
During the year, the Board worked closely with the professional committees on the Group s overall strategies and objectives, and we have achieved significant results under our efforts. Every staff of the Company endeavours to pursue a high standard of corporate governance and ensure the fairness and integrity of our decision-making process. We make every effort in promoting high transparency of our governance and providing open communication channels for all of our shareholders and investors.
I would like to thank the Directors for their great efforts during the year, as well as the management and staff for their utmost dedication, for it is their diligent work that contributes to the realization of the established goals of the Group. Last but not least, I would like to express my gratitude to all shareholders and patrons for their continual trust, which is the cornerstone of a brighter future of Shenzhou International.
Looking forward, the Company will continue to adopt the strategy of diversification of products and markets to develop itself into the most competitive knitwear OEM. To address the problem of saturated production lines, the Group will actively target opportunities to set up new plants to further enhance the Group s dominant position in the industry, devote every effort to create value for customers and sound rewards for shareholders.
Chairman of the Board 
Ningbo, China, 26 March 2009 