CEO S STATEMENT Dedicate Every Effort to Create Value Ms. Sun Yiping Chief Executive Officer Thanks to the trust of the Board of Directors, I have been invited to join the family of Mengniu in April 2012. During the challenging year, I could feel every effort exerted by my colleagues to constantly drive the progress of Mengniu each and every day. Starting from every small detail, and working hand-in-hand with my colleagues, I also dedicated my best effort to leading the transformation and development of Mengniu. I am very grateful to my predecessors and all of our staff for building up such a dedicated, united and passionate team, which has contributed to the constant progress and the steady improvement in the overall results of Mengniu in 
Looking back into 2012, while food safety incidents had made impacts on Mengniu s brand image and sales performance, the hard lessons have urged us to reflect deeply on ourselves. We continued to make improvements in reconstructing our quality management system, optimising our product structure, improving penetration into new markets and advancing brand management as a modern fast-moving consumer goods enterprise. Looking ahead, with the core value of becoming a dairy enterprise that delivers products of the best quality and in the most professional and devoted manner in China , it is of utmost importance that Mengniu strengthens its foundation and devotes every bit of attention to every detail. As such, we will persistently strive for stable development, exert our social value as a leading dairy enterprise and find room for further 
During the year, Mengniu reformed thoroughly in different aspects ranging from corporate culture to quality control and from milk sources to marketing. We launched the Sunshine Campaign (} IQLR) to rebuild Mengniu s culture and proclaimed the motto The New Mengniu Listens with Heart (e[r _n). It promoted open and transparent communications, encouraged all staff members and business partners to re-ignite their passion for reviving the business and fully released their positive power. Arla Foods, a renowned dairy enterprise in Europe, was introduced to Mengniu as a strategic shareholder. With the support of the Ministry of Agriculture of the PRC, the two parties have co- established the China-Denmark Milk Technology and Cooperation Centre ( China-Denmark Cooperation Centre ), through which collaboration has been extended from the management of ranches and milk sources to the management of dairy product production, product development, activities related to clients and consumers, etc. We also re-rationalised the quality management system by setting up a head office of quality and safety management system as well as three quality centres on milk sources, operations and sales; through these four divisions, quality control is being implemented across the production chain and quality standards are applied to every detail. We focused on the brand concept of A Little Happiness Matters (Spnxy), and renewed our brand image for the first time in 13 years. We rationalised the brand categories of Mengniu, established a branding strategy driven by market demand and formulated development plans with emphasis on the key brands. In addition, we boldly reformed the sales channels and sales strategy, and sent the sales team to the frontline to enhance our understanding of the market and serve our clients in a more 
We understand that Rome was not built in a day, yet, we are more courageous in facing our deficiencies than ever before. We are dedicated to perfect our internal systems and procedures through constant effort, so as to introduce gradual fundamental changes from inside out, and from details to the whole.
In 2013, taking into account the long-term development of Mengniu, we worked with a renowned consultancy firm to formulate a new Five-Year Strategic Plan, which has been implemented since 2013. According to the plan, we will fully integrate the value of responsibility into each of our internal systems and the daily operations. We will adopt scientific approach in coordination and planning, and focus closely on branding, channels, business structure, human resources, etc.
Driven by Mengniu s constant efforts to appreciate the diversified demands of consumers, we look forward to achieving a more balanced development by fully enhancing the quality system of the entire production chain, optimising the product structure and focusing on competitive product categories and brands.
Meanwhile, Mengniu will further strengthen its collaboration with the world s leading dairy enterprises. We will leverage the advanced management experience from Arla Foods to adopt a more scientific and systematic approach to boost our own production and management efficiency. In addition, by fully introducing the production chain management systems of COFCO Group and Arla Foods, two major strategic partners of Mengniu, we will improve the management of ranch and quality assurance. In order to enhance the efficiency of milk sources management, we have redeployed the strategic road map for business structure and matching of supply and demand to align milk sources in a scientific manner and perfect the milk sources infrastructure.
We strive to restore our brand, further strengthen our product competitiveness and optimise our product portfolio in the five years to come. Meanwhile, we will improve market penetration and channel expansion, and thus enhance our nationwide sales capability and realise a leaner management structure. Enhancement and optimisation of human resources is also our focus. On the one hand, we will fully develop the corporate culture of Sunshine, Nobility, Responsibility and Innovation (}IQ00N0uR e), and attract more talents to join us; and on the other hand, we will provide training and promotion opportunities to existing key staff through the Dawn Scheme (hffR). We hope to increase team cohesiveness by creating a good working environment and offering an incentive mechanism for the purpose of laying a solid foundation in terms of human resources reserves and intellect for the reformation of Mengniu.
In recent years, the development of China s dairy industry has attracted great concern of the community that every single member of the industry should fully appreciate the huge responsibility he or she bears. Looking ahead, we will dedicate every effort to attentively refine every detail in quality control, products and branding. As such, we can offer consumers dairy products that are safe, premium and healthy, as well as realise our brand concept of spreading happiness to more and more people.
Through perseverance, we crave for creating greater value for our consumers, staff and shareholders, and turning Mengniu into a century-old enterprise and scoring more successes! 
