CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK
For the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group recorded a total
sales volume of 5.63 million tons and total revenue of HK$18.34
billion. Its annual net profit strongly increased by 22.7% year-on-year
to HK$2.86 billion, while its net profit per ton was HK$508.
The Chinese government’s efforts to eliminate obsolete production
facilities while embarking on environmentally-friendly policies has
gradually reduced overcapacity in the industry over the last year. The
recovery in demand within the paper industry has also notably
improved the demand and supply situation within the industry. The
price of paper has increased in recent months as a result of the surge
in energy, raw materials and transportation costs. The higher demand
plus the value-added tax refund policy have enabled the Group to
achieve growth in both sales revenue and profit despite the
depreciation of the Renminbi.
The Group will expand into overseas packaging paper markets and
invest in the construction of overseas paper factories to keep pace
with the expansion of the Southeast Asian markets. It is expected
that the paper machine project in Hau Giang, Vietnam with an
annual production capacity of 400,000 tons will begin operation in
March this year. As the overseas packaging paper market offers
enormous potential, the Group may invest more resources in this
sector. The PM21 paper machine with an annual production volume
of 400,000 tons at the Jiangxi plant is also under construction and
will begin operation in August this year. Upon commencing full
production, the annual production capacity of the Group’s packaging
paper will exceed 6 million tons.
In order to address the overcapacity and the environmental issues in
the paper industry, obsolete production capacities have steadily been
eliminated in China as approval standards for new production
capacities have become more stringent in recent years. Local
government authorities intend to impose more stringent
environmental monitoring policies and implement stricter
requirements on environmental protection, which will lead to
shutting down even more obsolete production capacities which fail
to measure up to environmental standards. Despite the slowdown in 
the economic growth of the Mainland economy, the demand for
packaging paper in China is expected to grow steadily in the long
run. In addition, the rapid development of e-commerce and online
shopping has led to fundamental changes in consumption and
logistics models, benefitting the packaging paper industry which is
currently undergoing consolidation. Looking ahead, overall paper
consumption still possesses considerable room for growth, thus the
Group is optimistic about the outlook of both the packaging paper
segment and the paper industry as a whole.
As for the tissue paper business, the eight tissue paper manufacturing
machines with a total annual production volume of 355,000 tons
located in the Chongqing Industrial Park have commenced full
production since last year. The Group will be able to further reduce
the production cost of tissue paper through economies of scale
leveraging the increase in production volume and utilising its pulp
production facilities in Chongqing. The Group will also expand tissue
paper business in Jiangxi, Guangdong and Chongqing Provinces.
Another six new production lines with a combined annual production
capacity of 330,000 tons will commence production within this year.
After all of the production lines ramp up operation, the Group’s
annual production capacity for tissue paper will reach 685,000 tons.
The tissue paper business is therefore expected to contribute a
considerable profit to the Group as it becomes another new growth
driver in the future.
Adhering to its long-held prudent strategies and with debts
maintained at a reasonable level, the Group will monitor the pace of
economic development while it continues to bolster the production
capacity in packaging and tissue paper. The management will
proceed with efforts to enhance production efficiencies, strictly
control costs and strengthen capital operation in order to maintain
the Group’s competitiveness in the paper industry. The experienced
and capable management team will continue to lead the
development of the Group’s businesses and exert its best efforts to
raise profitability.
