Chairman s Statement 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer In 2007, the PRC economy continued its stable and strong growth, which, together with a series of major breakthroughs in financial system reform and business innovation, have contributed to the prosperous development of the entire financial and insurance sectors. Leveraging on the positive domestic and foreign market trends, the Company continued to enhance its integrated financial services and global investment platform and fully capitalized on the favourable economic environment during 2007, which resulted in the healthy development of all its business segments. In 2007, the Company realized a net profit of RMB19,219 million and total income of RMB137,051 million, representing an increase of 140.2% and 55.4% respectively over the previous year.
Looking back at 2007, all our business segments exhibited strong growth momentum and we have further strengthened our three-pillar strategy for integrated 
" Our insurance businesses continued to maintain a strong growth momentum, resulting in total premium income and premium deposits of over RMB100 billion. In terms of our life insurance business, we achieved a new record high and made significant improvement in business scale and service quality, with an enlarged sales force of over 300,000 people. Our property and casualty insurance business recorded exceptionally strong growth, with total premium income exceeding RMB20 billion for the first time. The asset entrusted under the pension annuity reached RMB4.98 billion.
" The integration and transformation of the banking business was completed smoothly, which substantially strengthened the banking business of the Company. Shenzhen Ping An Bank has achieved significant growth in the business since its establishment. By the end of 2007, Shenzhen Ping An Bank had established five Anchor Wealth Management centres, introduced Ying Dong Li (RR) business for small and medium-sized enterprises and issued nearly 300,000 credit cards.
" The investment business capitalized on the buoyant market conditions and was a major contributor to the significant increase in the Company s profits.
The Company realized substantial increase in the returns from investment of the insurance assets, recorded strong growth in income from securities brokerage and investment banking businesses, and witnessed the growth of its wealth management trust assets to RMB47.5 billion. In addition, we have made good progress in establishing the global investment platform which has led to enhanced global asset allocation capability and has resulted in the Company becoming the first mainland China insurance company which has obtained regulatory approval to invest up to 15% of its total assets in the previous year in overseas 
In 2007, the Company was ranked first in the Best Chinese Company in Corporate Governance award, and was accredited the Outstanding Asian Company in Corporate Governance 2007 and Outstanding Board of Directors Award by well-recognized overseas media publications and international credit rating agencies for our best practice corporate governance and highly disciplined, professional and effective Board of Directors.
In addition, the Company was also awarded Most Respectable Enterprise in China for the sixth consecutive year and Best Corporate Citizen in China for the fourth consecutive year. The Company was also accredited as Pioneer Company for Driving Local Corporate Citizenship in China .
We will celebrate the twentieth anniversary of the establishment of Ping An in 2008. During the past 20 years, the Company has grown from a small insurance firm with only 13 employees to an integrated financial services group with almost 70,000 employees and 300,000 sales agents as well as over 40 million customers.
Ping An has gradually expanded from a business focused solely on property and casualty insurance to an integrated financial services group covering life insurance, property and casualty insurance, banking, asset management, corporate annuity, trust and securities business. The Company has grown not only in scale and diversity, but has also established a stronger foundation for a more sustainable operation going forward. I am very honored to have witnessed and be part of the Company s landmark transformation alongside my colleagues.
The year 2008 marks the beginning of the third decade of Ping An s development as a company. Looking ahead, we are very confident of the long term, strong growth of the Chinese economy and Ping An. Together with the continuous support of our shareholders, the exceptional leadership of our Board of Directors, the full dedication of our employees and the deep trust placed by our customers, we strongly believe that Ping An will be able to achieve its development objectives for the next ten years and to deliver long-term, sustainable returns to our shareholders.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
March 19, 2008 
