Chairman’s Statement
Wind and rain escorted Spring’s departure,
Flying snow welcomes Spring’s return.
With the return of Spring each year, we review in our annual report the results of
our efforts made, providing investors with a clear picture of the Company. Each
year again, we spare no effort and remain indomitable in all market conditions in
the hope that the Company will deliver growth year after year.
In 2016, China’s economy transitioned
to the “new normal” with profound
adjustments. For the financial industry,
it was a year of deep reform and
multiple challenges. During the past
year, we maintained stable growth that
outperformed the market. In 2016, Ping
An achieved a net profit of RMB72,368
million, up 11.0% compared with the
previous year; net profit attributable
to shareholders of the parent company
stood at RMB62,394 million, up 15.1%.
As at December 31, 2016, equity
attributable to shareholders of the
parent company was RMB383,449
million, an increase of 14.7% compared
with the end of 2015. In addition, the
Company entered the top 50 league in
“Fortune Global 500”. As at December
31, 2016, Ping An’s market capitalization
ranked 57th among global listed
companies, 15th among financial
groups and 1st in the insurance sector.
In retrospect, over the past 30 years,
Ping An has made steady progress
year after year. “Outstanding teams
and well-defined strategies” are the
key to our success. Every year we
explain our strategies and values in our
annual report. I believe most financial
investors are familiar with them
and receive them with recognition,
while some investors may find it
difficult to fully appreciate the value
of our integrated finance business
model. To make our annual report
readable for more investors, this
year, we have attempted to provide
explanations in simple terms, apart
from the standard reporting model
of financial institutions. In this way,
professional financial investors and
analysts can have an in-depth and clear
understanding of Ping An’s strategies
and values, and other investors will
also find our annual report easier to
read.
To put it simply, Ping An’s strategy
can be summarized as “One
Positioning, Two Focuses and Four
Service Ecosystems”.
The first is “One Positioning”. Ping
An is strategically positioned as “a
world-leading personal financial
services provider”. With a massive
population, China boasts the largest
medium- and high-income group
globally attributed to the presence
of social stability, steady economic
development and rapid increase of
personal wealth, and has become the
world’s largest and fastest-growing
personal consumer market. Focusing
on its vast target customer group in
which the middle class predominates,
Ping An actively explores the retail
market, personal consumer market
and personal financial service market.
Personal retail business is relatively
stable, as customer needs are hardly
affected by business cycles and
market fluctuations.
The second is “Two Focuses”. Ping
An focuses on pan financial assets
and pan health care. As a world
economic power, China’s economic
development will outpace that of
the global economy, while growth of
the financial and asset management
industry and that of the health care
industry will outpace other industries.
During the past decade, we have
remained committed to this strategic
focus, concentrating our resources on
pan financial assets and pan health
care, and have built differentiated
platforms to give the Company our
competitive edge.
The last is “Four Service Ecosystems”.
To address the market needs, Ping An
delivers financial services revolving
around “health, food, housing and
transportation”. As society progresses,
needs for financial services related
to daily life continue to grow. By
integrating daily life services seamlessly
with financial services applying internet
technology and big data, Ping An has
created new development models
for modern finance, and provides
customers with financial services
that are convenient, professional and
differentiated.
How then should we view the growth
value of Ping An’s strategy?
In assessing both the current value
and growth potential of retail finance
companies, three key indicators of
notable concern are customer base, the
number of products per customer, and
the profit per customer. As a personal
financial services provider, Ping An’s
value is reflected in the sustainable
rapid growth in all three indicators.
We have adhered to the integrated
finance model of “one customer,
multiple products, and one-stop
services” for nearly two decades, from
which remarkable results are springing
up. For customers, this model makes
services more convenient and more
efficient, providing them with more
value. For the Company, by virtue of
cross-selling among different products
and services, we achieve better
customer experience and lower costs
of customer acquisition, management
and operation. At the same time,
customer retention rate, loyalty and
satisfaction levels improve alongside
the competitive edge of the Company.
The data below indicates that in the
past few years, the number of users
and customers sustained rapid growth,
with more and more users of Ping An’s
internet products that have become our 
financial customers, and the number
of Ping An’s products held by both
internet users and financial customers
have continued to rise, and the profit
per customer too has increased steadily.
As at the end of 2016, the number of
Ping An’s individual customers reached
131 million, up 20.1% from the beginning
of 2016; the number of contracts
per customer reached 2.21, and the
profit per customer increased from
RMB289 to RMB312. In 2016, Ping An’s
individual business recorded a profit
of RMB40,829 million, up 29.5% year on
year, accounting for 65.4% of the Group’s
net profit attributable to shareholders
of the parent company. Indeed, the
steady growth in value of our individual
business has become a strong driver of
Ping An’s organic growth in value.
Sweet and fair, she craves not Spring for
herself alone,
To be the harbinger of Spring she is
content.
When the mountain flowers are in full
bloom,
She will smile mingling in their midst.
With an unwavering dedication to
our operations and management,
we endeavor to reward investors
with sustainable and steady business
growth. With care, we always listen
to the opinions and suggestions of
all investors and customers. Your
continued attention, trust and support
will undoubtedly help us usher in a more
radiant and resplendent Spring.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Shenzhen, China
March 22, 2017