Chairman’s Statement
To all shareholders:
I am pleased to present the audited consolidated results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2016 (the
“Year”).
In 2016, global economic recovery was slow and uneven. Affected by the sluggish international trade and investment,
as well as difficult political and economic situation in the euro area, global productivity reduced. World economy
was still caught in a “low-growth trap”. Amid the complex domestic and overseas economic environment, China’s
economy was slow but steady and improving. According to the statistics from National Bureau of Statistics of the
People’s Republic of China, the domestic GDP in 2016 rose by 6.7% year-on-year.
With the development of domestic economy, the income level of residents further increased. Driven by the purchase
tax preferential policy for low-emission vehicles with engines of 1.6-litres and under, the automobile industry
maintained a rapid growth in 2016. According to the statistics from China Association of Automobile Manufacturers,
both the production and sales volume of automobiles in China in 2016 hit a new record high, reaching approximately
28,119,000 units and 28,028,000 units respectively for the full year. Compared with the previous year, China’s
production and sales volume of automobiles in 2016 rose by 14.5% and 13.7% respectively; the respective growth
rates represented increases of 11.2 percentage points and 9.0 percentage points year-on-year.
In light of the rapid growth in the overall automobile industry, the Group launched new products proactively in 2016
and continued to improve pre-sales, sales and after-sales services, thereby stimulating rapid growth in automobile
sales. During the Year, the automobile sales volume exceeded 1 million units, reaching 1,070,000 units, which was
13.1% higher than the full-year sales target of automobiles for 2016. The Group was therefore among the list of
car manufacturers with sales volume of at least 1 million units. In 2016, the sales volume of Haval series reached
933,000 units, far ahead of its rivals and further consolidating Havel’s leading position in the SUV market. Havel
H6 remained as the monthly best-selling SUV for 45 months, with a new monthly sales record of 80,000 units in
December 2016. After the production of Haval H2 moved from the Tianjin production base to the Xushui production
base, its production capacity was further lifted during the Year, thus satisfying the need for increasing sales volume.
Sales volume of Haval H7, which was launched during the Year, also increased steadily, with monthly sales surpassing
10,000 units in November 2016. With regard to brand management, “Haval” brand ranked the first in “China Auto
Dealer Satisfaction with Suppliers Survey” held by China Auto Dealers Chamber of Commerce for its sales services
for two consecutive years. During the Year, the British brand valuation consultancy Brand Finance released the “2016
Brand Finance Auto 100”. The Group was included in the list again, taking the 30th position in the global ranking
and the first position in the China ranking.
During the year under review, after the inauguration of the Xushui Factory No. 2 of the Group, the Company’s
production capacity further increased to satisfy the need for increasing sales volume. At the same time, the Company
established more research and development facilities. In addition to the technology research and development centre
in Japan, the Company also set up research and development centres in the United States, Germany and India to
achieve globalisation of research and development.
With respect to corporate culture, the Group will adhere to its corporate philosophy of “improving little by little
every day”. With its foundation built on “integrity, execution, innovation and quality”, the Group is committed
to delighting customers, establishing a happy work environment for employees, creating value for customers and
benefits for society. The Group will continue to promote a culture of integrity, and act to realise Great Wall Motor’s
dreams and China’s dream.
In terms of employee care, the Group aims to create happiness for its employees, and gradually improves the care
and welfare system in respect of clothing, food, accommodation and transportation. The Group offers staff free meals
and staff quarters for employees who are single, as well as subsidies on car purchase and fuel. All these help increase
employees’ happiness and satisfaction.
In 2016, the Group’s sales volume exceeded 1 million units. Looking into 2017, as the SUV industry has now reached
the point of market saturation, the Group will be more determined and confident to launch a more comprehensive
product series, with an aim to grab a bigger market share.
In 2017, being the founding year of Great Wall Motor’s high-end brand WEY, the Group will strive to create the core
values of “luxury” and “safety”. The kind of luxury created by WEY is not an inaccessible, but an entry-level luxury
that is real and can be felt. The WEY brand will target high-end markets, and the Group is confident in making the
WEY brand China’s number one entry-level luxury SUV brand.
In 2017, the Company will actively establish its presence in overseas markets. The Company’s innovative global
research and development approach will help develop global products, and gradually form a production and sales
network covering Russia, Australia and other key regional markets. The Group will develop a SUV professional brand
to achieve its goal of becoming a global SUV market leader.
Wei Jian Jun
Chairman
Baoding, Hebei Province, the PRC
24 March 2017