Chairman s Statement 
Mr. LI Ning 
The year 2010 marked the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the LI-NING brand. All the way from the initial China s new generation of hope to Anything is possible to today s Make the change , we have witnessed the LI-NING brand s development from an infant to a challenge-driven teen with vitality, which continues to instill confidence and liveliness into the sporting goods industry in China. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend our sincerest appreciation to our business partners and Shareholders for their continued, unwavering support for the Group over the years.
THE TWO-DECADE JOURNEY The two-decade path that the Group has travelled since its establishment is a testament to our pioneering spirit and achievements. We take great pride in our business accomplishments over the past 20 years. In particular, the Group has successfully emerged as a company of scale, operating under modern corporate management over the past ten years, and consistently achieved a compound annual growth rate of over 30% for ten consecutive years. Such achievements 
are outstanding not just in our own industry, but also among local Chinese companies operating in other market sectors. As the Group s founder, I take pride in the Group s robust growth and our team s unparalleled accomplishments.
Nonetheless, the market in China is undergoing change. What previously was considered an environment with huge business opportunities has now become highly competitive as more and more players enter the market. Many have adopted a similar channel-expansion growth model, which is driving the industry into a fierce cycle of price competition. This highly competitive market, when coupled with the rapid maturity of consumers and urban development in China, has initiated changes in the fundamental nature of the business environment, posing new challenges to brand owners and prompting reforms to their business models. This has prompted us to look forward and prepare ourselves well in advance to address these issues as they develop through constant in-depth analysis of market trends, examining our own strategic goals and adjusting the implementation of our strategies.

MARKET JUDGMENT, CHOICE OF STRATEGY Although we have managed to make big strides by leveraging our learning and experiences over the decades, we have yet to fully establish the core competencies we long for. Our deep- seeded capability, which is of greater value and strength, has yet to be fully tapped. Hence to meet today s consumer needs, and based on our analysis of the development trends for the sporting goods industry in China, we believe that now is the time to initiate change.
Our very first goal at the time of founding the Group was to create a Chinese sports brand, and together we have determinedly pursued this goal over the past 20 years. Today, we must more clearly convey that LI-NING brand is a sports brand that provides professional sporting goods and instills a deep sense of pride and brand value. To this end, the LI-NING brand has opted to refrain from competing in the basic market. Instead we will focus on competing for the value-driven mainstream market in an effort to really evolve into a sports brand operating company.
Looking forward, we shall dedicate our key resources to enhancing the LI-NING brand in order to reach our ultimate goal of becoming a world-class sports brand from China.
To achieve this, the LI-NING brand must contribute to, and 
achieve notable performances in various mainstream sports.
Our efforts in pursuing this goal must be reflected in our product design, sports marketing, customer experiences and our brand positioning. Our aim is not to charge higher prices in itself, but to provide products with more professional functionality, higher usage value and more cutting-edge sports fashion, while instilling a deeper sense of glory in our brand and products. This is the type of change we are pursuing, and one which we see as the very foundation of a sustainable business model. We believe that only when we are able to establish LI-NING as a true sports brand, will we achieve infinite vitality and reach our goal of becoming a world-class sports brand.
Creating a world-class sports brand from China as a home- grown company is a great challenge and takes considerable time. However, I truly believe that our well-defined strategy will stimulate the creativity of the Li Ning team to reach this goal.
Through this, we shall witness a LI-NING brand, well equipped with an unparalleled competitive edge, embarking on a new path of rapid development.

Some ten years ago, the Group found itself at a similar cross- roads that called for decisive action on the direction of the Group s future development. Although the process went through twists and turns, the success of the changes laid the foundation for the Group s subsequent decade-long spectacular growth and reinforced the LI-NING brand s market position today. In light of the changes China and international markets are experiencing today, we once again find ourselves in a critical moment in history when we must rise up to meet the challenges and capitalise on the opportunities available to us.
2011 marks a year during which the Group will initiate adjustments to the implementation of its business strategies.
It will be the beginning of a journey in pursuit of change where new development opportunities and new challenges are bound to emerge. Notwithstanding the numerous difficulties and immense challenges that lie ahead, with our clearly defined strategic objectives, our unrelenting implementation and the uncompromising efforts of our team, we firmly believe that our investments, contributions and commitment to reform in the 
next few years will establish a firm footing to support another stage of rapid growth in the forthcoming development cycle.
Today, the LI-NING brand kick-starts its revitalised pursuit of becoming a world-class sports brand. As we proceed down this road, myself and the rest of the Board are calling for the continued trust and support of our business partners and Shareholders. Your faith and support will constitute the firm foundation and strong courage to excite the Li Ning team to embrace more challenges and realise our dreams.
Let s Make the change together! 
Hong Kong, 16 March 2011 