Chairman s Statement 
The year 2008 was a special year for the Group, and also a memorable year to be proud of. During the year, by leveraging our strength, we achieved remarkable results in different areas despite many challenges faced by us.
Beijing Olympics was undoubtedly the highlight of the year 2008. The Group was successful in capturing this historic opportunity through our integrated marketing strategy, which helped boost our brand value significantly. During the year, we continued to implement appropriate branding strategy, successfully expanded our products into a more penetrating distribution network, further strengthened our product design and research and development, and adopted the multi-brand strategy. Meanwhile, our continuous strategic collaboration with renowned sports associations and athletes helped lift the LI-NING brand to a new level.
Last year brought the Company s five year strategy from 2004-2008 to a successful close. In the last five years, we witnessed the increasing purchasing power of the Chinese consumers as well as the changing cultural sense of sport, both of which have brought great opportunities for the Group, as well as the dual competitive pressure from both international and local brands.
In pursuit of our long-term target, we have all along been choosing to adopt a model with strategic orientation and capability growth as the foundation. This model has helped us make remarkable achievements in branding, supply chain, distribution network and product research and development. We have invested continually in sports marketing, focusing on the development of footwear products as well as strengthening our product design and research and development, and building rich sports marketing resources in order to increase recognition for the LI-NING brand. Considerable resources have been committed to this process, and the results show that we have chosen the right strategy for the Group s long-term development which has facilitated us to obtain a great balance between financial return and capacity building. This has also enabled us to achieve steady growth while winning the confidence of the industry as well as our partners and investors.
We also faced and tackled many challenges during 2008. During the Chinese New Year in February, certain regions of the country were brought to a standstill by the severe snowstorms. A few months later, Sichuan province was devastated by the earthquake killing tens of thousands and leaving millions homeless. Meanwhile, the global financial crisis continues to affect the world economy including China. Despite all these, we managed to achieve good results by leveraging the Group s 
Continued Financial Success For the year ended 31 December 2008, the Group s revenue increased by 53.8% to RMB6,690.1 million. Profit attributable to equity holders increased by 52.3% to RMB721.3 million. Basic earnings per share increased by 51.9% to RMB69.63 cents. The Board has recommended payment of a final dividend of RMB11.14 cents per Share.

Branding for the Future In 2008, the Group s marketing and brand promotion led the LI-NING brand to a new level. The implementation of integrated marketing strategies for the Beijing Olympics was a great success and immensely strengthened the connection between the LI-NING brand and our consumers, while the products we sponsored for the various national teams during the Games also garnered high and professional recognition.
The Group has continued to be active in building its brand recognition internationally. The various national teams we sponsored helped the LI-NING brand attract a high degree of international recognition. With China opening itself to the world, the Chinese sports brand has also won a seat on the Bejing Olympics stage for its outstanding performance. During the year, we have continued our official tennis partnership with the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP), as well as our close collaboration with renowned National Basketball Association (NBA) star Shaquille O Neal for the co-branded LI-NING- SHAQ basketball products. In November 2008, the Group signed Baron Davis, a point guard featured in the NBA All-Star team, who will wear the brand new tailor-made LI-NING branded basketball shoes during the NBA season.
In our on-going efforts to cater to different market opportunities, the Group continued its multi-brand business development strategy. In 2008, through completing the acquisition of Double Happiness and entering into a 20-year license agreement with Lotto, our multi-brand portfolio is further enriched.
Expansion of Distribution Network and Improvement of Research and 
Throughout the year, the Group continuously expanded its distribution network, particularly in second- and third-tier cities, which show the greatest growth potential in China. As of the end of 2008, there were 6,245 LI-NING brand retail stores in China, 76.2% of which were located in second- and third-tier cities.
Meanwhile, our improvement in product design has made an enormous contribution to same store sales growth during the year. The Group also launched fifth generation stores, which introduced a stylish ambiance highlighting professional sports and oriental elements.
We put further emphasis into building our existing research and development capability. In March 2008, the Group announced its cooperation with Michelin for the development of sports footwear products and we continued to apply our patented technology, the LI-NING BOW Ng[_ anti-shock technology, to our footwear products during the year.
Improving Supply Chain Management for Long-term Growth Through our ongoing efforts to enhance the supply chain management, our cash turnover ratios have been greatly improved.
Our supply chain has gradually shifted from a passive to an active mode with special emphasis on enhancing production flexibility to cope with uncertainties. With more challenges ahead, we need to continually improve and adjust the supply chain management to match the ever-changing retail environment.
Maintaining Trust and High Transparency As a listed company with continuous growth, we have made remarkable achievements in capital market performance, governance structure of the Board and investor relations.

The Group has always been praised for its efforts in maintaining good corporate governance and transparency. The Company was ranked as one of the best companies in China in The Asset Corporate Governance Awards 2008 held by The Asset Magazine. The Company is committed to improve its corporate governance as we move forward in order to ensure long-term healthy development of the Group.
Well Poised for the Challenges Ahead Beginning in the latter half of 2008, the global financial crisis started to hit China s economy, especially in certain manufacturing sectors and those cities with a more open economy. The structural shifts in the economy will have a further impact on the business environment in a number of ways. Looking forward to 2009, as the effectiveness of various rescue measures introduced by the developed countries remains to be seen, the risk of plunging the global economy into a deeper recession is increasing. The risk of a broader scale impact on China s economy still exists. Meanwhile, the China Government has announced a spate of stimulus packages which we believe would help boost China s economy.
In view of rising unemployment and deteriorating consumer sentiment, the business environment will be tough and volatile in 2009.
The retail sector is expected to encounter significant challenges. Indeed we have already witnessed a worsening consumer sentiment in certain sectors, and aggressive discounting in the marketplace. In addition, in the post-Olympic period, particularly with the slowing economy, only the stronger brands can survive the industry consolidation, and we expect competition to be even more 
The management is fully aware of the uncertainties surrounding the macroeconomic environment and is taking steps to manage risk effectively. We have implemented stringent cost control measures and tailored various budget scenarios to contend with different market and economic conditions.
The Group believes the driving fundamentals of the sports goods industry in China in the mid to long term remain robust. We are optimistic that we will weather the storm and come out of the recession a much stronger organization. Our research and analysis shows that China s sports good industry will continue to enjoy a golden era in the next five to ten years and the Group intends to embrace this opportunity and to continually improve our core competencies in order to consolidate and enhance our position as a leading sports brand in China.
To achieve this, we will strive to further increase our market share, adjust our product mix, maintain product innovation, execute our integrated marketing strategy and further improve the supply chain management to enhance efficiency by leveraging the unique positioning of the LI-NING brand. We also plan to tap into more market segments by implementing the multi-product lines and multi-brand strategy and to further engage the indoor sports market so as to enhance the competitiveness of the LI-NING brand.
Finally, I would like to thank each and every staff and business partner for contributing to the success of the Group during 2008.
This was a period in which we all made concerted efforts to show perseverance in the face of adversity, which builds a strong base for the Group s long-term success.

Hong Kong, 18 March 2009 