Chairman s Statement 
To all shareholders: I am pleased to present the audited consolidated results of Great Wall Motor Company Limited (the Company or Great Wall Motor ) and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2009 ( the Year ).
For the year ended 31 December 2009, the Group continued to record a satisfactory growth in its operating results with the revenue and profi t attributable to owners of the parent amounting to RMB12,396,387,000 and RMB1,022,553,000 respectively, representing increases of 51.0% and 99.3% respectively over those of 2008.
Despite the infl uence of the global fi nancial crisis and economic downturn, the PRC economy in 2009 saw a quick rebound benefi ting from a series of economic stimulus measures implemented by the PRC government. In 2009, the production and sales volume of the PRC automobiles outnumbered that of the US, making the PRC the world s largest automobile market. During the Year, the automobile production and sales volume reached 13,791,000 units and 13,644,800 units respectively. Export sales remained at a relatively low level, as the overseas markets were struck by the fi nancial crisis. However, the situation began to improve when compared with that in the second half of 2008. With the recovery of the global economy, the export market will gradually pick up.
With respect to sedans, the Company continued to focus on the research and development of small displacement automobiles, with the aim to meet the State s requirements for environmental protection. During the Year, the Group launched two small displacement sedans, Coolbear and Phenom. Sales volume of these two models are in line with our expectations and they have built up a good reputation in the sedan market.

Changes in the business environment have intensifi ed competition in the PRC automobile market, fostering the continuous improvement in the performance and quality of automobiles. In terms of domestic market segments, Great Wall Motor s pick-up trucks have dominated the pick-up truck market while its SUVs maintained the largest share of the market for self-owned brand. As a newcomer to the sedan market, the Group exposed to plenty of opportunities for its development with the support of the State s policies. On the front of product development, Great Wall Motor has complied with the European Union ( EU ) standards. The Group obtained the European Community Whole Vehicle Type Approval for four automobile models in 2009. With such international recognition of its brand, the Group will be able to achieve steady growth in export sales.
2010 will be a year of challenges and opportunities. Against the changing market, the Group will further adjust and optimise its product mix. It will also strive to enhance its competitiveness in the industry in order to meet the growing demand in the domestic and overseas markets driven by the global economic recovery. In addition, the Group will maintain a sound fi nancial position. The Group is committed to taking a great leap forward in the coming year.
On behalf of Great Wall Motor, the management would like to express their gratitude to the staff, shareholders, investors and customers for their continuous support and trust in the Group. Committing to our motto of improving little by little every day , we adopt a refi ned management approach and strive to bring maximum returns to our 
Wei Jian Jun 
Baoding, Hebei Province, the PRC 26 March 2010 