Chairman s Statement 
To all shareholders: I am pleased to present the audited consolidated results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2015 (the 
In 2015, China s economy was severely hit and challenged and experienced increasing downward pressure. Facing the complex situation, the PRC government had adhered to the work guidance of making progress while maintaining stability by implementing a series of policies to stabilize growth, to push ahead with economic restructuring and reforms, and to improve people s livelihood. As a result, the national economic growth was maintained at a reasonable range, with a 6.9% GDP growth for 2015.
According to the statistics from China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, the production and sales volume of automobiles in the PRC in 2015 hit a new record high and remained the world s highest for the seventh consecutive year. Passenger vehicles remained the major driving force for the growth of automobile industry.
During the Year, the Group s production and sales volume amounted to 860,000 units and 850,000 units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.07% and 15.45% respectively, which continued to surpass the industry growth rate. The Group achieved a total operating revenue of RMB 76,033,000,000, and net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company of RMB 8,059,000,000. The Group has sustained a relatively high level of profitability when compared with that of the industry.
In 2015, China s macro economy was under downward pressure and the automobile industry experienced slowdown in growth. Against this backdrop, the Company stimulated growth in overall sales through constant launch of new products, adopting proactive marketing strategies, and continued improvement in after-sales services. As a result, the Group set a new record in automobile sales volume at 850,000 units, achieving its annual sales target for the Year.
Great Wall Motor continued to display extraordinary performance in the SUV market, especially its key models, which achieved outstanding success. During the Year, the sales volume of Haval H6 reached 380,000 units, ranking the first in terms of monthly sales volume for 33 months since its debut, and setting a world record high in sales volume for a single SUV model within an individual market segment. Haval H2, launched in 2014, continued to achieve exceptional results, ranking top ten in sales volume among all SUV models during the Year. The Group s high-end automobile models, Haval H8 and Haval H9, boasted superb performance and quality. The Group will continue to improve its models to increase sales volume.
During the Year, the Group further enhanced its production capacity to meet the needs for growth of the Company s sales. Following the inauguration of Haval Technology Centre during the Year, the Company s technological development and testing capability improved. The Group has now set up a technology research and development centre in Japan, and additional research centres will be established in other overseas countries in the future so as to achieve globalisation of research and development. With regard to sales, the Group continued to implement decisive measures to further enhance its sales service. The Company was awarded the first prize in 2015 China Automobile Customer Satisfactory Index for its sales service under self-owned brand category, and its Haval brand ranked the first in China Auto Dealer Satisfaction Survey held by All-China Federation of Industry & Commerce in 2015.
2016 will be a year full of challenges and opportunities. In view of the slowdown in macroeconomic growth, more intensified competition in the automobile market, as well as the implementation of the PRC economic policies, the performance of the automobile industry will be affected. However, consumption structure upgrade and first-time car buyers replacement demand will support the SUV segment to maintain a relatively high growth rate. In addition, the preferential policy on purchase tax launched in 2015 will continue to help the automobile industry achieve stable growth. The Group will focus on strengthening the development of SUV models, enriching its product line, and further improvement in product quality, in order to maintain SUV competitiveness. Meanwhile, the Group will also develop new energy products so as to meet customers needs.

Last but not least, the Group will adhere to its mission to develop self-owned brand products, while continuing to make constant improvement in product quality, providing customers with premium products and services, actively assuming social responsibilities, and making more contribution to customers, shareholders and society. On behalf of Great Wall Motor, I would like to express our heartfelt thanks to all the staff, shareholders, investors, suppliers and customers for their continuous support to and trust in the Group.
Wei Jian Jun 
Baoding, Hebei Province, the PRC 24 March 2016 