Chairman s Statement 
To all shareholders: I am pleased to present the audited consolidated results of Great Wall Motor Company Limited (the Company or Great Wall Motor ) and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2008 (the Year ).
For the year ended 31 December 2008, the Group s operating results continued to attain satisfactory growth, with revenue amounting to RMB8,210,581,000, representing an increase of 8.3% from that of the previous year.
Profi t attributable to equity holders of the parent dropped by 45.3% to RMB513,143,000.
In the second half of 2008, the global economy slowed down signifi cantly, affecting the demand for automobiles in the PRC, despite the measures taken by the PRC government to stimulate domestic demand. Against such a background, the volume of production, sales and export of automobiles and export of automotive components and parts still maintained a mild growth during the Year.
To adapt to market changes, Great Wall Motor will carry on its research and development ( R&D ) of low displacement automobiles and will focus on international markets for sedans to achieve global profi le for its automobiles. During the Year, the Group launched GW Peri , which became a new profi t growth driver and successfully established a reputation for the Group for PRC-made stylish and unique compact automobiles in the car industry. The debut of GW Peri also marked a signifi cant advancement in Great Wall Motor s sedan 
In the PRC automobile market, competition between domestic self-owned brands and international brands has been keen. Such has motivated Great Wall Motor to make constant advancement in its R&D capability. The Group s expertise in pick-up trucks not only underpins its leadership in the PRC market, but has also begun to attract international attention. This is a milestone in the development of PRC self-owned brands, and suggests the time has come for PRC self-owned brands having an important role on the international stage.
The Group will strive to upgrade its product quality by persevering with the enhancement of its operational and technology development as well as R&D capability.

2009 will be a year of challenges. The Group believes it will ride out the storm with its fl exibility to adapt to changes and stable fi nancial position, which have enabled the Group to maintain satisfactory growth for over 10 successive years. With a strong fi nancial position, the Group is highly resistant against risks.
On behalf of Great Wall Motor, the management would like to express their gratitude to the staff, shareholders, investors and customers for their continuous support to the Group in the past. Committing to our motto of improving little by little every day , we strive to bring the maximum returns to our shareholders.
Wei Jian Jun 
Baoding, Hebei Province, the PRC 17 April 2009 