Chairman s Statement 
To all shareholders: I am pleased to present the audited consolidated results of Great Wall Motor Company Limited (the Company or Great Wall Motor ) and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2010 ( the Year ).
For the year ended 31 December 2010, the Group continued to record a satisfactory growth in its operating results with the revenue and profi t for the year attributable to owners of the company amounting to RMB22,174,985,000 and RMB2,698,077,000 respectively, representing increases of 78.9% and 163.9% respectively over those of 2009.
Recovery of the world economy, in particular the PRC economy, regained momentum during the Year. The PRC government implemented a series of economic stimulus policies during the Year and achieved steady economic growth. In 2010, the automobile production and sales volume in the PRC ranked fi rst among the world. During the Year, the automobile production and sales volume reached 18,264,667 units and 18,061,936 units respectively. The continuous growth of the overseas market, coupled with the commencement of operation of overseas assembly plants by the dealers of the Company led to a signifi cant increase in the export volume. In 2011, in addition to consolidating sales in the existing markets, the Company will expand the scale of its sales in automobiles in the emerging markets and speed up the construction of overseas assembly plants. The export market is expected to pick up as economies of other countries gradually improved.
The Company s principal products are SUVs, sedans and pick-up trucks. It also focuses on the research and development of small displacement passenger vehicles which are in line with the government policy and a change in the consumption mindset. During the Year, the Group launched the fi rst model of 3-compartment sedan Voleex C30 and achieved remarkable results which are attributable to its premium quality, trendy outlook and the market recognition of the quality of the Company s sedans. Haval M2 , a small model of the M-series SUV, and Haval H5 European style and Haval H5 Technology Style were launched during the Year. Sales performance of SUVs was satisfactory during the Year.

In the face of intensifying market competition, the Company emphasized on enhancing performance and quality of its products, developing a star-type car model, consolidating and gradually expanding its market shares. In terms of the domestic market segments, Great Wall Motor s pick-up trucks have all along been in a leading position in the pick-up truck market. For the SUV market, the SUV products of the Company include H-series and M-series SUVs which cover the small and medium-sized SUV market and have maintained the largest market shares among different brands in the market. The Company has adjusted its strategies to strengthen its promotion of star-type sedan model, which resulted in a signifi cant increase in its sales volume and contributed to the growth in the performance of the Company during the Year. On the front of product development, the Company has complied with the European Union ( EU ) standards in developing new car model. Pick-up trucks, SUVs and sedans are exported overseas. The export volume is expected to continue to increase upon completion of the CKD assembly plant construction.
2011 will be a year of challenges and opportunities. Against the changing market, the Group will further adjust and optimise its product mix. It will also strive to enhance its competitiveness in the industry in order to meet the growing demand in the domestic and overseas markets driven by the global economic recovery. In addition, the Group will maintain a sound and steady fi nancial position. The Group is committed to taking a great leap forward in the coming 
On behalf of Great Wall Motor, the management would like to express their gratitude to the staff, shareholders, investors and customers for their continuous support and trust in the Group. Committing to our motto of improving little by little every day , we adopt a refi ned management approach and strive to create maximum returns for our 
Wei Jian Jun 
Baoding, Hebei Province, the PRC 15 March 2011 