Chairman s Statement 
To all shareholders: I am pleased to present the audited consolidated results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2014.
During the Year, the Group sold a total of 730,000 units. SUV, in particular, displayed a satisfactory performance, with a sales volume of 520,000 units, representing a 24.48% year-on-year increase. Due to changes in the market environment and adjustment in the Company s strategy, sales volume of pick-up trucks during the Year remained stable, while that of sedans decreased slightly. As the Company adjusted its product mix, the proportion of SUV sales increased gradually, driving growth in the Group s operating revenue to RMB62,590,772,604.67, and net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company to RMB8,041,535,517.60.
Amid a complex and volatile international economic environment during the Year, the PRC s economic growth slowed down, with a 7.4% year-on-year GDP growth in 2014, which dropped slightly from that of 2013. According to the statistics from China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, the production and sales volume of automobiles in the PRC in 2014 saw a steady growth of 7.26% and 6.86% year-on-year to 23,722,900 units and 23,491,900 units respectively, which hit a world record high and remained as the world s highest for the sixth consecutive year.

With an operating principle of Focus on Quality, Reform Research and Development, Strengthen Operation and a steadfast philosophy of quality operation, the Group continued to focus on product quality enhancement. During the Year, the Group launched key SUV models including Haval H2, Haval H1 and Haval H9, driving continual and steady growth in the total sales volume of SUV. The Group launched Haval H2 and its e-shopping site Haval Mall simultaneously. Haval Mall is designed to provide customized services so as to meet customers personalized needs.
Haval H1 launched during the Year is a professional compact SUV model that has been well received by customers.
Its monthly sales volume exceeded 6,000 units in the month of its launch. Haval H9 launched during the Year is the Group s first off-road SUV model sold for more than RMB200,000. It has received positive feedback from experts and customers since its launch. The launch of various SUV models satisfied different customers needs, and further expanded the Group s SUV product line, thereby increasing the Group s comprehensive competitive edge. The Group will continue to launch more SUV models in 2015 to further enrich the Group s product lines.
The growth rate of SUV in the domestic market was significantly higher than that of other categories. However, as automobile companies all launched SUV models, market competition was further intensified. Spurred by its belief of Focus, Dedication, Specialization , the Group will invest more in research and development, production and sales to achieve constant improvement in the Group s product quality and brand influence.
With respect to pick-up trucks, the Group has been maintaining a leading market position. In accordance with market needs, the Group will launch facelift models and successive models of existing models in due course, so as to maintain its dominant position in the pick-up truck sector.
In respect of sedans, the Group will increase sedan s added value through facelifting and upgrading existing models.
In addition, as the government pushes forward the development plan for the new energy automobile industry, the development of new energy automobile industry will further speed up. The Group will enlarge its market share of traditional automobiles, while increasing investment in research and development of new energy automobiles, as well as launching its own new energy model at the right opportunity, with an aim to creating a new source of profit growth for the Group.
The Group will concentrate on both product and service quality to develop products that will satisfy and create surprises for customers. This will enable the Group to achieve steady growth in business, thereby increasing shareholder value. On behalf of Great Wall Motor, I would like to express our heartfelt thanks to all the staff, shareholders, investors, suppliers and customers for their continuous support to and trust in the Group.
Wei Jian Jun 
Baoding, Hebei Province, the PRC 20 March 2015 