Chairman s Statement 
To all shareholders: I am pleased to present the audited consolidated results of Great Wall Motor Company Limited (the Company or Great Wall Motor ) and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2007 
The Group s operating results continued to attain a satisfactory growth, with revenue and profi t after tax attributable to equity holders of the parent for the year ended 31 December 2007 amounting to RMB7,579,356,000 and RMB937,451,000 respectively, representing increases of 54.1% and 33.3% from those of the previous year.
During the Year, the continued rapid economic growth in the People s Republic of China ( PRC ), improved living standards, strengthened domestic consumer sentiment and consumer needs all contributed to a stronger demand for automobiles, fuelling the 
upbeat development of the automobile industry. The production and sales volume of domestic automobiles sustained rapid growth, and the export of automobiles and automotive components also witnessed a stable 
With a strong brand recognition and continued product upgrading, this year saw steady growth in the sales volume of its pick-up trucks and SUVs, both of which had maintained a leading position in their respective domestic market segments. The total sales volume of automobiles during the year was 107,820 units, representing an increase of 46.5% when compared with that of the previous year. In addition, the Group also continued to expand its overseas markets with the number of export countries and regions increasing from 105 in 2006 to 118 in 2007. The Group exported an aggregate of 46,338 units, representing an increase of 68.5% from that of last year, with total export amounting to RMB3,046,111,000, accounting for approximately 40.2% of the total sales for the Year.

During the Year, the launch of three sedans with low engine displacement Great Wall Perey, Coolbear and Florid, as well as Cowry MPV signifi ed the Group s entry into the sedan market. In addition, the Group also developed a high-end right-hand drive pick- up truck, Wingle, for international markets. With the certifi cation from VCA in the UK, Wingle has been recognised as a model meeting the Euro standards, and has commenced volume export.
Great Wall Motor s passenger vehicle production plant with an annual production capacity of 200,000 units has been operational since 29 October 2007.
On 7 November, the Group obtained the approval of National Development and Reform Commission for its sedan project, which signifi ed Great Wall Motor s successful penetration into the sedan market.
The year 2008 is going to be a year of opportunities and challenges. Beijing s hosting of the 2008 Olympic 
Games will facilitate overseas customers awareness and understanding of the Great Wall brand name.
The Group will capitalise on this opportunity to demonstrate its excellent products to the global market. In this regard, the year 2008 will certainly be a year of rapid growth for Great Wall Motor.
On behalf of Great Wall Motor, the management would like to express their gratitude to the staff, shareholders, investors and customers for their continuous support to the Group in the past.
Committing to our motto of improving little by little every day , we strive to bring the maximum returns to 
Wei Jian Jun 
Baoding, Hebei Province, the PRC 11 March 2008 
