Chairman s Statement 
To all shareholders: I am pleased to present the audited consolidated results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2013.
Benefi ting from increased sales and higher profi ts driven by outstanding sales performance of SUVs, the Group achieved satisfactory growth in its operating results for the Year. Operating revenue and net profi t attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB56,784,314,344.30 and RMB8,223,648,390.71 respectively, representing increases of 31.57% and 44.47% respectively from those of 2012.
During the Year, the domestic automobile industry maintained steady growth with the support of the central government in the PRC by implementing policies to provide subsidies for energy-saving vehicles, as well as gradual recovery of the global economy and the steady growth in the domestic economy. According to the statistics from China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, the PRC s automobile sales volume in 2013 remained as the world s highest for the fi fth consecutive year. The production and sales volume of automobiles in the PRC grew 14.8% and 13.9% respectively to approximately 22,116,800 units and 21,984,100 units in the Year. The automobile sales volume of the Group reached 770,619 units, representing an increase of 24.01% from that of 2012, which was much higher than the growth rate of the automobile industry.
Strategically, the Group focuses on three major categories: pick-up trucks, SUVs and sedans, with an aim to maintaining competitive advantage of pick-up trucks in the market, consolidating the leading market position of SUVs, and expediting the growth of the sedan business. During the Year, the Group increased investment in key models such as Haval H6, Great Wall M4, Great Wall C30, Great Wall C50, Wingle, etc., resulting in continued steady growth in its overall sales volume. Following the launch of Haval H6, the Group is now preparing for the introduction 
of two stylish SUV models with high price-performance this year the much anticipated Haval H8 and Haval H2. Haval H8 is the Group s fi rst super luxurious SUV model targeting the mid to high-end market after Haval has become an independent brand. On the other hand, Haval H2 provides the perfect combination of performance and fuel economy and is expected to become one of the Group s business growth drivers in 2014.
Market competition will be further intensifi ed as domestic self-owned brands keep rolling out more new products.
The Group will continue to focus on the research and development of products and technology to further improve its product quality, thereby enhancing the Company s brand image. For pick-up trucks, the Company will strengthen its dominant market position by launching new models and improving the performance of pick-up trucks.
At the same time, the spin-off of Haval from the Group s SUV category as a stand-alone brand last year signifi ed that the product quality of Great Wall Motor has reached a new level. The Group will continue to increase investment in the research and development of SUVs and also step up its SUV marketing efforts to enlarge its market share and strengthen its leading position in the self-owned brand market.
For sedans, the Group will continue to focus on the market of class A privately owned sedans through developing new models, replacing old models and enhancing energy saving and environmental-friendly applications to expand its customer base, strengthen the competitive edge of its products and increase its market share gradually.
In addition, with the implementation of the new energy vehicle industry development plan by the central government of the PRC, as well as the constant improvement in related public ancillary facilities, the market expects the development pace of the new energy vehicle industry will accelerate. The Group will strengthen its research and development capabilities in automobiles and automotive parts and components, and will conduct research and development of new energy automobiles according to stringent product development procedures.
As the PRC continues to be under increasing pressure with respect to energy, transport and air quality, China Association of Automobile Manufacturers predicted earlier that the number of cities in the PRC introducing car purchase restrictions may increase. Meanwhile, according to some market analysis reports, the domestic automobile industry has entered a slow growth period, and there might be adjustment in the domestic automobile production and sales volume in 2014. Nonetheless, the Group will continue to optimize its product mix, improve product quality to enhance its brand image, as well as enlarge its product range. Moreover, the Group will enhance the quality and production effi ciency of its automotive products through in-house research and development and the application of the advanced technology. The Group will also improve the quality of its after-sales services to increase customers satisfaction, so as to strengthen the market dominance of its various products.
The Group will continue to uphold its management philosophy of business excellence and to improve its brand image to achieve the steady growth, and will strive to deliver better returns to its shareholders. On behalf of Great Wall Motor, the management of the Company would like to express their heartfelt thanks to all the staff, shareholders, investors and customers for their continuous support to and trust in the Group.
Wei Jian Jun 
Baoding, Hebei Province, the PRC 21 March 2014 