Chairman s Statement 
Mr. LI Ning Executive Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer 
Since its inception in 1990, LI-NING brand has gone through ups and downs over 25 years. As 2015 marked the 25th anniversary of the Company, we chose Anything is possible as our slogan which manifests our brand s DNA tenacity derived from sports. The catchword also stands for our staff s power of imagination breaking through into new frontiers and prowess and perseverance which help us reach our goals and even go further. Meanwhile, 2015 marked a step up in the Company s growth phase. During the year, with the support and unremitting efforts given by our staff and the measures in place, our operating indicators were seen with remarkable improvement and in turn enabled the Group to return to profitability as targeted.
During the course of business development, we started to gain insight on the change of consumption pattern and lifestyle of the contemporary consumers as well as their implicitly changing value and recognition to the services offered by commercial organizations. As a result, creation of experience became our important strategy in 2015. During the year, our pioneer products, particular by our key products launched as smart product with the use of e-commerce on- line and offline, gained wide recognition in the market and tap new vista for its prospective growth.
Returning to profitability 2015 marked a step up in the Company s growth phase.
During the year, we remained steadfast on our three pillars strategy with the focus placed on our products, channels and retail capability concentrating on five core categories, namely basketball, running, badminton, training and sports lifes products, thereby driving our revenue up.
At the same time, a better balance was witnessed in the business development, evidenced by the re-expansion of sales network and significant improvement in working capital.
These achievements laid a solid foundation for the path of development for the Company: 
Returning to profitability as targeted. The group achieved profitability and positive operating cash flow for the first time since 2011. During the year, revenue grew by 17% while profit attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to RMB14 million. Operating cash flow increased to RMB687 million. Meanwhile, working capital improved significantly with cash conversion cycle shortened.
Gross inventory (before provision and excluding Double Happiness) declined by 20% notwithstanding net addition of 313 direct Point-of-Sales (POS); A more balanced business development. In 2015, the Company s retail, wholesale and e-commerce businesses all recorded double-digit revenue growth. Same Store Sales Growth (SSSG) for overall platform recorded low- single-digit and high-single-digit growth for Q4 and full year respectively and maintained positive SSSG for overall platform in all four quarters throughout the year.
Confidence of distributors and our status restored. Up to Q3 in 2016, the tag price of trade fair orders from distributors registered a year-on-year growth for nine consecutive quarters. There was a substantial increase in the income weighting of the e-commerce channel, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 
Expansion in POS resumed with a net increase of 507 to 6,133 POS by the end of 2015, among which, distributors POS resumed expansion for the first time since 2011 and recorded a net increase of 194 POS.
The introduction of Internet+ concept presented a new breakthrough for the Company s business model.
Leveraging the characteristic of communication and sharing, the Company focused on its online and offline models with the combination of the advantageous professional sports functionality, enhancing cohesion and experience for the sports group and in turn reinforcing the intrinsic value of the brand. During the year, the Company took advantage of e-commerce platforms to roll out Furious Rider (p), Rouge Rabbit (dTQ), Wade, CBA championship basketball shoes and cross- sector products like Marvel products, gaining good recognition in the market and gave a testimony to the Company s pursuit of experience value.

A Year for growth and fostering new experience for users In 2015, through upgrading of products, purchase and sports experiences, the Company fostered unique experience value in all dimensions for consumers and continued to build up the core competitiveness of its brand.
On the purchase experience front, we adopted a clearer brand strategy and kept on exploring e-commerce business platforms. We utilized the influence of our sports resources on the market with reasonable approach to help enhance shopping experience. To more precisely accommodate the consumers, we categorized our existing sports life products in a more detailed manner and developed new well-matched channel image to foster interactive experience, flexibly and effectively executed the display guidelines, emphasized the theme and rendered a whole new shopping experience. The LI- NING brand products serves as our professional sports products which target at the traditional sports users who are familiar with the brand s sports and professional attributes; The newly launched blue label was positioned to be a lower-pricing fast fashion brand with sports and leisure features, and cater for the sports elements demanded by the general public; LNG s target group is the urban and fashionable white collar in the business world. It establishes itself as a new sporty and stylish brand that finds its place in the core business districts of metropolis and first-tier cities. The LNG brand is wholly designed and created by the Korean designer team. During the year, the Company pioneered the product sales online and offline with certain products put into trial through e-commerce platforms. For example, the two smart running shoes for which we collaborated with Huami Inc., which form part of the Xiaomi ecosystem, were launched in an innovative online and offline shopping mode; sales and marketing of the public edition of Rouge Rabbit (dTQ) and premium edition of Furious Rider (p) mainly relied on the Internet and the sales volume of the two smart shoes amounted to approximately 300,000 in aggregate in 2015.
During the year, the influence of our sports resources on the market remained to be our focus. As for professional sports products, we strived to step up consumers expectation and shopping experience through lining up our sports resources with our stores and the release of activities for newly-launched products: Product experience remained to be a key part of our tasks, by which we hold firm of our philosophy of making professional products more professional and matching our products well with lifestyle and reinforce the product attributes. On professional sports product level, we kept 
our eyes on the functionalities and comfortability of our products which facilitate better sports performance for sports players; on the leisure level, we considered the spending power of consumers and the business circle where they are in and launched fashionable sportswear in different POS with differentiation. Meanwhile, we emphasized on the interactive on-store product experience and sharing of consumers through our active promotion of the setup of Running Corners in Flagship Stores, the LI-NING iRun Club and LI-NING running product specialty shops alongside targeted product planning and assortment in support of the sales department s multi-store tactic. The Flagship Store at Wangfujing presented its new look and opened in August, in which the three-storied iRun Experience Zone offered a galaxy of facilities for professional courses, physical training, foot shape analysis, meetups of running groups and a platform for finding running partners. The store has been visited by over 10,000 runners since its 
Professionalism and tenacity derived from our sports attributes are our hardcore, providing our customers with unique sports experience and creating experience values. During the year, we continued to encourage participation of sports by sponsoring International Marathon competition in Shenzhen and LI-NING China 10K Running League and to foster and heighten the interest of spectator of competitions by sponsoring top-notch competitions abroad such as CBA, CUBA, Sudirman Cup and world championship, presenting rich sports culture to the audience when they are enjoying the competitions. Meanwhile, exploring how to use Internet platforms to render innovative sports experience was a pioneer task during the year. Xiaomi sports APP provides running with a set of exercise data including records of running route, calorie counter and foot strikes records, presenting an insight for runners on their exercise status for the betterment of their exercise scheme. Meanwhile, taking advantage of the large pool of active users of Xiaomi sports APP, the Company stepped forward for the LI-NING shoe brands in terms of social and interactive experience by providing social interactive activities such as professional training scheme, buddy-monitored exercise challenge, mile earning schemes, etc. All these display the linkages and cohesion produced among runners, friends and people by LI- NING smart shoes. During the year, the Company also continued to strengthen and expand LI-NING China 10K Running League and jointly hosted LI-NING 10K Online Running League; besides, the Frequency of Stride Challenge (ek;c0b) activity hosted by us via Sina 
Weibo in December, with the application of frequency of stride counting function embedded in our smart shoes, registered 10 million views and shares and attracted 
We paid our efforts to users experience and positive interaction and improvement as a new anchor for the development strategy for our business in the future. On top of our products, channels and retailing capacities complemented with special user experience, we build up a unique core competitiveness to stay above the fray at the endogenous yet vicious competition landscape.
Paving the path of LI-NING value As we are living in an era with the use of mobile devices and the Internet, not only our minds and consumption patterns are undergoing profound changes, but people s perceived values towards the commercial organization rendering services are shifting. Meanwhile, the initiative to lead an eco-friendly life deeply implants the idea of pursuing a healthy life into the hearts of people. As a result, customers participation and passion for sports are swelling while the trend towards sport is gaining momentum, representing a huge room for development of the industry in the future.
Adopting the digital strategy and building up a digital platform, the Company s core strategy from 2016 to 2018 will be to integrate our brands with sports projects, create user experience in sports, build the value of LI-NING and fully apply the digital technologies into the whole business.
In 2016, we will focus on strengthening the following key 
The Company will continue to step up its retail capability and the weighting of new products in its existing POS in order to drive the growth of revenue and gross profit. One of its tasks focuses on the Closed Loop management of retail operation which will suit precisely the overall sales mode of products. With the achievement of Closed Loop effect from product planning to cash inflow, a virtuous circle will be created which can enhance the operating efficiency as a whole and prune operating 
On the product and channel fronts, the Company will keep up its steady pace of expansion of sales network while improving its five core categories and continue the development of Label which serves as a product to explore the low-pricing leisure sportswear market to attract younger consumers in pursuit of fashion. In 2016, 
the Company targets at achieving an net increase of 300- 500 POS and half of them will be for direct retailing; the Company will continue to foster cooperation with its channel partners, strategically penetrating into the areas with greater growth potential; The Company will strive to apply the digital strategy into the overall business to a greater extent. Leveraging a large pool of consumer data, we can conduct in-depth analysis on their consumption patterns and practices, by which we can have greater flexibility and orientation to move into the social and smart lifestyle. The goal of the Company is to achieve an increased weighting of over 20% of e-commerce business revenue in the next two to 
As a part of O2O operation mode, logistic and supply chain stability and inventory placement will be our focuses of the year. The Company has entered into strategic cooperation with JingDong, pursuant to which JingDong agreed to provide the overall logistic solution whereby it will deliver the products to the POS in order to improve inventory utilization and operation efficiency for a better overall performance; The improvement of all indicators in 2015 laid a solid foundation for the development of the Company in future while returning into profitability served as a transitional goal. For the three years ahead, we will take on the path of creating values for Li Ning Company. As the founder and operator of the Company, I always highly regard the interests of investors, and cherish their care and unremitting supports to the Company. I also wish to express my heartfelt thanks to our dedicated and industrious employees throughout the years. The management and I will spare no efforts to steer the Company forward towards further development in the future, forging a LI-NING brand full of vivacity and power of imagination in a new era. Anything is Possible! 
Executive Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer Hong Kong, 16 March 2016 