Chairman s Statement 
Mr. LI Ning 
After its 20th anniversary in 2010, the LI-NING brand embarked on a journey into its next 20 years in 2011. As in one s life, the first 20 years is a period of learning and growing when anything is possible. As we fully enter into early adulthood, we have grown to become strong and determined. Regardless of how rough the surrounding environment may be, we must resolutely set ourselves on a path to overcome all odds that lay in our way.
For the LI-NING brand and the Group, 2011 was a difficult year marked by slower industry growth, intensified competition, elevated costs and the impact of casual wear brands. While the Chinese sporting goods industry undergoes transformation, the Group also faces an array of hardships and challenges specific to its phase of corporate growth.
Through meticulous review and reflection, the Group has chosen to enhance our competitiveness through proactive reforms. We have never underestimated the challenges and potential difficulties that come with reform, but we firmly believe that determination, all-out courage, persistence and effective reform measures are vital to our success. We fully understand that this will not be a simple task and the greatest challenge of all will be to break through our previous frameworks and internal constraints that may be blocking our road to a bright and successful future.
Today, the Board and the management team share a unified view of the market conditions that the Group is facing as well as the road to reform that we need to embark upon. We must deploy all of our resources and focus on our core LI-NING brand, and reflect the inherent value of the LI-NING brand through its products, distribution channels, retail operations and brand marketing.
BRINGING BRAND STRENGTHS INTO FULL PLAY Connecting with China and sports in China is a distinct competitive edge the LI-NING brand enjoys. It also marks the most critical differentiation of the LI-NING brand from its 
Going forward we will concentrate our resources on the LI-NING brand by taking full advantage of the market transformation and deploying the optimal resources to support the brand. In 2012, we will seize the opportunity presented by the London 
Olympic Games to strengthen the China Concept and the Professional Attributes of the LI-NING brand. At the same time, we will enhance the effective communication of the brand s creativity by fully utilising current marketing resources in our marketing campaigns and sports event marketing initiatives so as to maximise the LI-NING brand s competitive edge and strengthen the brand s influence.
ENHANCING PRODUCT CAPABILITIES Brand success is built on its products. As the LI-NING brand competes in the highly-competitive mass market of consumer goods industry, persistent creative and innovative efforts are continuously required. To maintain and further sharpen the competitive advantages of LI-NING brand s products, we need to constantly reinforce the basic functionality of our products, enhance our ability to introduce product innovation as well as effectively interpret and communicate LI-NING brand s Chinese attributes and professional qualities.
In 2011, we focused considerable resources on promoting the application of the LI-NING brand product technology platform.
We also continued our relentless efforts in propelling and deepening product design and research and development, creating innovative products, such as the new generation of LI- NING BOW cushioning running shoes (eNNNg[_n), the 8th generation of LI-NING ultralight running shoes (Ng[ 8N), LI-NING ARC anti-shock running shoes (Ng[['_n ), the new LI-NING MIX urban-sports shoes, and the AT Technology used in apparel products. These efforts are aimed at creating products that better suit consumers needs with brand- specific characteristics. At the same time, the LI-NING brand continued to provide top-notched sports gear to many domestic and international top athletes, sports teams and sports events, promoting the professional image of the LI-NING brand.
DRIVING REFORM OF DISTRIBUTION 
One of the priorities in the LI-NING brand reform is to overhaul the distribution channel structure and enhance retail efficiency in distribution channels. During the year, we proactively integrated less efficient sub-distributors, developed a more effective store structure and established clearance channels to speed up product lifecycles and improve inventory levels.

Going forward we will continue infusing our channel policies and resources into sub-distributors to bolster their channel expansion, retail operating capabilities and business scale. Together with our sales partners, we are dedicated to creating a highly efficient business environment with healthy profitability through this 
IMPROVING ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE In view of the ongoing transformation of China s sporting goods industry and the Group s current course to pursue proactive reforms, adjustments made to the organisation and human resources are necessary in order to achieve the Group s goals in reforms and strategic execution. The Company is committed to sharpening its focus on the core business by optimising its organisational structure and enhancing its operational efficiency.
We will also optimise the Group s human resources management and strengthen its performance-oriented and results-oriented corporate culture. In addition, the Group will utilise more effective measures to identify and motivate talents, allowing employees to flourish and dedicate themselves towards achieving our common 
The Group has an excellent talent pool and positive experience in organisational reform. The Board has confidence in the capability of the current management team in maintaining the stability of the business operations. The management team will continue to focus on the implementation of the Group s development strategy and effectiveness of strategic execution so as to lay a solid foundation for the Group to achieve its long-term vision.

In January 2012, the Group introduced TPG ASIA, Inc. ( TPG ), a world-leading private equity investment company, and the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation Pte. Ltd.
( GIC ) through the issue of convertible bonds in an aggregate amount of RMB750 million. The new funding will not only bring the Group more flexibility in executing its development strategies, but will also enable us to benefit from TPG s and GIC s experience in branding, retailing and products, which is important for the Group to explore its growth potential.

As the founder of the Company, it has always been my goal to develop LI-NING from a homegrown brand to a world-class brand and, at the same time, to lead the Group s transformation into a corporation of international standard. In 1990, when the LI-NING brand was first established, our aim to be China s New Generation of Hope (-N WeNNvgg) was reflected in our slogan. From the beginnings of China s newly-industrialised market, thanks to the uncompromising and dedicated works of the LI-NING team, a national symbol of Chinese sports brand arose and soared into the global sports arena. For the past 21 years, the LI-NING team has never lost sight of its tenet that Anything is Possible as it attained innumerable achievements and accomplishments that filled not only the Group itself, but the entire sporting goods industry in China, with tremendous pride. In those 21 years, the LI-NING team has faced challenge after challenge and struggled through a variety of trials; yet time and again, the LI-NING team has proved that as we meet these obstacles, we will rise above them with uncompromising courage and dedication in order to continue on our distinguished journey, one in which I am confident we are destined to succeed.
I would like to thank the Shareholders for their support, the professional leadership of our management team and the dedicated contribution of our staff members in supporting the Group through the difficulties in 2011. Let s stand united as we proactively adjust our course and take on the challenges that lie ahead. Together we can Make the Change ! 
29 March 2012 