Chairman s Statement 
Mr. LI Ning 
Against the backdrop of a slow recovery in the global economy last year, China maintained steady growth and continued to implement structural reforms in its transition towards a domestic consumption-driven economy. Consumer industries, including sportswear, continued to face headwinds due to macroeconomic uncertainties and the remaining overhang from industry over- expansion. However, demand in core sportswear remained strong as Chinese consumer preferences have been changing quickly, becoming more sophisticated and increasingly focused on value, quality and functionality. These shifts posed significant challenges to the existing model of commoditization by brands lacking innovation capabilities.
Firmly embedded in the China market, Li Ning Company is committed to strengthening and enriching our brand profile in the five core sports categories of basketball, running, badminton, training and sports life. However, shifting market dynamics such as new casual wear entrants, fast moving fashion trends and thriving e-commerce have put further pressure on existing business models in the domestic market. As a result, the bar has been raised significantly where only brands which 
innovate and transform will be best positioned for future growth in market share. Li Ning Company is determined to invest boldly, but wisely, to successfully transform ourselves into a leading sportswear retailer and China s champion brand.
In 2013, TPG, a private investment firm, continued to be a core investor of the Company. TPG drew upon its network to introduce resources and expertise required for our Transformation Plan, and contributed valuable insights to our business and development strategies to ensure efficient execution.
Building LI-NING into a Leading Brand through the Transformation Plan The past year marked a milestone for our group-wide transformation efforts. The Transformation Plan, initiated in 2012 when strategic investors with expertise in retail turnaround were brought in, was designed to transform LI-NING into a leading sportswear brand in China. Since then, the Group has made significant progress in creating an ecosystem of global and local talents to facilitate the industry s first and most comprehensive transformation. We engaged best-in-class partners and advisors with deep expertise in restructuring channels and building direct- retail infrastructure, as well as a world-class management team.
We established partnerships with industry leaders in materials 
and manufacturing technologies critical for premium sportswear, and hired creative talents locally and internationally in product design and development.
The solid progress that the Group made over the last year in our transformation has laid a strong foundation for the next phase of growth. We streamlined various aspects of our operations, repositioned the LI-NING brand and rationalized our sales channels and store network. At the end of our transformation efforts, we aim to build a healthy and sustainable business model based on strong engagement and cooperation with our key partners and distributors. Despite the inevitable pain on our business in the short term, we believe the Transformation Plan will stand us in good stead for a sustainable future.

The Group adhered to our vision of building a core LI-NING brand and repositioned our brand value proposition with authenticity and unique marketing assets, in order to achieve the best value- price equilibrium and capture the growing middle-class market.
We focused on the integration of sports functionality and design in our products, while enhancing the overall retail experience for LI-NING consumers. We also leveraged the increasing rate of sports participation in China and moved up the value chain by focusing on the five fastest growing sports categories, namely, basketball, running, badminton, training and sports life.
The Group continued to invest aggressively in our basketball business, covering a comprehensive spectrum of events and sponsorships. To bridge the gap with student groups, the Group sponsored all student basketball events across the country, and helped create a campus basketball era sponsored by LI-NING brand. Through active communications with student groups and integrating campus elements with product, the Group paved a clear path for future basketball marketing. At the same time, the Way of Wade series received enthusiastic feedback from basketball fans and an overall positive response from the market.
Integrating promotional campaigns in the Chinese and American markets, the products featured quality workmanship and fashion elements which spearheaded the creation of new trends in China and abroad, and enhanced the value of the LI-NING brand.
We also focused on developing professional running products with superior performance, through product and function innovations based on in-depth understanding of consumer needs. We stayed close to targeted consumers through the organization of LI-NING China 10K Running League , LI-NING FunRun and the Shenzhen Marathon which all promoted the understanding of and participation in running.
In 2013, Double Happiness continued to adopt sponsorship of sports stars and sports events as its core marketing and promotion strategy, and maintained its endorsement of outstanding table tennis players in China including Wang Hao (sv), Wang Liqin 
(sRR), Ma Long (), Ding Ning (N[) and Li Xiaoxia (Ng f) as spokespersons for its table tennis equipment. Under the 2013-2016 ITTF cooperation agreement, Double Happiness successfully completed the sponsorship and promotion of a series of professional sports events in 2013, including table tennis in the second session of the Youth Olympic Games.
In 2013, LI-NING brand continued to focus on the national badminton team, through event marketing supported by professional channel promotion and R&D expenditures on a sales-oriented basis. Capitalising on our strong sports resources and demonstrating our leadership in innovation and research, LI-NING brand established China s first top-notch racket 
By the end of 2013, we were near to completion of the first phase of our Transformation Plan in fixing the business with encouraging core trends. However, time is still needed to resolve issues with the last group of weak channel partners and the final batch of old inventory. We witnessed positive signs of success and potential of the new business model through the performance of our new products and revamped stores. We expect the final phase of transformation to require 18 to 24 more months of investment so as to complete the build out of the new operational platform and the shift towards more direct retail and self-owned stores.
Financially, while our cost structure and operating cash flow have improved significantly, this was balanced by bold investments in transforming the brand and operations. This could mean more time before the benefits of our actions today become fully reflected in our financial results.
Nevertheless, we have strong confidence in the current direction of our transformation, and our goal of building a leading brand in China that will provide stakeholders the highest value in the mid to long term. And as you can see, we have made significant progress towards achieving this goal over the past 18 months.
As the founder and Executive Chairman of Li Ning Company, I would like to express my appreciation for the continued support and trust from all our shareholders. Even though the complete transformation of our business model will take time, I am confident that through the concerted efforts of our talented staff and an experienced and professional management team, Li Ning Company will provide long-term and sustainable returns to all shareholders.

Hong Kong, 21 March 2014 