Chairman s Statement 
To all shareholders: I am pleased to present the audited consolidated results of Great Wall Motor Company Limited (the Company or Great Wall Motor ) and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2011 ( the Year ).
For the year ended 31 December 2011, the Group continued to achieve satisfactory growth in its operating results driven by increased profi ts as a result of rising sales. Revenue and profi t after tax attributable to shareholders of the parent company amounted to RMB30,089,476,665.00 and RMB3,426,195,112.78, respectively, representing year-on-year increases of 30.9% and 26.9%, respectively. Sales volume of automobiles reached 462,679 units, representing a year-on-year increase of 27.3%, which is much higher than the growth rate of 2.5% in automobile 
Indirectly driven by the steady growth of China s economy as demonstrated by its 9.2% annual GDP growth rate, China s automobile production and sales volume reached record highs in 2011. Production and sales volume of automobiles amounted to approximately 18,419,000 units and 18,505,000 units, respectively. Despite the challenges posed by the global economic volatility to the business environment in 2011, the overall performance of overseas automobile markets was good. According to the statistics of China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, China s automobile export volume reached 850,000 units during the Year, representing a year-on-year growth of 50.0%. The Company s sales performance in overseas markets was also satisfactory, with annual export volume of 79,277 units, representing a year-on-year growth of 58.7%. In addition to continued consolidation of existing markets, the Company will also step up its efforts to develop new overseas markets and make adjustment of its export approaches. These, together with the completion of construction and the commencement of operation of the Company s plant in Bulgaria in February 2012, are expected to stimulate the Company s exports in the European Union regions and enhance its brand effect.
The Company s market strategies focus on three types of products: SUVs, sedans and pick-up trucks, with an aim to maintain the competitive advantage of pick-up trucks in the market, to consolidate SUVs leading market position, and to quickly elevate the market status of sedans. During the Year, the Group launched its fi rst urban SUV Haval H6, which immediately became a much sought after model in the market for its premium quality and trendy appearance. The increase in the sales volume of Haval H6 had contributed to an enlarged total sales volume of SUVs. During the Year, the Company also launched two sedan models. One of them was a Grade A sedan 
model Voleex C50, which gained popularity in the market for its spacious interior and sleek design; another sedan model was Voleex C20R, which is a small two-compartment sedan, with a sporty and stylish look. Market response to Voleex C20R had been satisfactory. During the Year, the Company also launched improved versions of existing vehicle models, which helped boost the sales volume of existing products. With the dual effects of new product launch under domestic self-owned brands and price decline in products under brands of joint ventures, competition in the automobile market will intensify. The Company will continue with its efforts and focus on product research and development to further improve its product quality, so as to enhance the Company s brand image. For pick-up trucks, the Company will continue to focus on low-to-middle end pick-up trucks in order to consolidate its dominant market position in China. For the SUV market, the Company will promote both off-road SUV and urban SUV models, as well as step up its SUV marketing efforts to maintain its share in the self-owned brand market. For the sedan market, the Company will focus on economy sedans in order to increase the Company s infl uence in the sedan market. Furthermore, the Company is planning to strengthen its capabilities in research of vehicles and automobile parts and components, and to conduct research and development of new energy automobiles according to stringent product development procedures.
2012 will be a year of challenges and opportunities. The Group will further adjust and optimise its product portfolio and enhance product quality to accelerate sales growth. The Group will also strengthen its support for distributors, while continuing to enhance customers satisfaction and loyalty levels. In addition, the Group will maintain a sound fi nancial position, and adopt prudent development strategies, with an aim to make bigger improvements in the coming year. On behalf of Great Wall Motor, the management would like to express their gratitude to the staff, shareholders, investors and customers for their continuous support to and trust in the Group. Committing to our motto of improving little by little every day , we adopt a refi ned management approach and strive to create maximum returns for our shareholders.
Wei Jian Jun 
Baoding, Hebei Province, the PRC 16 March 2012 