Chairman s Statement 
During the past year, Chinese government introduced supportive policies on the domestic sports industry, with an aim at a positive and healthy public sports culture and harmonious community.
The deepening urbanisation in China, along with unabated public enthusiasm and increasing participation on sports, are to usher in new opportunities for the domestic sportswear industry in the long run. Domestic consumer demand is characterised by more preference to special sports functionality in the professional sports segment, as well as rapid changes in the mass market sports life segment to pursue fashion. In the context of an increasingly competitive domestic sportswear industry, an industry forerunner can only sustain its credentials, as we believe, by effectively integrating professional sports functionality with mass market consumption trends to accurately ride on market 
CHINA MARKET AND FIVE CORE SPORTS CATEGORIES AS THE KEY STRATEGIES Year 2014 witnessed further improvements of our business fundamental on the basis of previous investments. During the year, we continued to devote efforts in the five core sports categories, namely basketball, running, badminton, training and sports life. We established sales channels and marketing tactics in line with product positioning to consolidate brand value and enhance the consumer cohesiveness, which laid a solid foundation for future development: A number of distributors and sub-distributors began to gradually restore profitability; the revenue growth of direct retail stores got strengthened. The Company s full year revenue increased by 16% year-on-year and as accelerated to up 23% for the second half.
The inventory mix reached a healthier level as a result of continuous channel optimisation; the confidence of distributors gradually recovered. Trade fair orders (excluding subsidiaries), in terms of tag price, registered year-on-year growth for five consecutive quarters up to the 2015Q3 
E-commerce business has seen significant growth in 2014.
We placed emphasis on improving discount management, disciplined distributor management, and in-season products assortment. Our flagship stores on major e-commerce platforms have more than doubled in size, with extensive and improved coverage of products categories. On 11 November 2014, we recorded sales of RMB77 million, sold more than twice as compared to other local competitors; New products developed to cater for the needs of professionals and mass market sports enthusiasts have demonstrated their unique competitiveness. The innovation- led brand image was uplifted as new basketball, badminton and running products gained continued recognition from 
Overall retail capability across self-operated, distributor and sub-distributor channels was improved, allowing us to keep informed of consumer preferences, market trends and sales front more accurately.
The general sales channel network of the Company gradually stabilized. However, with the optimization of the channels, the market shrinking brought by store closures has caused the Company loss of certain original worthy markets. We just began to develop the ability of products planning to cash recovery among the retail capability, and it will need to be further strengthened in the future. While actively driving sales, we continued to focus on control of operating cost and expenses as well as working capital management. In 2014, the previous expenditures on platforms continued to weigh on our profit for the period. The full year results recorded a loss, which however began to narrow in the second half of the year.
LEVERAGING ON MARKETING STRATEGIES TO ADD VALUE TO LI-NING BRAND In 2014, experience creation is our key marketing strategy, which is to interactively enhance sports events experience, product experience and retail capability. Based on the characteristics of each category and the differences between consumer groups while relying on sports events and players, we pooled and brought out the value of sports resources, integrated sports experience with retail experience, and promoted online and offline interactions with consumers, so as to achieve the ultimate goals of creating and boosting consumers recognition of the brand and consolidating brand value through product 
Mr. LI Ning Executive Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer 
On the front of basketball events, we precisely positioned ourselves according to the needs of consumers, and launched a full range of high-end products, core products and basic products to build up a complete Pyramid system, which included the Way of Wade series on the top, the series for the CBA League Tournaments in the middle, and the series for the Chinese University Basketball Association (CUBA) tournaments, the Chinese University Basketball Super League (CUBS) tournaments, and the four-level campus league matches for middle and high schools on the base of the Pyramid . The above initiatives, coupled with corresponding retail experience in physical stores, enhanced our retail capability. For cities with a strong interest in basketball and CBA clubs, specific corners for CBA league matches were added in shops and stadium corridors to serve as a bridge for communication and interaction among club members, players and local fans. Through CBA All-Star Weekends and Play Now fans carnivals, consumers experienced rich basketball culture in addition to watching 
We are committed to providing consumers with professional running solutions with an integrated products, services and events experience. Last year, we launched Super Light and Li Ning Arc running products, and over four million consumers had the light, comfortable and smooth experience brought about by the running shoes of Super Light series. Meanwhile, we established our own running event systems, set up running training camps, held the Li-Ning National 10-km Road Race and sponsored the Shenzhen International Marathon. The online and offline interactions presented consumers with a more diverse 
The sports resources of China National Badminton Team were still the core of the LI-NING brand. Meanwhile, based on the basic needs of the vast badminton groups, we adopted a penetration and expansion strategy aiming at top sports and events resources with the aid of channel platforms and grassroots resources. In addition, we strengthened the application of materials developed from scientific research and innovative development designs for badminton rackets. Our self-developed world-class badminton rackets are highly praised by professional badminton players. We established partnerships with top international and domestic events and held grassroots 3V3 tournament to enhance the influence of brand badminton products and expand our market shares.
RE-ENTERING A NEW STAGE OF GROWTH Year 2015 will mark the beginning of a new development stage of our company, and breakthrough growth is expected in the next three years. The Board has appointed me as the Interim Chief Executive Officer, I will exert all efforts in strategic development and daily operations of the Company; In the mean time, the Company will continuously search for the appropriate candidate for the permanent CEO position. Looking ahead for the next three years, we will focus on the collaborative development of product, channel and retail capability to drive the business back to growth.
On production development, we have formulated two product positioning strategies for the five core sports categories, namely 
the strategy of professional functionality products aimed at professional sports enthusiasts, and strategy of fashionable sports life products aimed at mass market consumers, to sharpen the products competitiveness in a more down-to-earth manner, and regain the sports life mass market.
On channel development, we will continue to strengthen cooperation with channel partners to expand market niche, and strategically re-enter the low-penetration promising markets, especially the south part of China. We will also establish a channel strategy with more detailed product classification and clearer functional positioning according to differentiated consumer needs and market segments.
On retail capability, we will have more accurate control over the wholesale processes of products. Through the Closed Loop effect (chart 1) including processes from products development to cash recovery, we promote the positive circulation within the loop, improving the overall operating efficiency, in order to lower the operation costs.
Furthermore, the rising of Internet has brought changes to the consumption manners of mass public. In order to catch the new opportunities brought by this, we decided to connect our products R&D and retail capability with the business environment driven by Internet. We will make more cross sector collaborations with innovative technology companies, to actively create cross sector business opportunities, building LI-NING digitalized business (chart 2) and make it the driven force to lead the Company s new round of growth.
To implement these initiatives more efficiently and achieve the quick feedback and decision making driven by business and consumer demand, the Group has started organisational restructuring from the beginning of 2015. We expect to restructure our businesses into three vertically aligned segments, namely Basketball and Badminton, Sports Life and Training, and Running, with key business and financial indicators to fit their lifecycles from concept design to launch. A creative center was also established in early 2015, aiming to coordinate the development of the three business teams for efficient allocation 
The proceeds raised by the equity financing in late 2014 were already in place. The Company will invest with clear objectives to further improve its capital structure and effectively support 
As the founder and practitioner of LI-NING brand, I always highly regard the interests of investors, and cherish their care and unremitting supports to the Company. I also wish to express my heartfelt thanks to our dedicated and industrious employees throughout the years. The management and I will spare no efforts to steer the Company back into the profitability track, forging a LI-NING brand full of passion and vitality in a new era.

Executive Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer Hong Kong, 18 March 2015 