Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
In 2016, following the turnaround, the Company further optimized
various indicators by steady implementation of the development
strategies and launch of the related measures, resulting in various
improvements such as finance, operations and brand influence.
During 2016, revenue of the Group continued its steady growth
while the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company
was increased to RMB643 million, including the net gain from the
disposal of 10% equity interest in Double Happiness of RMB313
million. Improved profitability reflected that the Company has
restored its right track of healthy growth. LI-NING brand, which
manifests our brand’s DNA – tenacity derived from sports, has
demonstrated the brand-new vibrancy and vivacity in the age
of the Internet.
Amidst the changes in lifestyle of consumers and their spending
habits, the Company focused on the creation of experiences
as its key strategy of development. During 2016, the Company
continued to put emphasis on product features and functions
catering to the actual demands of consumers, so as to create
LI-NING brand’s value through experiences, including product
experience, shopping experience and sports experience. The
Company strived to incorporate the brand’s value in experience
into retail channels and daily operations, and further segmentize
the services according to consumer demands. Meanwhile, we
captured the consumer preference more rapidly and precisely
with the support of big-data analysis.
RESTORE THE RIGHT TRACK OF HEALTHY
DEVELOPMENT AND ACHIEVED PROFIT
GROWTH TARGET
In 2016, with the commitment and efforts of all staff, various
operation indicators have been improved significantly. During
the year, revenue of the Group grew by 13%, and operating cash
flow further increased to RMB995 million. Meanwhile, working
capital rationalized with cash conversion cycle shortened from
76 days for the year 2015 to 59 days for the current year. The
distributors have resumed confidence gradually. In terms of
tag price, trade fair orders for LI-NING brand products from
franchised distributors registered a year-on-year growth for
thirteen consecutive quarters.
The enhanced results and improved operation indicators of
the Company were attributable to the fact that we have been
striving to develop and improve the overall retail capability
to enhance efficiency of sales channels. The overall retail sellthrough
grew low-teens for two consecutive years, and the
channel inventory turnover further improved. Sell-out ratio of
new products continued to increase. The same-store sales for
overall platform, including online and offline, accelerated its
growth. For the whole year of 2016, same-store sales growth
of LI-NING brand products for the overall platform including
e-commerce (taking into account the POS that have been
operating since the beginning of the first quarter last year)
increased by low-teens on a year-on-year basis. In terms of
channels, retails (direct operation) and wholesale (franchisee)
channels increased by mid-single and low single-digits on a yearon-year
basis while e-commerce virtual store business recorded
a mid-eighties growth on a year-on-year basis.
In terms of online and offline channels, we formulated more
compatible development strategies based on various features
of channels. To cater to the changes in consumption patterns,
e-commerce business continued its robust development trend
recently with an approximate 90% growth of revenue yearon-year
in 2016. Apart from responding to young consumers’
purchase and aesthetic needs, we introduced additional trendy
and fashionable elements and hot-gossips to position the
products towards the consumer preference more precisely with
the support of big-data analysis. The improvement of offline
business was attributed to the focused efforts of the Company
in establishing the retail operation-supported platform with
an aim to enhance the store sales efficiency. On one hand, we
determined the profit models according to store categories
through the establishment of various store categories featuring
different product categories (including full-categories stores,
basketball stores, running and training stores and sports casual
stores). On the other hand, we strived to enhance consumption
sports experience and store image, employed more professional
sports advisory personnel for retail outlets and continued to
improve the staff training system so as to enhance shopping
experience of customers.
CREATE LI-NING BRAND VALUE THROUGH
EXPERIENCE
During 2016, we offered more comprehensive user experience to
consumers and sports population group, highlighting LI-NING
brand value through experience, which continued to be the focus
of our efforts. During the year, we remained steadfast on product
development, retail platform and sports experience. Meanwhile,
we pushed forward the digitization strategy and grasped the big
data with an aim to develop it into the information and trend
analysis department.
Product experience
Product is the essence of sports brand. During the year,
continuing to put the concept of “Develop the profession into
a more professional one, give lifestyle more mix-and-match”
into practice, we embraced the heritage of sports’ DNA among
our brand and upgraded the sports performance of products.
Meanwhile, we captured and introduced fashionable elements
into the product design and launched a series of products
recognized by consumers.
Regarding running products, we developed the product matrix
of LI-NING’s running shoes catering to the differentiated
sports demands of runners. In respect of smart products, we
incorporated smart technology into the proprietary technology
platform. Meanwhile, our brand design team successfully
launched the 2016 versions of “Rough Rabbit” (赤兔) and
“Furious Rider” (烈駿). The success of innovative running shoes
highlighted the competitive edges of the Group in R&D and
marketing of smart products as well as the consumer trust and
recognition of our brand. In respect of non-smart products, the
technology platforms of “Super Light 13th”, “LI-NING Cloud III”
running shoes and “LI-NING Arc” continued to develop during
2016. With the introduction of fashioned designs and materials,
their sales performance was encouraging. We established the
running category specialty shop within the regions of group
running activities. The first specialty shop of LI-NING running
products was opened in Shanghai, integrating professional
equipment and tests and sports and social network, aiming to
develop into a new landmark for runners in Shanghai.
In respect of basketball products, we continued to explore
room for development of casual wear category business
while maintaining our professionalism. In terms of promotion,
on one hand, the Group expanded products and increased
product exposure through various means such as sponsorship
of tournaments. On the other hand, we launched featured
game apparel, fan-culture related apparel and others according
to tournament schedules, which received positive consumer
feedback.
Shopping experience
In order to fulfil consumer demands more precisely, we focused
on the spending habits of fans of various sports and different
customer groups, developed room for interactive experience by
strategically shaping the image of new and correlated channels,
implemented the display guidelines flexibly with highlighted
theme so as to offer a brand-new shopping experience.
During the year, offline channels continued to expand. As of the
end of 2016, the number of POS increased by 307 to a total of
6,440. Based on the regional actual sports demand, and taking
into account the various classes of cities and their commercial
zoning, we determined the featured products category of a
particular store and implemented product differentiation
planning, research and development and assortment. Meanwhile,
we optimized and upgraded the store image according to
store categories, and pushed forward the establishment of
comprehensive experience stores in major cities. In order to
provide consumers with better shopping experience, we strived
to refine staff training mechanism, enhanced professionalism of
staff and employed additional professional sport talents for the
retail channels, thereby providing consumers at stores with our
professional opinions and recommendations in relation to sports.
With the support of big-data analysis, we developed the ability
of using online channels in creating business opportunities by
making use of data application and interactions. To continue
to consolidate the online advantages of the Company, we
put emphasis on launching flexible and diverse promotional
campaigns aligned with our featured product releases and the
activities of various e-commerce platforms to improve user
viscosity. Meanwhile, we will also continue to develop the omnichannel
system platform to foster quicker and more convenient
consumption experience for customers by leveraging the highly
effective circulation of our products.
Sports experience
The brand’s DNA – tenacity derived from sports is our core value.
To provide consumers with unique sports experience is one of
the focuses of value creation in experience. During the year,
we continued to promote Running Corners in Flagship Stores.
Up to now, various iRun Clubs of LI-NING have been opened
in Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu, Changsha and other cities to
offer experience activities, such as professional courses, physical
training, meet-ups of running groups, to tens of thousands of
runners. In addition, we will continue to put a lot of efforts into
expanding the scale of LI-NING’s special sports experience
activities and competitions, such as LI-NING 10K Road Racing
League, in which we will draw runners for online purchase of
our products through online marketing activities to generate
sales. Also, we will continue the sponsorship of various major
tournaments within China and overseas, such as CBA, CUBA,
Sudirman Cup and BWF World Championships, to nurture and
enhance users’ interests in viewing the tournaments and enrich
their experiences with abundant sports culture.
OUTLOOK
Pursuant to the “Certain Opinion on the Acceleration of the
Development of the Sports Industry and the Stimulation of
Sports-related Consumption” (關於加快發展體育發展產業促進
體育消費的若干意見) announced in 2014 by the State Council,
the market size of China’s sports industry shall achieve at least a
threefold growth to RMB5 trillion in 2025. In 2015, the market size
of the sports industry in China accounted for 1.9% of the gross
domestic product (GDP) growth of China. It is expected to grow
to more than 3% in 2025, which is level with that of the U.S.A.
Following the promulgation of the new policy, unprecedented
favorable opportunities for business development are brought
by the promotion of nationwide fitness. As a national strategy,
promotion of nationwide fitness should particularly be pushed
forward at the forefront of the reform and renovation, playing
the key role of unleashing the growth potential of sports industry,
hosting the strategic promotion of sports culture and driver of a
healthy China. During the development of and planning for the
public service system to be designed for nationwide fitness, we
should strive to increase the awareness of fitness and health at
the retail end and the platform level. On one hand, the smart
design, layout, transformation and upgrade of the fitness training
spots are required to be improved. On the other hand, the
establishment of a platform for common sharing and exchange
of the fitness training population is necessary to accommodate
the changes in social habits and lead the fashionable trend of
scientific fitness training.
In order to capture the opportunities arising from the promotion
of the sports industry in China, in 2017, we will continue to
strengthen and improve the following business focuses:
– Maintaining a healthy and sustainable profit growth of the
Company. We will continue to optimize the various key
segments of the retail business model, including the modes
of segmentation and correlation of products and channels,
aiming to achieve their close integration and further drive
store profitability;
– Developing LI-NING brand value through experience among
various key business segments. It is a fashionable trend for
the consumer preference to more incline to brands. We will
provide featured user experiences to develop and enhance
the brand value and influence, thereby driving the long-term
development of the Company;
– We will, relying on big data analysis, precisely grasp the
spending habits and needs of consumer groups to guide the
business and operation of the Company toward the ‘precise
+ rapid’ dimension;
– In response to the emergence of multi-brand development
strategy, we will exercise reasonable and prudent use of
resources to invest in the sports category market with
business opportunities, including Danskin brand and
kidswear. As regards to the fine-tuned ” ” label
business, we will develop its sales network based on the
directions and findings from past experiences of fine tuning
the business.
With the improvement of all operating indicators in 2016, our
reform focusing on retail business model has been demonstrated
as effective, and the development of our business, finance and
brands is underway in a positive manner. We will continue to
implement and push forward the implementation of the retail
business model, and further move on the path of creating values
for LI-NING brand. As the founder and operator of the Company,
I always highly regard the interests of investors, and cherish
their care of LI-NING brand and unremitting supports to the
Company. I also wish to express my heartfelt thanks to our
dedicated and industrious employees. The management and
I will spare no efforts to steer the Company forward towards
further development in the future, forging a LI-NING brand full
of vivacity and creativity in a new era. “Anything is Possible!”
Li Ning
Executive Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer
Hong Kong, 22 March 2017