Chairman s Statement 
Mr. LI Ning 
2009 was an extremely challenging year with economies around the world swept by the financial turmoil. China was also impacted by this extremely devastating crisis, especially in the first half of the year.
The fast-moving consumer goods sector that the Group operates in is highly subject to economic volatility, with weak consumer sentiment further eroding the retail industry as a whole.
The year 2009 marked the beginning of the Group s five-year strategic plan 2009-2013. In light of the difficult economic environment, the Group, under the excellent leadership of the management and relentless efforts of our staff, reinforced its financial strength and boosted its competitiveness in key areas including branding, products and new sports category, thus achieving solid business and financial growth. Such performance is not only a testament to the Group s business strategy and strong execution capabilities, but also a demonstration of the strong resilience of the Group s 
For the year ended 31 December 2009, the Group recorded good results in the areas of revenue, profit, return on equity and cash flow, thanks to a host of sound and effective management measures. During the year, the Group s revenue recorded a 25.4% growth to RMB8,387 million. Profit attributable to equity holders grew 31.0% to RMB945 million.
Return on equity attributable to equity holders reached 41.3%, up 1.7 percentage points compared with 2008. Basic earnings per share increased by 30.3% to RMB90.75 cents.
The Board has recommended a final dividend of RMB22.54 cents per Share for the year ended 31 December 2009.
Building on Core Strengths As China s sports goods market becomes increasingly mature, we believe the industry is set to experience a consolidation phase in which weak players will be eliminated by their stronger peers. The focus of competition in the industry will gradually shift from channel expansion to product differentiation and brand innovation.
During the year, the Group further strengthened its core competitiveness in brand building and product design and development, thus enhancing its ability to meet forthcoming challenges, laying a good foundation for fostering steady growth over the long term.

The Group s success in integrated marketing and promotion during the 2008 Beijing Olympics created a solid foundation for future enhancement of the LI-NING brand. The brand reputation of the LI-NING brand enables us to bring our brand building to the next level and to communicate with consumers at a greater depth.

The success of a brand hinges on the unique value it creates, underpinned by a core sports category that can support its development over the long term. In 2009, the Group successfully signed up the Chinese National Badminton Team. Playing in full LI-NING gear, the Chinese National Badminton Team was crowned the champion of the 2009 LI-NING Sudirman Cup . This victory symbolised LI-NING brand s successful entry into the badminton segment.
The badminton market experienced rapid expansion in China due to the high level of participation in the sport by the country s population and there is still ample room for further expansion. The proficiency of Chinese nationals in badminton is among the highest in the world, with the national badminton team to amateur badminton players, all playing pivotal roles in promoting the development of the sport in China.
After a long period of preparation, LI-NING brand s core technologies related to design, research and development and production of badminton equipment have achieved a level enabling it to become a competent provider of commercial badminton products as well as a professional sponsor which has won high recognition from the Chinese National Badminton Team. The Group is dedicated to developing badminton to be a sport that has the strongest connectivity with the LI-NING brand, with a view to differentiate it from top international brands.

The success in brand building hinges on establishing unrivalled advantage in its products.
As one of the leading sports brands in China, the Group has invested tremendous efforts in product research and development, so as to provide products that are professional and meet the needs of consumers.

Our professional products come about from in-depth communication between our design, research and development team and the athletes, combined with the advanced technology we deploy, and through repeated product tests and trials before committing to production. The major performance benchmarks for the design and functions of our professional products are nearly on par with those of the international top brands.
We are able to equip athletes with fit and comfortable gear that can deliver reliable performance and adequately address their individual needs, thus enabling them to excel in their particular sport categories. Our outstanding professional products series include the professional gear supplied to the various Chinese National Teams sponsored by the Group, the basketball shoes for selected NBA stars, the tennis gear for ATP tennis players, and the gear for the pole vault queen, Elena Isinbayeva, and they all have received high praise and recognition from the sponsored athletes.
While we work on making our products more professional and more international, the LI-NING brand has also blended sports and fashion elements to provide consumers with more and better product perceptions. During the year, a number of the Group s footwear designs won the iF Design Award China 2009 and the China Red Star Design Award 2009 (2009t-N WuRe-}fNs). These awards are testimony to the strengths in product design and research and development of the LI-NING brand.

The multi-brand strategy constitutes an integral part of the Group s overall strategic planning. It plays a complementary and synergistic role to the core LI-NING brand, and helps harness consistent growth of the Group s business over the long term.

During 2009, the Group put its Lotto brand sports fashion new business into full swing and launched a collection of brand new products and image shops of Lotto brand, which met with positive market response. The diversified and leisure-oriented lifestyle of consumers is driving the rapid growth of the leisure sports fashion market in China. We envisage a positive prospect for the development of the Lotto brand business in China.
As part of the Group s badminton strategy, we have completed the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of Kason Sports. This acquisition enables us to amalgamate Kason brand s industry-leading production technology and research and development capabilities with our core competencies and competitive advantages. It also facilitates us to fully leverage the respective marketing resources in segments which Kason brand and LI-NING brand complement each other, so as to rapidly increase the Group s market share in the badminton segment.
Taking LI-NING Brand International The value of a sports brand is universal. The Group, therefore, considers grooming LI-NING into a global brand as one of its ultimate goals. The Group considers China is still the most attractive market for the immediate future. As such, the Group still regards China as its major market for the five-year strategic plan 2009-2013. Meanwhile, we are conducting various tests and pilot programmes to better prepare ourselves for the fully-fledged launch of our brand into the international market in our next stage 
In 2009, we rolled out the LI-NING brand badminton gear in Southeast Asia, one of the world s largest badminton markets. In July, the first LI-NING brand badminton flagship store was opened at ION Orchard in Singapore. During the East Asian Games in Hong Kong in December, the city s first LI-NING brand badminton gear specialty store was opened. In addition, another LI-NING brand specialty store was opened in Portland, Oregon in the United States in February 2010.

Our research and development capability, persistent efforts in enhancing our brand value and optimisation of our supply chain to accommodate international operations all play crucial roles in preparing us to take the LI-NING brand international. We will continue to build our competencies and further advance our brand internationalisation strategy so as to establish a firm foundation for our expansion into the overseas markets.

In response to the various stimulus packages the Central Government has implemented, China s economy exhibited momentum pointing to a revival since the beginning of the second half of 2009. In the sporting goods market, retailers are narrowing the discounts offered to consumers and the industry trade inventory level is improving. We expect the sports goods market to begin a steady recovery in the second quarter of 2010.
In the medium to long term, the country s sporting goods market will be fueled by sustainable growth drivers including on-going urbanisation, increasing per capita disposable income of the urban population, rising domestic consumption power and the escalating demand for leisure lifestyles and sports activities. The series of international sports events, such as the Guangzhou 2010 Asian Games and the World Cup, will continue to broaden the development of China s sporting goods industry.
Meanwhile, we are aware of the intense market competition with the entrance of new participants. We envisage a consolidation within the industry which will see those brands with more unique personalities and being better able to resonate positively with consumers win and emerge as even stronger players.

In 2010, the Group shall continue to adopt a proactive, yet prudent strategy to deploy more resources in building our core competencies and competitiveness relating to branding and products. We will also continue to improve ourselves in the area of integrating the product, retail management and communication with consumers so as to achieve stable operation and steady growth to create greater value for Shareholders and investors.
History has shown us that, for those who are well prepared, challenges and crisis are actually opportunities to nurture existing capabilities and achieve breakthroughs.
The Group was born 20 years ago from the dream of an Olympic champion and has overcome many challenges. The Group s management team, distributors, suppliers and employees all applied their wisdom to help improve the Group s core competencies, expand into new businesses and establish the multi-brand business model. These efforts have achieved fruitful results. On behalf of the Board, I am extending my gratitude to the management team and our staff for their wisdom and hard work and the Shareholders for their support. These were instrumental in driving the Group to excel and break new ground in achieving healthy and steady growth during the immensely challenging year of 2009.

Hong Kong, 17 March 2010 