Chairman s Statement 
Mr. LI Ning 
After years of aggressive expansion, growth in the domestic sportswear industry in China became significantly constrained in recent years. In 2012, competition intensified as a result of market saturation in China, while inventory buildup within the sales channels continued to worsen. These led to the overall decline in profitability for the sportswear industry. Furthermore, against the backdrop of global economic uncertainty and a slower pace of growth in China s domestic economy, many industries, including the consumer sector, were adversely impacted.
Given these market conditions, the management team believes that change is inevitable in the business model and competitive dynamics for the sportswear industry in China. To address the increasing operational bottlenecks, Li Ning Company decided to bring in strategic investors to broaden its management horizon, and to drive a breakthrough to pioneer a second phase of development for the industry.
In January 2012, the Group entered into an investment agreement with TPG, a world-leading private equity investment company, and the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation Pte. Ltd. ( GIC ).
TPG has successfully led transformations of retail enterprises in China in the past. The Board believes that the involvement of strategic investor TPG will diversify the board composition and meet the demand for professional management on a strategic level. This plan allows an accurate analysis of future operations and strategy, fully utilizes TPG s expertise and resources, and will guarantee the effective execution of the Group s future development strategies.
Implementation of the Transformation Plan Following the detailed diagnosis and analysis by the Group and its strategic investors in the first half of 2012, a comprehensive transformation plan was launched in July 2012. It included fundamental improvements to channels, brand and products, the adoption of a retail-oriented business model and a development strategy led by sports marketing. By focusing on end consumers needs, the Group developed and launched products that are technologically advanced and possess contemporary aesthetics. At the same time, the Company also enhanced brand strength through sponsoring several national and international sporting events and 
Since the launch of the transformation plan, management has continued to fine tune the details of the plan s implementation. We successfully attracted a number of new talents to the Group to take up several key positions and work with the new management team to advance the implementation of transformation plan.
I, together with Mr. Jin-Goon Kim, our Executive Vice Chairman, have become more actively involved in the development of the Group s strategy and management of its operations. We hope to fulfill the goals of our transformation plan through leveraging my experience and network in the sporting industry, and Mr. Kim s knowledge of the retail industry and operational expertise.
In December 2012, the Board approved the launch of the Channel Revival Plan as a key component of the overall transformation plan. Its successful implementation will accelerate the Group s inventory clearance process and enhance sales channel profitability. The revamp of downstream channels should in turn boost the performance of the Group, allowing it to achieve healthy and sustainable growth.
The overall transformation plan will rebuild and revitalize the LI-NING brand, facilitate better supply chain and retail operations, and optimize the Group s business platform and future development. The Board and I are very satisfied with the current progress and outcomes of the transformation plan.

Enhance Product Functionality and Strengthen Brand Value As part of the transformation plan, Li Ning Company made a strong return to the sporting arena in 2012, mainly in basketball, running and badminton. Focusing on the China market, the Group placed strong emphasis on brand investment and product 
At the 2012 London Olympics, five national teams sponsored by Li Ning Company won a total of 22 gold medals. In basketball, the Group became the exclusive sponsor for the Chinese Basketball Association (CBA). Li Ning Company anticipates to achieve technology upgrades and increased business opportunities through its CBA sponsorship. It also hopes to support the realization of tremendous development potential of the CBA. We also signed a sponsorship agreement with Dwyane Wade, the star player in the NBA s Miami Heat team. The Way of Wade products have become increasingly popular in the market.

The one-off provision made under the Channel Revival Plan negatively impacted our annual results in FY2012. In FY2012, total revenue was down 24.5% year on year and the Company recorded a loss attributable to equity holders of approximately RMB1.979 billion. In the near term, the Company expects that continued reduction on sell-in will still have an impact on revenue.
As a result, the Company s financial performance is expected to remain challenging into at least the first half of 2013.

Given the steady growth of China s economy, continuing urbanization and upgrading of consumer demands, we believe there is still huge potential in the sportswear industry in China.
We also foresee that the next two to three years will be a time for continued industry restructuring, which could pose challenges for existing players, while also provide opportunities for a new phase of growth.

In order to capture these opportunities, the Board proposed to raise funds by an open offer of convertible securities at the beginning of 2013. The total gross proceeds from the open offer will be used by the Company to fund overall execution of the transformation plan, provide general working capital to the company and to optimize its capital structure. The fundraising plan is supported by major shareholders, who not only displayed their commitment to the Company but also their confidence in the company s future. In a period of executing our transformation plan, shareholders support is crucial to the Group.
In 2013, under the framework of the transformation plan, we will continue to add new content and value to the LI-NING brand through a differentiated point of view and strong execution.
As a China-based sportswear brand, Li Ning Company will also be committed to the development of sports in the community through its expertise and brand strength, and fulfil the Group s 
As the founder and Executive Chairman of Li Ning Company, I would like to express my appreciation for all shareholders continued support and trust. Although the transformation and reconstruction of our business model will take time, I hope that Li Ning Company will provide long-term sustainable investment returns to all shareholders.

Hong Kong, 25 March 2013 