Chairman s Statement 
Staying true to our 2007 theme One Team, One Belief our team made tremendous strides to achieve excellence in all areas of our operations and outperformed our projections.
These results synchronized with China s high-speed economic growth at a time when nurturing of the country s domestic consumption sector became a focus of the economy. During the year, the Group fostered more opportunities for international co-operation, strengthened proprietary brand-building and intensified product research and development.
With the support of our management, our staff and our Shareholders, the Group achieved rapid growth and continued to build momentum as we move forward into 2008 and beyond. During the year, we gained significant ground in international brand expansion, made further inroads in our multi-brand business strategy, successfully developed and diversified our major product lines and continued to forge strategic partnerships with world-renowned organizations and athletes. These actions all helped add value to our brand and reinforced our leadership position in the PRC market.
The Group s deep roots and commitment to the principles of good sportsmanship have enabled the Group to take full advantage of the opportunities in China s consumer market in the run-up to the country s hosting of the Olympic Games in 2008. We have focused our efforts specifically in the areas of brand building, sales network expansion and product innovation.
In addition, the Group s continued efforts to improve transparency and corporate governance have helped us develop a high level of recognition and support from the investment community. This is also reflected in the ongoing confidence and support we have received from our Shareholders.
CONTINUED FINANCIAL SUCCESS Building on previous success, the Group continued to deliver strong financial performance during 2007 with revenue for the year rising 36.7% to RMB4,348.7 million. Profit attributable to equity holders increased by 60.6% to RMB473.6 million. Basic earnings per share increased by 60.0% to RMB45.83 cents.

Mr. LI Ning 
Based on these distinguished results, I am delighted to report that the Board has recommended payment of a final dividend of RMB7.96 cents and a special dividend of RMB9.13 cents per Share.
RAISING THE BAR, LIFTING THE BRAND The Group is poised to take advantage of growing consumer interest in sportswear driven by the forthcoming Beijing Olympic Games by focusing on unique consumer dynamics in the China market in an effort to better compete with domestic and international brands that are active in China today.
In addition to intensifying efforts in advertising and promotion in the domestic market, we also dedicated more resources to sponsorships of overseas sports bodies including the Spanish Olympic Delegation and the Swedish Olympic Delegation. We have made remarkable progress in enhancing international recognition of our brand through our support of overseas sports teams and athletes. We have entered into agreements to provide sportswear sponsorship to the Spanish National Basketball Team and the Argentina Basketball Federation s men s and women s teams for all major events, including the Olympic Games, one of the world s top runners, Ethiopia s Ambesse Tolossa, and a top seeded player of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP), Ivan Ljubicic of Croatia.
In the domestic market, we continued to support China s home-grown heroes by sponsoring the four gold-medal winning national teams, namely, the Gymnastics, Diving, Table Tennis and Shooting Teams in order to boost the LI-NING brand recognition through the Beijing Olympic Games.
We also maintained diversified marketing campaigns in several other key sports areas, including basketball, soccer and tennis.

FAST EXPANDING DISTRIBUTION NETWORK AND STRONG R&D CAPABILITY Our distribution network continued to expand and the number of LI-NING brand outlets in China has reached 5,233. We are further committed to strengthening our brand through the launch of flagship stores and fourth-generation retail stores, thereby offering an enhanced shopping experience for consumers.
Meanwhile, the Group continued to strengthen research and development of new product lines, focusing on delivery of highly competitive sports products. Footwear products that incorporated our LI-NING BOW (Ng[_) anti-shock technology were well-received by consumers. We shall apply this technology to a wider range of footwear products. Moving forward we shall continue to strengthen our research and development and design capabilities, an initiative that we believe will create more demand and drive growth in sales.
MULTIPLE-BRANDS FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH Though the LI-NING brand remains our core brand, we are fully committed to our ongoing multi-brand strategy. In this regard we have entered into agreements with the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) and Shaquille O Neal, and entered into a joint venture with renowned French outdoor sports brand AIGLE. In addition, we also launched a new sub-brand, Z-Do in 2007, in order to offer a more diversified product range to satisfy the demand of consumers.
In November 2007, the Group announced the acquisition of a 57.5% equity interest in Shanghai Double Happiness Co., Ltd.

Nwm}UN gPlQS) ( Double Happiness ). Double Happiness is a market leader in table tennis equipment and is well-known throughout China. The acquisition not only supports the Group s multi-brand business strategy, but also strengthens our position in the fast growing table tennis and indoor sports markets.
BUILDING TRUST AND TRANSPARENCY We are committed to continuous improvement of the Group s corporate governance and transparency to ensure healthy business development and to enhance the LI-NING brand value. During the year, the Group continued to strengthen its internal control systems as part of our ongoing improvement efforts.
In acknowledgment of our efforts in corporate governance, the Company was granted two high-profile awards during the year.
The Company was awarded the Directors of the Year Award 2007 Board Category by The Hong Kong Institute of Directors and The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants named the Company the CIMA 2007 Quality Employer Partner .
In a research report by CLSA Asia Pacific Market released in May 2007, the Company was rated the number one China company in corporate governance, a position we strive to maintain and improve constantly.

GOING THE EXTRA MILE Looking forward, the future of the PRC s sports goods market is bright and, therefore, it is also certain to attract much fiercer competition. The Group will continue to focus on four major business strategies, namely, branding, network, products and supply chain management in order to enhance its competitive edge.
The Group s marketing activities will continue to support the multi-brand business strategy and to offer an even greater variety of products. To strengthen market position and sustain growth, we shall roll out our brand-building nationwide and leverage the growing consumer enthusiasm fostered by the Olympic Games.
The Group s retail network will be further expanded throughout China as we open up more retail stores and deepen the penetration of our products. In metropolitan and first-tier cities we shall focus on strengthening our sales efforts by enhancing brand image and store efficiency. At the same time we shall increase our network penetration in second- and third-tier cities to embrace opportunities offered by the rapid growth in these markets.
In addition, our specially constructed Li Ning City in Beijing has already commenced its operations. As our new headquarters and operating centre, Li Ning City offers a research and development centre, showrooms, exhibition halls, sports facilities and venues for trade fairs. We believe that not only will Li Ning City enhance our operating capability and efficiency, it also contributes to our overall brand value.
Now and in the future, the Group will continue to uphold its mission, vision and core values in order to sustain the growth and success that we accomplished in the past years. These include being a leader in the sports industry, offering internationally recognized sports products and inspiring people to pursue excellence and fulfillment through sports.
I would like to convey my deepest gratitude to everyone that has been involved with the excellent results of the Group in 2007.
It was through the contributions and support of the management, staff, partners, customers and our Shareholders that we have been able to reach such heights.

Hong Kong, 18 March 2008 