Chairman s Statement 
To all shareholders: I am pleased to present the audited consolidated results of Great Wall Motor Company Limited (the Company or Great Wall Motor ) and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2012 (the Year ).
The Group achieved satisfactory growth in its annual results for the Year, with increased profit driven by growth in sales. The total revenue and profit after tax attributable to shareholders of the parent company amounted to RMB43,159,966,648.39 and RMB5,692,448,955.93 respectively, representing increases of 43.44% and 66.14% respectively from those of 2011.
During the Year, although there was no notable recovery in the global economy, the Chinese government s introduction of subsidies for energy-saving vehicles had mitigated the impact of depressed external economic performances on the domestic automobile industry. In addition, with the continued increase in domestic automobile manufacturers production capacity, the automobile industry as a whole witnessed a stable growth. According to the information of China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, the production and sales volume of automobiles in China reached record highs again in 2012, which amounted to approximately 19,271,800 units and 19,306,400 units respectively, representing year-on-year increases of 4.6% and 4.33%. During the Year, the automobile sales volume of the Group reached 621,438 units, representing a year-on-year growth of 34.31%, which is much higher than the growth rate of the automobile industry. Meanwhile, domestic automobile enterprises had accelerated international market development and had improvement in competitiveness, leading to rapid growth and remarkable results in automobile exports. The statistics of China Association of Automobile Manufacturers showed that the total export volume of automobiles from China in 2012 amounted to 1,056,100 units, representing a year-on-year increase of 29.70%. During the Year, the Group also displayed satisfactory performance in overseas market sales. Its export volume for the Year reached 95,489 units, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.45%.
The Group s marketing strategies focus on three major categories: pick-up trucks, SUVs and sedans, with an aim to maintain the competitive advantage of pick-up trucks in the market, to consolidate SUVs leading market position, and to expedite the growth of the sedan business. During the Year, the Group stepped up its efforts in the marketing of key models such as Haval H6, Great Wall C30, Great Wall C50, Wingle, etc, so as to maintain steady growth in their sales volume. At the same time, the Group launched Haval M4, which is a small SUV with a stylish and sporty look. Haval M4 is installed with Great Wall s 1.5L 100% aluminium Variable Value Timing ( VVT ) engine. Using Multi- point Electronic Fuel Injection system and VVT technology, the engine features advanced technology, low emission and high effi ciency, achieving the perfect blend of power performance and fuel economy. Following its launch, Haval M4 became a much sought after model in the market by young people, which resulted in excess demand. Haval M4 became a major growth driver of the Haval series, and enriched the product offerings available in the small SUV market in the PRC. The Group also launched a 2013 version of Great Wall C30 during the Year. Both the exterior appearance and accessories were upgraded, which further stimulated the growth in sales of the Group s sedans.
With the dual effects of new product launch under domestic self-owned brands and price decline in products under brands of joint ventures, competition in the automobile market will intensify. The Company will continue to focus on product research and development to further improve its product quality, so as to enhance the Company s brand image. For pick-up trucks, the Company will further consolidate its dominant market position through launching new models and improving the performance of pick-up trucks. For SUVs, the Group will intensify its efforts in the research and development of SUVs, and tapping into the segmented markets of SUVs by introducing off-road SUVs, urban SUVs and crossover models meeting the State s policy on energy-saving and environmental protection. The Group will also step up its SUV marketing efforts to maintain its leading market share in the self-owned brand market. For the sedan market, the Group will continue to develop affordable sedans under the guidance of the State s policy for energy-saving products. Through upgrading and replacement of existing products, the Group will gradually improve its market share in the sedan sector. Furthermore, the Company is planning to strengthen its research and development capabilities in vehicles and automobile parts and components, and to conduct research and development of new energy automobiles according to stringent product development procedures.

2013 will still be a year full of opportunities and challenges. The Group will further adjust and optimize its product portfolio, as well as enhancing product quality. The Group will also strengthen its support for distributors and improve the after-sales services, while continuing to enhance customers satisfaction and loyalty levels. In addition, the Group will maintain a sound financial position, and adopt prudent development strategies, with an aim to achieve steady growth in the coming year. On behalf of Great Wall Motor, the management would like to express their gratitude to the staff, shareholders, investors and customers for their continuous support to and trust in the Group. Committing to our motto of improving little by little every day , we adopt a refined management approach and strive to create maximum returns for our shareholders.
Wei Jian Jun 
Baoding, Hebei Province, the PRC 21 March 2013 