CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT 
Despite difficult market conditions and market volatility during the
course of the year, our overall performance was relatively stable,
with profit attributable to shareholders down modestly by 2.5% to
HK$2,145 million for the year.
Business Performance
During the course of the year, the performance of the Group was
relatively stable overall. Net interest income grew strongly, mainly
as a result of lower funding costs during the year, whilst fee and
commission income were down. Our core Retail banking business
performed relatively well, although our Commercial banking business
suffered from relatively slow growth, as well as some increase in credit
cost during the course of the year. Our Treasury business also slowed,
mainly due to a lower demand from customers for FX and related
products, largely relating to RMB, due to the continuing depreciation
of the currency. Our Macau business showed some growth, whilst
our China subsidiary recorded better performance, mainly due to
lower credit costs during the year. The performance of our associate
company, Bank of Chongqing, was also encouraging, posting a solid
growth in the year. Its contribution to our earnings in 2016 however
dropped slightly, as our interest in Bank of Chongqing was diluted
from approximately 17.0% to 14.7% at the end of 2015.
CAPITAL AND REGULATION
Our banking group’s capital position continued to strengthen from
internal capital generation and also an issue of a Tier 2 subordinated
debt in late 2016.
In November 2016, DSB issued US$250 million of Tier 2 subordinated
debt, in advance of the call of its prior issues of S$225 million of
Lower Tier 2 subordinated debt and US$55 million of Upper Tier 2
subordinated debt for redemption in February 2017. Together with the
build-up of CET1 through earnings retention, this resulted in capital
levels as at 31 December 2016 that were substantially higher than the
prior year, at 18.3% overall, with CET1 at 12.7%. It should however
be noted that the subsequent call of the two subordinated debt issues
referred to above has lowered the overall capital ratio on a pro forma
basis by 72 basis points. We continued to comply with the Liquidity
Maintenance Ratio (“LMR”), with DSB’s average consolidated
LMR maintained at 42% during the year, well above the regulatory
minimum level of 25%. We believe that our capital and liquidity ratios
are maintained at levels within the market range for both peer banks
in Hong Kong, and indeed for banks internationally.CHANGES OF THE BOARD DURING THE YEAR
On 12 August 2016, Mr. Shoji Hirai, due to his new assignment
within The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd group, resigned as a
Non-Executive Director. On the same date, Mr. Kenichi Yamato was
appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Company. The brief
biographical details of Mr. Kenichi Yamato are set out in the section
headed “Directors’ and Senior Management’s Profile” in this Annual
Report.
The Board extends a warm welcome to Mr. Yamato for joining the
Board, and expresses its appreciation to Mr. Hirai for his valuable
effort and contributions to the Board during his tenure of service with
the Company.
FUTURE PROSPECTS
The outlook for 2017 remains uncertain. Whilst the US economy
continues to recover, and the Mainland China economy is likely to
grow at a rate above 6% with steadier progress and more balanced
development, there are uncertainties over the direction of global trade
agreements, and a number of key elections in Europe, in addition to
the continuing Brexit negotiations. At present, it seems that the most
likely outlook for the markets and businesses in which we operate is
one of relative stability. It is expected that US interest rates will rise,
in line with US economic recovery, and whilst in the medium term
that should be positive for banks, it is possible that there will be some
shorter term margin pressure, as funding costs move upwards. With
potential interest rate and currency volatility, there is also the risk that
local market liquidity conditions, which have been generally benign for
some time, could change.
In Hong Kong, economic growth is forecast to continue to be
moderate, although perhaps improving slightly, and unemployment is
forecast to remain low, which is generally positive for credit quality.
The outlook for the housing market is more uncertain, with current
high levels of both prices and demand balanced by likely mortgage
rate hikes and increases in property supply. The stabilization of
the Mainland economy has led to more steady credit quality for
our Mainland subsidiary in the recent past, and Macau looks set to
continue on a recovering path.
We are therefore taking a balanced view towards the year. Whilst
we think that there will be some opportunities for growth in our key
markets of Hong Kong, Mainland China and Macau, we also see
both global and local risks ahead of us, as well as the likelihood
that the volatile market conditions experienced over the past couple
of years could continue. We therefore intend to attempt to take
advantage of opportunities for growth that present themselves, whilst
monitoring closely key market and economic developments so that
the associated risks can be managed appropriately.
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable
contribution and extend, on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to
all of our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past
year, and also our appreciation of the support from our customers and
shareholders.
David Shou-Yeh Wong
Chairman
Hong Kong, 22 March 2017