Chairman s Statement 
This is the first annual report for Dah Sing Banking Group Limited, and I am pleased to report that the Group achieved profit attributable to shareholders of HK$1,120 million, an increase of 27.3% over 2003.
Earnings per share increased from HK$1.09 to HK$1.29. In line with the dividend policy expressed at the time of the listing, the dividend payout ratio was approximately 50% of attributable profit, bringing the dividend per share to HK$0.61 for the year, comprising a final dividend of HK$0.38 per share in addition to the interim dividend of HK$0.23 per share.
Hong Kong s economic recovery continued in 2004, with real GDP growth of 8.1%. Trade figures were particularly strong, with exports of goods and services increasing by 15.3% and 14.9% respectively. Although there was still slight deflation in the first half of the year, the overall trend has improved. Unemployment fell during 2004, and was at a level of 6.5% by the end of the year, which is still a relatively high level, due to the continuing restructuring of Hong Kong s 
Conditions in the banking market were reasonably positive during the year. There were a number of trends influencing the banking market. In particular, a return to loan growth, improving credit quality, competitive pricing, tighter interest margins, wealth management and Renminbi ( RMB ) business, have all been key factors influencing the market over the past year. Outside Hong Kong, there has also been the move by Hong Kong banks to participate more actively in Mainland China, particularly in the Pan Pearl River 
It is encouraging to note that there was a return to loan growth in the Hong Kong banking market for the first time since 1998, with overall domestic loan growth in 2004 reaching 5%. However, this loan growth was achieved against a background of extremely keen pricing competition in many main loan segments, including commercial lending and residential mortgages. The loan growth was also mixed by loan segment, with mortgage lending and commercial banking increasing more rapidly than personal loans and credit cards.

Continuing low Hong Kong dollar interbank rates for most of the year, and particularly following the reduction in interbank rates in late October, mitigated the margin pressure to some extent. However, as a result of competitive loan pricing and lower yields on interest earning assets, the average net interest margin in the local banking industry generally tightened in 2004.
Wealth management has been a growing business as customers seek alternatives to the low deposit rates available in the market, which has benefitted the banking business.
The ever-closer links between Hong Kong and Mainland China have been reflected in the growth in RMB business for Hong Kong residents in Hong Kong (including RMB deposits, remittances and credit cards), as well as the growth in many Hong Kong banks business in Mainland China, particularly in the Pan Pearl River Delta region.
Dah Sing Banking Group Loan growth was significantly above market, with overall growth for the year of 16.4%, and advances to customers at the year-end totalling HK$32.5 billion. The loan growth came both from our personal banking business as well as our commercial banking business, with retail and commercial mortgages and trade finance as particular areas of growth.
Credit cost continued its improving trend with overall provisioning charges falling significantly in 2004. It was particularly encouraging to see a further reduction in credit card charge-offs, with the charge-off rate at the end of 2004 dropping to a level similar to 2000, which was the start of the increase in credit cost in the retail sector.
Our wealth management business continued to grow strongly during the year, with record levels of fee income from the sale of both debt and equity related wealth management products, as well as structured deposits for both retail and private banking customers.
Deposit growth was strong during the year. We also took the opportunity towards the end of the year to issue a total of US$300 million of fixed and floating 5-year senior notes due in 2009 under the Medium Term Note Programme of Dah Sing Bank, through Dah Sing MTN Financing Limited being its wholly-owned subsidiary.
Competitive loan pricing and declining yields on assets and surplus funds investments during the year resulted in a decline in the net interest margin from 3.21% to 2.92%.

Under the Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement between Mainland China and Hong Kong, we were able to open our first Mainland China branch, in Shenzhen, in June 2004. We have been encouraged by its early 
Board of Directors In conjunction with the listing of the Dah Sing Banking Group on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in the first half of 2004, Messrs. David R.
Hinde, Andrew Kwan-Yuen Leung, John W. Simpson and Robert Tsai-To Sze were appointed as independent non-executive directors of the Company, and Mr. Sohei Sasaki was appointed as a non-executive director.
Messrs. David Shou-Yeh Wong and Hon-Hing Wong (Derek Wong) were appointed Chairman and Chief Executive respectively, and Mr. Gary Pak- Ling Wang, Mr. Lung-Man Chiu (John Chiu), Mr. Harold Tsu-Hing Wong and Mr. Dennis Tat-Wang Yau were appointed as Executive Directors.
Subsequent to the year-end, Mr. Takashi Muraoka was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company on 15th March 2005, succeeding Mr. Sohei Sasaki, who resigned at the same date.
I would like to welcome the new Directors to the Board and believe their expertise and extensive experience will be of great value to the Group. I would also like to express my gratitude to the departing Director, Mr. Sohei Sasaki, for his valuable contribution during his tenure on the Board.

Economic conditions in Hong Kong in 2005 are forecast to be broadly positive, with government forecasts for real GDP growth of around 4.5% to 5.5% for the year. Retail sales have shown a good performance in the early stages of the year, assisted by the substantial increase in Individual Mainland Travellers, and generally closer integration, and property prices are at significantly higher levels than a year ago.
The growth of the Pan Pearl River Delta region looks set to continue, and the economic integration between Hong Kong and Mainland China continues to gather momentum. We see this as a positive trend for the years to come.

Whilst market loan growth is expected to be mildly positive in 2005, as the economic recovery continues, loan pricing remains very competitive, and funding costs are expected to rise during the year as the effect of increases in US interest rates flows through to Hong Kong dollar rates. Therefore, whilst we are cautiously optimistic on the outlook for our business in 2005, we also believe that there are challenges to be faced in the coming year, particularly as regards our net interest margin. The improved economy and the return of inflation have also started to put upward pressure on costs, and this trend is unlikely to reverse during the 
We believe that the separate listing of the Dah Sing Banking Group has positioned us to meet the challenges and opportunities of the market, and has given us a platform to be able to continue to expand our business in the years to come. The separate listing was awarded Hong Kong Equity Deal of the Year by IFR Asia Magazine.
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all our colleagues for their hard work and commitment over the past year.
We remain committed to the growth of our banking business, and look forward to continuing our efforts to become a Financial Services Provider of Choice .
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 15th March 2005 