Chairman s Statement 
In 2012, Asia remained the most dynamic region in the world. We benefitted both from our location in Asia, as well as from a strict focus on our core businesses to deliver record results for the year.
We made significant progress in our core businesses in 2012, and reported a strong performance in 2012, with a record profit attributable to shareholders of HK$1,411 million for the year. Loan growth, including trade bills, was just under 10%, funded mainly by an increase in customer deposits and certificates of deposit. All major operating income items reported growth. Net interest income grew both due to higher volumes of interest earning assets, and due to a higher net interest margin during the year. We made significant progress during the year in improving our non-interest income, driven largely by improvements in wealth management and bancassurance revenues, treasury, securities services and general banking related 
Although headline operating expenses grew by around 20%, it should be noted that a major portion of the year on year increase relates to the effect of the write back of certain provisions relating to settlement of Lehman Minibond cases in 2011, which were not repeated in 2012.
Eliminating the impact of these operating expense provisions, normalized operating expenses grew by a high single digit percentage.
Loan impairment losses and other credit provisions fell, indicating the benign credit quality of our loan book and the generally robust financial positions of our customers during the period.
Bank of Chongqing continued to perform very well with a contribution of HK$491 million for the year, an increase of 39% over the prior year.
CAPITAL AND REGULATION Our capital position remained strong, with the overall capital adequacy ratio of our Banking Group at 14.9%, and our core equity tier 1 at 10.3%. Based on the capital rules including the transition arrangement consistent with the Basel III capital standards prescribed by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, we are confident that we will be able to operate at capital levels in 2013 meeting the HKMA and the new Basel III capital rules that have come into effect from 1 January 2013.

The Board of Directors of Dah Sing Banking Group Limited (from L to R ) Mr. Derek Wong, Mr. Kazutake Kobayahsi, Mr. Robert Sze, Mr. Andrew Leung, Mr. David Wong, Mr. Harold Wong, Mr. Seng-Lee Chan, Mr. Yuen-Tin Ng, Mr. Gary Wang.

On 1 April 2012, Mr. Lon Dounn resigned as an Independent Non- Executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company due to his appointment as an Independent Non-Executive Director of Dah Sing Financial Holdings Limited, the Company s holding company. On the same date, Mr. Yuen-Tin Ng was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director and a member of the Audit 
On 14 July 2012, Mr. Lung-Man Chiu (John Chiu) retired as an Executive Director of the Company and his other roles and directorship in the Group.
The Board extends a warm welcome to Mr. Ng in joining the Board, and expresses its appreciation to Mr. Dounn for his contributions, and in particular to Mr. Chiu his long service and contributions to the Board s deliberations and the Company s development during his tenure of service with the Company, and conveys its best wishes to him for his retirement.

A gathering of the Board members of Dah Sing Financial Holdings Limited and Dah Sing Banking Group Limited : Front row (from L to R) Mr. Seng-Lee Chan, Mr. Robert Sze, Mr. Hidekazu Horikoshi, Mr. Andrew Leung, Mr. David Wong, Mr. Seiji Nakamura, Mr. Harold Wong, Mr. Lon Dounn, Dr. Tai-Lun Sun Back row (from L to R) Mr. Nicholas Mayhew, Mr. Derek Wong, Mr. Kazutake Kobayashi, Dr. Yuan Shu, Mr. John Chow, Mr. Yuen-Tin Ng, Mr. Gary Wang 
Whilst global growth remains somewhat below trend at present, we are fortunate to be located in Asia, the most dynamic region in the world. Mainland China s economy has experienced a soft landing , and with Mr. Xi Jinping as the new President and Mr. Li Keqiang as the new Premier in 2013, we are much encouraged by the new policy measures of China to further promote urbanization, sustainable economic development, tackling pollution and improving people s quality of life, and we are hopeful that stability and growth will continue for the foreseeable future.
New leaders in Japan and Korea were also elected in late 2012 and early 2013, and more stimulative monetary and economic policies are being pursued. In particular, the resolve by the new Japanese leaders to adopt new policy measures to stimulate economic growth and implement actions to help defuse deflationary expectations have already caused a marked weakening in the Japanese Yen, which will likely bring about significant impact to the Japanese economy in the near to medium term, and also new challenges to the global and regional economies. Similarly, the Korean Won has weakened in 2013. These, together with the internationalization and gradual strengthening of the RMB, will bring both challenges and opportunities to Asia in general, and to our business.

FUTURE PROSPECTS (Continued) Quantitative easing implemented principally in the US had helped stabilize economic performance in the recent past. Concerns going forward include the challenges that would be caused by the withdrawal of the quantitative easing measures, as the developed economies gradually recover, in addition to the challenges brought about by the on-going low interest rate environment, new regulations, and the increase in compliance and risk management costs.
Prospects in the Pearl River Delta and Macau remain good in the long term, and we look forward to solidifying the foundations that we have built. Whilst in Hong Kong, economic growth this year is forecast to remain modest in the range of 1.5-3.5%, we believe that the underlying conditions are stable, and with low unemployment, will provide opportunities for growth in the years to come.
We are therefore cautiously optimistic about the economies in which we operate for the coming year. Nevertheless, we remain vigilant as to any risks arising, particularly in terms of any sustained rise in bad debts in the Mainland market. Local liquidity conditions remain good, and we do not see any major signs of stress at present in Hong Kong or Macau. We continue to implement the medium term strategy with a focus on core customers, deposit cost management, service quality, wealth management and bancassurance, and the development of our Mainland China and cross-border businesses, in addition to our core Hong Kong hub.
Although internationally, Basel III remains challenging for many banks, we believe that the Hong Kong banking market, including ourselves, is well prepared for the changes to the capital regime introduced with effect from 1 January 2013, and that this should not present major issues. Indeed, internationally, we feel that Asia is the area which will most readily be able to accommodate the increased capital requirements, bearing in mind the relatively high levels of capital held by banks in the region.
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend, on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all of our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past year, and also our appreciation of the support from our customers and 
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 20 March 2013 
