Chairman s Statement 
In the second half of 2008, economic conditions continued to deteriorate, both in Hong Kong and globally. Whilst growth in Mainland China remained positive, there were signs of a slowdown, particularly in the export sector, despite the announcement of a substantial stimulus package. Similarly, in Macau, the economy has slowed significantly after several years of above trend growth.
Conditions in the banking sector globally have remained extremely difficult, with bailouts of a number of major global financial institutions having taken place.
Against this backdrop, with the increasingly likely outcome of the first global recession for many years, our results for the full year 2008 were disappointing. The Group reported a decrease in profits for the year, with profit attributable to shareholders of HK$189 million, a decrease of 76% compared with the previous year. Whilst net interest income remained robust, growing by around 7%, fee income was weak, principally due to reduced activity in the wealth 
Profit before impairment charges was down by 14% to HK$1,459 million, due mainly to much weaker fee and commission income.
The major reason for the substantial reduction in profit was due to sharp increases in overall impairment charges on loans, as well as continued high impairment charges on securities investment over the previous year. In aggregate, impairment charges for loans and securities totalled HK$1,314 million, an increase of 8% compared with the previous year.
During the year, we were pleased to complete the acquisition of a further 3% in Bank of Chongqing, bringing our total shareholding to 20%. However, as the transaction was completed in October 2008, we only recorded the additional contribution to our results for a period of just over two months during the year.

Lending volumes remained relatively flat. Whilst loan demand weakened considerably in the second half of the year, we were able to continue business to support our customers as appropriate, with the result that aggregate loan volumes for the year were similar to 2007. Despite the difficult market environment, our customer deposits grew 4% year on year.
Dah Sing Bank s wholly owned and locally incorporated subsidiary bank in China, Dah Sing Bank (China) Limited, commenced business on 1 August 2008. This subsidiary bank is headquartered in Shenzhen, with a sub-branch in Shenzhen and a branch in 
The inauguration ceremony of Dah Sing Bank (China) Limited on 5 December 2008 was attended by Mr. John C. Tsang (left 6) , Financial Secretary of the Government of the HKSAR, Mr. L Rui Feng (right 5) , Vice Mayor of The People s Government of Shenzhen Municipality, Mr. Y.K. Choi (left 4) , Deputy Chief Executive of HKMA, Mr. Luan Feng (right 1) , Deputy Director General of CBRC Shenzhen Office, Mr. Liu Xueqiang (right 4) , Secretary General of CPC Shenzhen Municipality Luohu District Committee, Mr. LiLin (right 3) , Director General of Office of Financial Development Service of the People s Government of Shenzhen Municipality, Ms. Zheng Wei (right 2) , Vice President of PBOC Shenzhen Central Sub-Branch, in addition to Mr. David S.Y. Wong (left 7) , the Chairman, and other directors of Dah Sing Groups including Messrs. Andrew Kwan-Yuen Leung (left 5) , Derek Wong (left 3) , Keisuke Tahara (left 2) and John Wai-Wai Chow (left 1) .

Board of Directors During the year, Mr. Seng-Lee Chan was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. Chan brings to the Board his rich expertise and insight, as well as a sound knowledge in the Asian markets, particularly in China.
I would like to welcome Mr. Chan in joining the Board and believe his expertise and extensive experience will be of value to the Group.

Recent economic data has indicated that the current economic downturn is likely to be one of the most severe in recent years.
Whilst the Mainland China economy continues to record healthy rates of growth, and the stimulus measures announced recently are expected to be supportive of the economy, it would not be prudent to expect that this will overcome the more general global economic 
Therefore, our strategy into 2009 will be one of caution. However, we must also be mindful that in times of adversity there are often opportunities, and that in the medium to longer term we expect that our market presence in Hong Kong, Mainland and Macau, and the continued long term prospects for the China market will enable us to continue to grow our business in future years.
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past year, and also our appreciation of the support of our customers.
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 25 March 2009 