Chairman s Statement 
Our core businesses had a steady year in 2014. Performance in Hong Kong and Macau was good, whilst Mainland China was mixed.
Against a backdrop of slowing growth in China, we reported another year of record profits, with an increase of 16% in profit attributable to shareholders to HK$2,034 million.
The key drivers were strong performance from our core Commercial, Retail and Treasury businesses in Hong Kong, a record profit from our Macau subsidiary bank, Banco Comercial de Macau, and a steady contribution from our investment in Bank of Chongqing, which offset a weaker performance from our China subsidiary bank. It is encouraging that as we continue to pursue our back to basics strategy, our profitability, as well as our profit, continued to improve, with a return on equity of 11%.
After the rights issue of the Company, supported by Dah Sing Financial Holdings Limited s own rights issue, completed in the second quarter of 2014, our capital position continued to strengthen, with our overall Capital Adequacy Ratio of 16.3%, and Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 11.4% as at 31 December 2014.
We were also well prepared for the new liquidity rules that came into effect on 1 January 2015, and continue to maintain our liquidity ratio at much above the regulatory minimum level. Whilst the process of regulatory change under Basel III has yet to be completed, it is notable that in dollar terms, our CET1 is now more than double the equivalent Core Capital that we maintained in 2007, before the main impact of the financial crisis. This demonstrates how much our capital base has been strengthened over the past few years.

The Board of Directors of Dah Sing Banking Group Limited (from Left to Right): Mr. Derek Wong, Mr. Shoji Hirai, Mr. Robert Sze, Mr. Andrew Leung, Mr. David Wong, Mr. Harold Wong, Mr. Seng-Lee Chan, Mr. Yuen-Tin Ng and Mr. Gary Wang.

CHANGES IN BOARD MEMBERS DURING THE YEAR There was no change in the Board composition of the Company during the year. Mr. Hon-Hing Wong (Derek Wong) resigned as a member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company with effect from 15 September 2014, but remains as an Executive Director and the Vice Chairman of the Company.

We continue to live in uncertain times. Whilst there are some encouraging signs in 2015, notably the continuing recovery of the US economy, other developments mean that we should be cautious.
Risks that may affect us during the year include the slowdown in the Mainland China economy, and the credit risk that this may bring, as well as the continuing volatility in financial markets, and the possible change in the policy direction of the Federal Reserve, as it considers whether to start to raise interest rates after an extended period of Federal Funds rates close to zero. All of these potential developments 
However, we should not forget that our core market is Hong Kong, and of our banking subsidiaries, our Macau bank is still bigger than our Mainland China bank. Conditions in both Hong Kong and Macau remain steady, and credit quality is extremely good, so we are not overly pessimistic about 2015. Our investment in Bank of Chongqing continues to perform well.

A group photo of the Directors and Company Secretary of Dah Sing Financial Group before a Board Meeting.

FUTURE PROSPECTS (Continued) In the longer term, we continue to see our base in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Macau as one that we can build on, for the benefit of our shareholders, customers and staff alike.
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend, on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all of our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past year, and also our appreciation of the support from our customers and 
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 25 March 2015 
