Chairman s Statement 
Economic conditions in Hong Kong in 2007 remained positive with continuing growth in GDP, as well as a fall in the unemployment rate during the year. In contrast, economic conditions in the US deteriorated in the second half of the year, particularly with more signs of stress in the US housing market, difficulties in the broader economy, and increased volatility in financial 
The economies of both the Mainland and Macau, our other core areas of business, also performed extremely well during the year, with GDP growth of approximately 11.4% for the Mainland, and of 27% for Macau, although in the second half of the year, various cooling measures were introduced to contain the increasing rate of inflation and the rapid rate of economic growth in the Mainland.
Profit attributable to shareholders of HK$800 million decreased by 33% compared with the previous year. The decrease in earnings was attributable to the impairment charge against our externally managed leveragedstructured investment portfolio.
Excluding the impairment charge, our core banking business performed strongly, with total loan growth for the year of 21%, and a stronger non-interest income mainly due to higher wealth management contribution. Commercial banking led loan volume growth again during the year, after a number of years of strong expansion, whilst retail lending also grew, although at a less rapid pace. Our Macau business also reported a strong operating 
In April 2007, following the receipt of the relevant regulatory approvals, we completed the acquisition of a 17% shareholding in Chongqing Commercial Bank, which was subsequently renamed as Bank of Chongqing .

Board of Directors During the year, Mr. Keisuke Tahara, succeeding the resigned Mr. Kosuke Furukawa, was appointed as a non-executive Director to represent the indirect interest of The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. in the Company.
In addition, Mr. Frederic Suet-Chiu Lau was appointed as an executive Director of the Company on 28 March 2007 whilst Mr. Dennis Tat-Wang Yau stepped down as an executive Director but continued to serve the Board in a non-executive role until his retirement from the Board, which took effect from 20 April 2007.
I would like to welcome the new Directors to the Board and believe their expertise and extensive experience will be of great value to the Group. I would also like to express my gratitude to the departing Directors, for their valuable contribution during their tenure on the 
Economic data from the US is already indicating a significant slowdown in the world s largest economy. Whilst conditions in Hong Kong and Mainland China remain robust, with strong economic growth, it is inevitable that a slowdown or recession in the US will have an impact on the global economy, including Asia. Also, conditions in financial markets remain volatile.
We therefore intend to proceed cautiously in 2008, with due regard to how economic and business conditions develop over the course of the year. In the medium term we remain confident about economic prospects for the markets in which we operate, and look forward to continued growth.

In 2007, Dah Sing Bank celebrated its 60th anniversary which marked an important milestone in the Group s development.

Dah Sing Bank celebrated its 60th anniversary on 1 May 2007, an important milestone of the Group s development. Despite the current challenges facing the global economy, particularly in the US, we continue to believe that the medium and long term prospects of the Greater China region remain bright, and the foundation we have built over the years to expand in the region, to provide better services and products to our customers, will generate long-term value for our shareholders.
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past 
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 25 March 2008 