Chairman s Statement 
2010 was a year of recovery from the aftermath of the global financial crisis. With the benefit of robust economic growth in Hong Kong and Mainland China, loan demand was strong whilst liquidity in the market was ample and credit cost was benign. Against a more favourable economic backdrop, our performance in 2010 was much stronger than in 2009. Our businesses in Hong Kong and Macau enjoyed steady growth during the year. The growth of our business in China, both the banking business under our direct control and the business of our associated company, Bank of Chongqing, was particularly robust, thanks to the strong economic performance of China in 2010.
We have devoted effort not only to grow our businesses, but also to improve the quality of our services, design of our products and to ensure compliance with the more stringent 
requirements during the year. I am glad that our efforts in 2010 were rewarded, with profit attributable to 
from HK$601 million to HK$1,074 million, an increase of 79%.

In 2010, loan growth in our banking businesses was rapid, increasing by 27% relative to the loan balance at the end of 2009.
With the strong loan growth, we also made efforts to increase our deposit balances, and achieved growth of 11% in customer deposits year on year.

Dah Sing Bank s wholly owned subsidiary, Dah Sing Bank (China) Limited ( DSB (China) ), now operates in four cities in China, with a network comprising the Shenzhen headquarters, and branches in Shanghai, Nanchang and Zhenjiang. We are expecting our new Guangzhou branch to open in the first half of 2011 whilst the opening of other branches is under active consideration.
Notwithstanding its less substantial profit contribution to the group at present, DSB (China) s strong momentum of growth of both loan volume and deposits in 2010 gives us confidence in its potential in 
To help fund our business growth and strengthen our shareholders equity, the Company completed its rights issues in December 2010, raising new capital of HK$1 billion (the Rights Issues ).
As the new equity raised by the Rights Issue had not yet been injected by the Company to its banking subsidiaries as additional regulatory capital at the end of 2010, our Core Tier 1 capital adequacy and total capital adequacy ratios was 10.2% and 16.3% respectively as at 31 December 2010, similar to the levels in 2009.

Board of Directors On 6 December 2010, Mr. Lonnie Dounn was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Dounn has over 30 years of extensive experience in the banking industry and had assumed various senior executive positions in credit and risk management in a number of reputable banks. I believe that Mr. Dounn will contribute to the improvement of our risk management and business management. We welcome Mr. Dounn as a new member of the Board of the Company.
On 1 January 2011, Mr. Frederic Suet-Chiu Lau was re-designated as a Non-Executive Director of the Company due to his resignation from executive role in the Company and its subsidiaries.

2010 was a year of global recovery from the unprecedented financial tsunami that had threatened international financial stability.
Although Asia, particularly China, appeared resilient, there were still many issues facing economies in other parts of the world around the end of 2010. The post-crisis regulatory environment has become much more stringent, with further regulatory changes expected in the coming years. Although we do not see immediate major problems ahead for the economy in the Greater China Region, there are a number of challenges such as continuing market volatility, rising inflation and the timing on the increases in interest rates, which may result in moderating the growth of the global economy.
However, we see attractive prospects from the continuing economic development of the Mainland, together with the closer interaction and cooperation between Hong Kong, Macau and Guangdong province. Hong Kong is already developing rapidly as an offshore RMB centre, with increasing cross border trade flows denominated in RMB, as well as increasing pools of RMB liquidity building up in Hong Kong. We are optimistic that this economic development, closer regional cooperation, and offshore RMB business will continue to increase, and that this will bring opportunities to the banking sector in Hong Kong.
A wide-ranging agreement was signed between Hong Kong government and Guangdong provincial government in April 2010 for the establishment of a new world-class economic zone. With increasing economic development and cooperation of the greater Guangdong-HongKong-Macau region, and support from the Central Government on promoting further development in the key service industries of Hong Kong and Macau, and particularly on enhancing Hong Kong s status as an international financial centre as reaffirmed in the 12th 5-year development plan of China, we see exciting future business opportunities in an increasingly powerful economic zone with over 100 million people.

We are geographically and economically well situated, with business and branch network coverage in Hong Kong, Macau and Guangdong province. We shall continue to upgrade our services and products to our customers in the region, enhance the quality and skills of our staff, and further strengthen our information technology and risk management capabilities, all of which are crucial to creating value to our shareholders and customers, and consistent with our strategy of Growing with the Asian Region .
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past year, and also our appreciation of the support from our customers 
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 23 March 2011 
