Chairman s Statement 
Economic conditions in Hong Kong continued to strengthen during the year, with a robust GDP growth of 6.8% in 2006, marking the third consecutive year of recovery. The labour market continued to improve, with the unemployment rate falling to a 6-year low of 4.4% by the end of 2006. The property market was steady during the course of the year, and the Hang Seng Index rising considerably towards the year end.
During the year, consumer price inflation remained benign, with only mild inflationary pressure being 
The economies of both the Mainland and Macau, our other core areas of business, also performed extremely well during the year, with GDP growth of approximately 11% for the Mainland, and of 16% 
Against the background of good economic growth, we were able to grow our business organically at a strong pace in 2006. For the year, our operating profit after loan impairment grew by 47% to HK$1.3 billion, our profit attributable to shareholders grew by 22% to HK$1.2 billion, our EPS grew by 21% from HK$1.06 to HK$1.28, and our total assets grew by 14% from HK$90 billion to HK$102 billion. These are record results for our group, and form a solid foundation for the years to come.
We continued to further our Mainland strategy, with the announcement towards the year end that we had agreed to acquire, subject to regulatory approvals, a 17% shareholding in Chongqing 
Our business performed strongly, with total loan growth for the year of 11%, against growth in the Hong Kong market of 6.7%.
Commercial banking led growth in the first half of the year, continuing several years of strong growth, with a relatively weaker performance from our retail banking business. In the second half of the year, renewed efforts in the Hong Kong domestic mortgage market, coupled with continuing growth in the unsecured loan and credit card businesses resulted in an improved performance from retail banking, and by the year end, both our core commercial and retail banking businesses reported growth significantly ahead of the 
Our fee income business performed well during the year, particularly as a result of strong equity markets which were beneficial to our wealth management business.
The integration of the two acquisitions made in 2005, Banco Comercial de Macau, S.A. ( BCM ) and Pacific Finance (Hong Kong) Limited ( PF ) have now been completed. BCM s net profit grew very substantially by 30% to MOP117 million in 2006, and this acquisition is now delivering earnings enhancement to our group.
The business of PF has now been fully incorporated into Dah Sing Bank, and PF therefore no longer reports its results separately from those of Dah Sing Bank. However, on a business unit basis, the former PF businesses generated a return of 10.7% on the acquisition cost, net of dividends received, which is earnings enhancing for our group.
Credit quality overall remained good, with impairment charges rising slightly, due mainly to higher individual loan impairment charges relating mainly to our commercial banking business and to loan increases in credit cards and unsecured personal loans which broadly balanced a lower collective impairment charge rate due to improved credit conditions.
We continued to build our China business, and towards the end of the year we announced that we had agreed to purchase, subject to regulatory approvals, a 17% stake in Chongqing Commercial Bank, the leading city commercial bank in Chongqing, the largest city in Western China, and one of only four municipalities in the PRC reporting directly to the central government, the others being Beijing, Shanghai and Tianjin. We also noted the changes announced by the China Banking Regulatory Commission towards the year end allowing for the incorporation of a local subsidiary in the PRC to conduct banking business, and established a working group to analyse the benefits of expanding under a PRC subsidiary.

Board of Directors During the year up to the date of this report, Messrs. Keisuke Tahara, succeeding Kosuke Furukawa who resigned in March 2007 and Takashi Muraoka who resigned in August 2006, was appointed as a non-executive Director to represent the interest of The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. in the Company.
In addition, Mr. Frederic Suet-Chiu Lau was appointed as a new executive Director of the Company on 28 March 2007, whilst Mr.
Dennis Tat-Wang Yau continued as a member of the Board but in a non-executive role after his retirement from Dah Sing Bank, a key operating subsidiary of the Company, earlier in 2007.
I would like to welcome the new Directors to the Board and believe their expertise and extensive experience will be of great value to the Group. I would also like to express my gratitude to the departing Directors, for their valuable contribution during their tenure on the 
After a robust economic performance in Hong Kong in 2006, we are looking forward to the continuation of relatively stable and positive economic conditions in 2007. However, loan growth in the domestic banking market in Hong Kong is likely to remain relatively slow and price competition in core lending areas is expected to remain intense. Margins will be influenced by prevailing interest rate conditions, which although still benign at present could have some risk to the downside, particularly as we have already seen some reduction in the PrimeHibor spread in the early part of 2007.
The market in Macau continues to be robust, and we expect that in 2007, the rate of growth in Macau will be faster than in Hong Kong.
Several large hotel, gaming and property projects are scheduled to come on stream during the course of 2007, which will increase capacity in the gaming and tourism industries, two key economic sectors in Macau.
We expect to complete our acquisition of 17% interest of Chongqing Commercial Bank during the first half of 2007, and we also expect to determine our organic strategy for growth in the Mainland market, and our plans for the establishment of a locally incorporated banking subsidiary in the Mainland.

Dah Sing Bank will be celebrating its 60th anniversary on 1 May 2007, an important milestone of the Group s development. We intend to continue to leverage on our resources and the foundation we have built over the years to expand in the region, to provide better services and products to our customers, and to generate long-term value for our shareholders.
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past 
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 28 March 2007 