Chairman s Statement 
In 2013, global economic development was mixed. The US economy continued to show signs of gradual improvement and the Federal Reserve commenced tapering of its QE programme, which gave rise to some market volatility, whilst Europe was broadly stable. Mainland China economic growth slowed, and conditions in Hong Kong and Macau remained stable.
Against this backdrop, we are pleased to report record profit for 2013.
The Group reported its highest ever core profit, with profit attributable to shareholders increasing by 18.6% year on year to HK$1,756 million, mainly the result of a very strong increase, at 29%, in operating income, with the strong growth in all core revenue lines. It is extremely encouraging to see that the Group s operating profit after impairment losses increased by 45% during the year, and our ROE improved from 10.3% to 10.8%.
Over the past few years, we have embarked on a new strategy for our banking business, with an objective of profitable growth for the long term interests of our shareholders. So far this strategy has been successful and has been delivering stronger financial performance.

Mr. David S.Y. Wong, Chairman of Dah Sing Financial Group (front row 5th from left), the management team and the other guests presented the Trophy to the owner, jockey and trainer of the winning horse Wayfoong Express after the DSFH 25th Listing Anniversary Cup race.

CAPITAL AND REGULATION Whilst our current levels of capital are above regulatory requirements, a stronger capital base will better position us to capture the various growth opportunities present in the market. Also, under the new Basel III regime, regulatory capital requirements both in Hong Kong and globally are likely to continue to rise in the next few years, as the requirements are fully phased in. For these reasons, we believe it is beneficial to shareholders in the long term to strengthen our capital base, and with the support of Dah Sing Financial Holdings Limited ( DSFH ), the major shareholder and holding company of the Company, we have announced our rights issue to raise approximately HK$1.2 billion. The proceeds are intended to strengthen the capital base of Dah Sing Bank. We believe that it is beneficial to shareholders in the long term to strengthen the capital base now. The new equity capital raising exercise is designed to be sufficient for sustainable growth in the coming years.

Closing price of Hang Seng Index on 31 December 
Closing prices of Dah Sing Financial Holdings Limited (Stock code: 440) and Dah Sing Banking Group Limited (Stock code: 2356) on 31 December 
On 14 August 2013, Mr. Kazutake Kobayashi resigned as a Non- Executive Director of the Company having taken on a new posting outside of Hong Kong with his employer The Bank of Tokyo- Mitsusbishi UFJ, Ltd. Mr. Shoji Hirai was appointed as his successor on the same date.
The Board expresses its appreciation to Mr. Kobayashi for his contributions to the Company and warmly welcomes Mr. Hirai.

The global outlook for 2014 is somewhat uncertain. Whilst the US continues to forecast growth in GDP, economic growth in Europe remains slow. Emerging markets are also facing some pressure.
The PRC economy continues to maintain higher growth rates relative to overall global growth, but at a somewhat slower pace than its past trajectory. In the early part of the year, we have already seen uncertainty caused by the beginning of the tapering of asset purchases by the US Federal Reserve, volatility in emerging markets, instability in Ukraine, and an unexpected reversal in the appreciation of the value of the RMB.
All of these uncertainties remind us to take a cautious approach to growth and capital in the year ahead. As well as market and credit risk, we are also mindful of the possible effect on liquidity of the US tapering in our local markets, and therefore continue to build our deposit base and maintain an adequate liquidity ratio and cash and liquid asset reserves.
Prospects in the Pearl River Delta and Macau remain good in the long term, and we look forward to solidifying the foundations that we have built in the region. Closer economic integration in the Greater China region and Hong Kong s position as a primary centre for offshore Renminbi financial services will open up new avenues for business.
Domestically in Hong Kong and Macau, whilst current trends in volume growth are slower than in PRC and PRC related businesses, credit quality remains sound. Bank of Chongqing continues to perform well, and we note the outlook for stronger growth in the Western part of the PRC, compared with the country as a whole.

FUTURE PROSPECTS (Continued) In a rapidly changing economic and regulatory environment, our strategic priorities are designed to provide quality products and services to our customers and drive the sustainable growth of our businesses. We continue to see opportunities for growth in all of our core markets and core businesses. Given the unclear global outlook, we will pursue those opportunities and growth in a cautious manner and with proper attention to risk. Upholding high corporate governance and risk management standards remains central to our corporate culture and is an important part of shaping our business for 
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend, on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all of our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past year, and also our appreciation of the support from our customers and 
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 26 March 2014 
Joining in the DHLSCMP Hong Kong Business Awards 2013 presentation are (from left to right) Mr. Arthur Yuen, Deputy Chief Executive of Hong Kong Monetary Authority, Mr. Harold Wong, Managing Director and Chief Executive of Dah Sing Banking Group Limited Group General Manager of Dah Sing Financial Holdings Limited and recipient of the Executive Award and Mr. David S. Y. Wong, Chairman of Dah Sing Financial Group.

