Chairman s Statement 
The Group continued to maintain strong growth momentum in the year under review, driven by widening applications of optical products and instruments, increasing product competitiveness and continued support from globally renowned customers.

The Group is pleased to present the first set of annual results to shareholders after its successful listing (the Listing ) on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) on 15 
The Group continued to maintain strong growth momentum in the year under review, driven by widening applications of optical products and instruments, increasing product competitiveness and continued support from globally renowned customers. For the year ended 31 December 2007, revenue of the Group amounted to RMB1,381.9 million, representing an increase of 53.4% over the previous year. Gross profit margin was maintained at a stable level of 27.3%, as compared to 27.5% in the previous year. Profit attributable to equity holders rose 92.3% year-on-year to RMB225.4 million. The Group is in a solid financial position. As of 31 December 2007, it had a net cash of approximately RMB543.7 million with no external debt.
In view of the impressive business performance, the Board of Directors (the Board ) proposed payment of a final dividend of RMB0.021 (equivalent approximately to HK$0.022) per share.

Year 2007 was a remarkable year, during which the Group achieved several major milestones on operational and technical development levels. Gross proceeds amounted to HK$764.0 million from the Listing enabled us to expand production capacity, enhance research and development, retain a team of dedicated talent and strengthen our capital base for further development. It also brought us to a higher level of corporate governance and internal management that comply with international standards.
On operational front, the Group increased its competitiveness by enhancing its supply chain management during the year under review. It optimised production efficiency and shortened production cycle to facilitate timely delivery under a tight schedule. The Group utilised its vertically integrated design and production capabilities to deliver advanced, high quality and cost competitive products. It had successfully applied the chip-on-board ( COB ) technology to manufacture smaller-sized handset camera modules with better image quality at lower costs. These products enabled the Group to stand on an elevated business platform to explore business opportunities with global cellphone manufacturers.

The Group also made further inroads in expanding its customer base in the PRC. It has become the first tier supplier to some major China brand cellphone players, such as Huawei, ZTE and Lenovo. Fuelled by rapid economic growth, rising penetration of camera mobile phones with innovative functions, we are confident of the development of the global mobile phones market. With the third-generation mobile communication technology s ( 3G ) era approaching, our optoelectronic business and optical business are well positioned to benefit under this favourable 
The widening applications of optical and optoelectronic products offer immense opportunities to the Group. We seized opportunities arising from the growing demand for automobile optical systems with a range of products designed for automobile use. In addition, the rising living standard in PRC has boosted the demand for closed circuit television ( CCTV ), thereby increasing the demand for optoelectronic products. The Group launched a number of optical systems for automobiles, such as front-view lenses and rear-view lenses. Samples of these products were also offered to several internationally renowned companies.
Awards and Accolades Attesting to our high quality products, strong product R&D capabilities and superior customer services are a number of recognition awarded by some of our major clients. The following awards were given to the optoelectronic 
" 2007 Best Supplier to Lenovo Mobile Communication Technology 
" 2007 Best Strategic Partner of Han Wang Technology Co., Ltd.
" 2007 Outstanding Supplier to Skyworth s Mobile Communication 
" 2007 Outstanding Supplier to Ningbo Sanxing Communication Equipment Co., Ltd.
" 2007 Outstanding Supplier to Beijing Tianyu Communication Equipment Co., Ltd.
The optical component business also achieved remarkable performance, marked by the following awards: " Green Partner Certification by Sony Corporation " 2007 Outstanding Social Responsibility Award by China Association of Enterprise with Foreign Investment 
Going forward, the Group expects the overall market conditions faced by the Group to remain challenging. Optical components and optoelectronic products will continue to be the primary business focus of the Group in 2008. The Group will continue to expand its customer base, broaden its product portfolio, strengthen its technologically advanced manufacturing facilities, maintain product and service quality levels and offer flexible and reliable delivery of products at competitive prices. The Group will also further strengthen its supply chain management to control costs and 
The Group s strategy is to be a key supplier of optical and optical- related products to renowned brands, also called Mengpeijiao strategy, and to capitalise on opportunities that arise from the rapid growth of the optoelectronic industry in the PRC.

The many accomplishments in the year of 2007 attributed to the joint efforts of our employees. I would like to express my gratitude to the commitment, hard working and outstanding performance of our employees, and the continued support of our shareholders, customers and suppliers.
We are committed to bringing fruitful returns to shareholders by delivering sustainable business growth.

Hong Kong, 6 April 2008 