Chairman s Statement 
Mr. YE Liaoning 
The Company is pleased to present to the shareholders the annual report for 2015. Taking advantage of the favourable opportunities arising from the further upgrading of handset camera products used in the smartphone industry and the rapid development of the vehicle imaging field, the Group achieved sound growth in overall results, thus delivering promising returns for our shareholders in 2015.

In 2015, the world economy maintained a slight moderate growth, but the economic situations of the world s major economies continued to differentiate. As the world s major economy, China suffered pressure and pain from economic slowdown and restructuring. The consumer electronics industry with rapid development in the past 10 years or more also started to slack. In particular, the once thriving smartphone market has basically been saturated with a weak demand. However, the good news is that some internet companies flocked to enter the electronics industry, therefore triggering a catfish effect. Huge market pressure also pushed manufacturers to introduce innovative products constantly, in which boundless applications in the use of handset cameras were brought to light. Besides, with the increase in laws, regulations and demands for active safety, there is a growing demand for the vehicle imaging field with high expectations for its growth momentum. Being a leading handset lens sets and handset camera modules provider in China, as well as the largest vehicle lens sets supplier in the world, the Group has therefore benefited from the 
Despite facing with the macroeconomic and industrial pressure, the Group has timely adjusted its marketing strategies and has focused on technological innovation to upgrade its products. As a result, an overall positive development persisted with satisfactory advancement in its core businesses. The Group has managed to achieve good results as it based itself in the promising optoelectronic industry, has firmly implemented the Mingpeijiao ( TM) strategy, has upheld the three directional objectives of high technology, high value and high efficiency, has adhered to the transformation and the upgrade of modes of production, profit making and operation and has continued to follow four priorities, namely the management system with talents as the priority , the market system with information as the priority , the manufacturing system with data as the priority and the R&D system with speed as the priority . However, the Group would not be merely satisfied with what has been achieved. On the contrary, the Company will continue to invest resources and intensively develop its advantageous businesses to consolidate its leading position in the industry. In addition, the Company will intensify its cooperation with international high-tech companies and will make active deployment in new businesses and emerging industries to seek mid to long term healthy development by making full use of its technological 
With the concerted efforts of all staff, together with the right development strategy and sound execution capability, the Group made good achievements in 2015. In spite of operating difficulties amidst the complicated and changing market conditions, the management of the Company responded to the challenges without fear, and led all staff to adhere to its core corporate culture of Create Together , while constantly enhancing its customer base and optimising the product structure to ensure the competitiveness of all businesses and consolidate its leading position in the market. The overall results of the Group were in line with its anticipated growth.
The Group s revenues increased by approximately 26.9% during the financial year 2015 to approximately RMB10,696.2 million. Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company increased by approximately 34.5% to approximately RMB761.6 million, while basic earnings per share increased by approximately 34.0% to approximately RMB70.9 cents. The Board has proposed a final dividend of approximately RMB0.208 (equivalent to HK$0.249) (2014: approximately RMB0.155) per share.
AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS In 2015, the Group continued to invest in R&D and new technologies in light of the demand of our customers, and was mindful about raising the standard of its corporate governance and management. With the joint effort from our staff, the Group received several accreditations of significance from the society, including supplier awards from our customers and competitiveness awards from industrial associations and institutions. This is an indication that the products, services, technical capability, production capability, management capability and comprehensive competitiveness of the Group were highly recognised in the industries and by our customers. With such encouragement and acknowledgement, the Group would strive to provide our customers with better products and services, and would carry on the strategy of Transformation and Upgrade with determination.

In 2016, uncertainties are expected to persistently overcast the global and Chinese macroeconomic environments. The new normal of economic slowdown will continue in China, accompanied by intensified competition in the industry. Despite such difficulties, the Group is pleased to see end customers ambitiously increasing their investments to actively upgrade the specifications of existing products and trying their best in the development and application of innovative products. Under such circumstances, new business opportunities arising from new trends of image digitisation, universal interconnection and cognitive computing are forthcoming, and in turn will enable the Group, an optical expert in the optoelectronic field for over 30 years, to embark on a greater development platform with a brighter future.
Looking ahead, the Group will continue to persist in its strategy of Mingpeijiao ( TM), so as to build itself as one of the world s most prestigious optoelectronic enterprises. The Group aims to transform from an optical product manufacturer to a smart optical system solution provider, and from an instrument manufacturer to a system integrator. The Group will conduct endless exploration and pursuit in the optoelectronic field with great enthusiasm to boost the development of all its businesses with a vision to become a Hundred- Year-Old Brand in the optoelectronic industry.

The Group would like to express its appreciation to all staff for their outstanding contribution towards the Group s development. The Board wishes to sincerely thank the management for their dedication and diligence, and they are the key factors to secure the Group s continuous success in the future. Also, the Group wishes to extend its gratitude to the continuous support from its shareholders, customers, and business partners. The Group will continue to deliver sustainable business development, so as to meet its business objectives for 2016 and realise higher values for its shareholders and other stakeholders.

14 March 2016 