Chairman s Statement 
During the year, the Group achieved a favorable performance through the combined efforts of its diligent staff. Although the macro-economic environment was full of uncertainties, the speedy development of smartphones brought new development opportunities for the optical industry. The Group well equipped itself with sufficient resources and strengths in the past two years. During the year, the Group further integrated its advantageous resources, seized market opportunities and improved customer base and product structure, resulting in an excellent performance and a favorable improvement.
Moreover, Mr. Wang stated that it was the suitable timing for management handover. He has passed the commitment of Building a Stronger and Bigger Sunny Optical to Mr. Ye Liaoning, the new Chairman. In order to achieve the synergy of One Plus One Makes More Than Two in a good governance structure, he has passed the obligation of managing the operation of the Company to Mr. Sun Yang, the new Chief Executive Officer. He wished them every success in developing the Company in a faster and better way.

Sunny Optical Technology (Group) Company Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) is pleased to present to our shareholders the annual results report for 2011. Seizing the golden opportunity of the global booming development of smartphones, the Group has achieved a satisfactory overall growth in 2011.

In 2011, the global economy was facing mounting uncertainties triggered by the European debt crisis. However, the Company is pleased with the fact that the market demand for consumer electronic products remained strong and the market in China showed robust performance. Benefiting from the sustainable development of Digital Single Lens Reflex ( DSLR ) and the rapid growth of the smartphones, the optical components and optoelectronic products business segments of the Group performed remarkably well, especially the businesses of handset lens sets and camera modules achieved rapid growth. In view of the foregoing, the Company kept up with market demand closely, implemented its development strategy of Dedicated to and Focused on Existing Industries and Transformation and Upgrading , so as to accelerate the development of the existing and new businesses. Meanwhile, the Company also made great efforts to enhance the operating standards of its three major businesses and enhanced market development efforts, by capitalizing on the existing industry advantages. As a leading enterprise in the optical industry of China, the Group was well prepared in the year to meet the challenges and opportunities in 2012.
The Group took further development in customers and markets.
Currently, the Group has not only successfully entered into Nokia s supply chain, but has also become a preferred supplier to a number of well-known handset manufacturers in China. With its existing channel advantages, the Group will lay a solid foundation for its rapid development under the accelerating penetration rate of smartphones in China in the next two to three years. In addition, the Group also focuses on the global market and will set up an US subsidiary in the second quarter of 2012 as well as enhancing the marketing function of Taipei office.

Our three major business segments, namely optical components, optoelectronic products and optical instruments, accounted for approximately 45.1%, 47.8% and 7.1% of our revenue respectively.
Through incessant products and technology upgrade in its three major business segments, the Group strengthened its market competitiveness soundly and established its market leadership position in the respective high-end products. Meanwhile, the Group secured a sound development in its new businesses. During the year, the Group s security surveillance products and mid- to high-end optical analytical instruments have started their typical sales. Both of its infrared imaging business and vehicle lens set business made further 
During the year, the Group achieved a favorable performance through the combined efforts of its well-trained and diligent staff. Although the macro-economic environment was full of uncertainties, the speedy development of smartphones brought new development opportunities for the optical industry. The Group well equipped itself with sufficient resources and strengths in the past two years. During the year, the Group further integrated its advantageous resources, seized market opportunities and improved customer base and product mix, resulting in an excellent performance and a favorable improvement.
The Group s revenues increased by approximately 37.4% during the financial year 2011 to approximately RMB2,498.5 million. Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company increased by approximately 49.7% to approximately RMB215.3 million, while basic earnings per share increased by approximately 51.7% to approximately RMB0.223. The Board has proposed a final dividend of approximately RMB0.071 (equivalent to HK$0.087) per share.
AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS Through adhering to our transformation and upgrade idea Transformation from Quantity Expansion to Quality Improvement , the Group dedicated to specialisation and quality and strived to improve its products and services, through which it obtained high recognition from the industry and received positive feedbacks from all segments of the society. The Group was among Ningbo Top 100 Enterprises in 2011 for seven consecutive years jointly issued by the Ningbo Enterprises Association, the Entrepreneurs Association, and the Federation of Industry and Economy, ranking seventy-eighth of Top 100 Integrated Enterprises and thirty-seventh of Top 100 Manufacturing Enterprises respectively. In addition, the Group was honored with the title of Pioneering and Innovative Complex Model Enterprise in the 2010 Ningbo Ranking for pioneering and innovative enterprises, which was described as the Oscar selection for Ningbo economy.

Zhejiang Sunny Optics Co., Ltd., was awarded as Zhejiang Delicacy Management Model Enterprise by the Economic and Information Technology Commission of Zhejiang Province and with Xiamen Panasonic 2010 Outstanding Cooperative Manufacturer Award at the Suppliers Conference of Panasonic Avc Networks Xiamen Co., Ltd, being the only award-winning supplier of optical products.
Ningbo Sunny Opotech Co., Ltd. was granted with the Yulong Coolpad Excellent Supplier at the Yulong Coolpad Excellent Suppliers Conference and the Win-Win Corporation Supplier at the Lenovo s MIDH Core Supplier Conference and the title of Huawei Core Suppliers at Huawei s Global Core Suppliers Conference in 2011 respectively. All these awards further strengthened the Group s confidence in speeding up Transformation and Upgrading .

Looking into 2012, the global economy is still unstable and filled with uncertainties. Although the optoelectronic industry, which is closely related to the smartphone industry, is full of opportunities, the Group still has to make continuous efforts to overcome the challenges. Right strategic guidelines and good business management are measures for enterprises to pass through the economic difficulties.
The Group will strengthen its decision-making flexibility, promote management innovation, and adhere to the policy of Transformation and Upgrading , to overcome various difficulties, laying a solid foundation for its long-term development.
The Group has been engaged in the optoelectronic industry for 28 years, accumulating rich industry experience while gaining industry advantages. For its medium- and long-term sustainable development, the Group treats the optical applications as its core and its Mingpeijiao ( 0 TM 0) strategy as the main line, formulates a series of development plans and earnestly implements the development strategies at various stages and levels. The image digitalization is and will be booming, as well as the optoelectronic products applications are and will be developing at an amazing speed, during which the Group will ultimately achieve the corporate vision of becoming a Hundred Years Old Brand by virtue of persevere exploration and pursuit of the optical field, its existing advantages and further expansion of the emerging applications fields.

Our desired accomplishments in 2011 were the direct result of the combined efforts of our diligent staff. Therefore, I wish to sincerely thank my fellow Directors and our Group s employees for their diligence, dedication and hard working throughout the previous year, which contributed greatly to the development of the Group.
Also, I wish to extend my gratitude for the continued support of our shareholders, customers and suppliers. We will continue to deliver sustainable business growth, so as to realize higher values for our shareholders and other interest related parties and thus attain 
Yuyao, Zhejiang, the PRC 14 March 2012 