Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
The Company is pleased to present to the shareholders the annual
report for 2016. Taking advantage of the favorable opportunities
arising from the further upgrading of handset camera products used
in the smartphone industry and the rapid development of the vehicle
imaging field, the Group achieved sound growth in overall results, thus
delivering promising returns for our shareholders in 2016.
BUSINESS REVIEW
Looking back to 2016, the world economy continued to grow
slowly, and the global economy struggled to recover. With the antiglobalization
being much stronger, the world economy is exposed to
various risks and challenges. As the world’s major economy, economic
growth of China has back to the world’s number one. However,
China still faced with greater economic downward pressure. In the
environment of weak global macro-economy, the consumer electronics
market continued to grow slowly. Even though the smartphone market
in the PRC remained as the world’s largest mobile phone market,
the room for overall development has become saturated, and it has
entered into an age of stock. However, mobile phone manufacturers
competed in performance, aesthetics and differentiated features,
which has been further proved by the emerging application innovation
of handset cameras. Among others, the configuration of dual-camera
was particularly impressive, which became a force that cannot be
neglected in the next wave of upgrade of smartphones specifications.
On the other hand, with the popularity and implementation of the
relevant rules and regulations in Europe, America, Japan and other
countries and regions, as well as the significant development of
advanced driver assistance systems (the “ADAS”), semi-automatic
and full-automatic pilot technologies, the vehicle imaging field has
been growing rapidly. Being a leading handset lens sets and handset
camera modules provider as well as the largest vehicle lens sets
supplier in the world, the Group has benefited from the growth.
Despite facing the difficult external environment, the Group has
recorded satisfactory achievements in its core businesses and
the three major business segments named Optical Components,
Optoelectronic Products and Optical Instruments have developed
rapidly. These achievements demonstrated the Group’s persistence to
the position of optoelectronic industry and the development strategy
of “Dedicate to and Focus on Existing Business Strengths”. On the
other hand, the Group actively explored the development of the
patterns for industry funds and the construction of internal mechanism
in order to support the new transformation and upgrade with reforms
and innovation, which were all beneficial for the Group to achieve its
magnificent goal.
OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE
In 2016, the passionate and experienced management team led all staff
to adhere to the core corporate culture of “Create Together”, create
the competitive advantage of “Customer Focus, Quick Response”
with market-oriented technological innovation, improve quality control
systems, constantly increase the technical added value and the market
share of the products, to ensure the competitiveness of each product
and consolidate its leading position in the market. The overall results
of the Group were in line with its anticipated growth.
The Group’s revenues for the year ended 31 December 2016 increased
by approximately 36.6% to approximately RMB14,611.8 million. Profit
for the year attributable to owners of the Company increased by
approximately 66.8% to approximately RMB1,270.8 million. Besides,
the basic earnings per share increased by approximately 65.9% to
approximately RMB117.6 cents. The Board has proposed a final
dividend of approximately RMB0.290 (equivalent to HK$0.323) (2015:
approximately RMB0.208) per share.
AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS
In 2016, the Group continued to invest in R&D, technologies and
market in light of its adherence to the philosophy of “Customer Focus”,
and was mindful about raising the level of its corporate governance
and management. With the joint effort from its staff, the Group received
awards and accreditations from customers, industrial associations
and institutions, local governments and the capital market. This is
an indication that the products’ quality, technical capability, delivery,
service capability and comprehensive competitiveness of the Group
were highly recognized in the industries and by our customers. With
such encouragement and acknowledgement, the Group would strive
to provide the customers with better and newer products and services,
and would carry on the strategy of “Transformation and Upgrade” with
determination.
OUTLOOK
In 2017, uncertain matters, unforeseeable risks and various challenges
of the global and Chinese macro economy will be more complicated
and severe. Competition in various industries will be increasingly
intensified. On one hand, affected by multiple factors such as politics,
economy and supply and demand, the trend of the exchange rate
of RMB against U.S dollars is still subject to great volatility and
the control of exchange risks remains difficult. On the other hand,
affected by the macro economy, the growth in overseas demand is
still relatively uncertain. Despite all kinds of uncertainties, the Group
believes that, in 2017, the demand for high-end smartphone cameras
will still be strong; various innovative applications based on optics
and optoelectronics will spring up; and the relevant technology
will get more mature, based on which the emerging industries that
the Group is involved in will embrace a favourable opportunity
for rapid development. Vehicle imaging field is at a stage of rapid
growth. Accordingly, the Group will focus on achieving technological
breakthrough in key areas, actively explore potential customers and
markets and further build a sound manufacturing system, as well as
improve its production efficiency through combination with information
management and by taking advantage of the analysis of big data. In
addition, the Group will optimize the supply chain management and
promote the construction of quality system to improve the market
competitiveness of its three major business segments, so that it can
consolidate its market position.
Looking ahead, the Group will continue to adhere to its strategy of
“Mingpeijiao” (名配角). Apart from developing overall superiority based
on its existing business strength, the Group will manage to be a smart
optical system solution provider and lay a solid foundation for the rapid
development of optical instruments business, so as to accelerate its
development in intelligent manufacturing and intelligent equipment
industry. In addition, the Group will further boost the construction of
a new production base, innovate in internal mechanism and promote
implementation of “Customer Focus” value in each link of its operation.
The Group believes that opportunities are more than challenges in the
future. All staff will continue to carry forward pioneering spirit of hard
struggle, progressive and innovative spirit and team spirit of working
together with a vision to become a “Hundred-Year-Old Brand”.APPRECIATION
The Group would like to express its appreciation to all staff for their
outstanding contribution towards the Group’s development. The
Board wishes to sincerely thank the management for their dedication
and diligence, and they are the key factors to secure the Group’s
continuous success in the future. Also, the Group wishes to extend its
gratitude to the continuous support from its shareholders, customers,
and business partners. The Group will continue to deliver the
sustainable development of the business, so as to meet its business
objectives for 2017 and realise higher values for its shareholders and
other stakeholders.
Ye liaoning
Chairman
Hong Kong
13 March 2017