Chairman s Statement 
Mr. YE Liaoning 
The Company is pleased to present to the shareholders the annual report for 2013. Continuing to seize the golden opportunities arising from the rapid development of smartphones, the Group achieved sound growth in overall performance and delivered satisfactory returns to the shareholders in 2013.

On 23 September 2013, the Company successfully placed 97,000,000 new shares at a placing price of HK$8.06. The purpose of the placing and subscription was to optimize the Company s capital structure. The proceeds of the subscription would be applied (i) to production capacity expansion; (ii) to the future development of the Company; and (iii) as general working capital of the Company.
The placing and subscription will provide additional funding to the Company s development whilst broadening the shareholder base and strengthening the capital base of the Company. The gross proceeds and net proceeds (after deducting relevant commissions, taxes, and other expenses) from the subscription were approximately HK$781.8 million and HK$770 million, respectively.

Looking back at 2013, while the pace of economic recovery remained slow worldwide, the PRC government adopted a series of measures to regulate its macroeconomy. Within such a complicated environment in board and abroad, every industry has been facing many difficulties and challenges and hence the situation was not optimistic. But the Group is delighted to see that consumer electronic industry has embarked on a sound growth and particularly the remarkable development of smartphone market in the PRC. Being the largest camera module supplier for smartphones in China, the Group has benefited from such 
During the previous year, the Group recorded satisfying performance growth in Optoelectronic Products and Optical Instruments business segments. Such achievement revealed the Group s efforts in implementing its development strategies of Dedicated to and Focused on Existing Advantageous Businesses and Speeding Up the Implementation of Transformation and Upgrade . Besides, the Company is committed to researching and developing products and technologies with innovations, aiming to expand its market presence and enhance its competitive strengths.

During the year under review, the Group conducted mass production of vehicle lens sets for several renowned Japanese automotive component suppliers, tapped into the smartphone supply chain of a famous handset producer in Korea, and conducted mass production of high resolutions handset lens sets for that producer. The Group s subsidiary in California, USA has shown sound progress in operation and has launched mass production of the new 3D interaction motion controllers ( N}aNRc6RhV), cooperated with the international hi-tech companies, and proactively participated in design and technical support of numerous new optoelectronic application modules required in certain mobile devices. The Group has continuously improved its processing technology and propelled self-developed techniques and equipments on automation process, resulting in higher economic 
During the year under review, Optical Components, Optoelectronic Products, and Optical Instruments, being the three major business segments of the Group, accounted for approximately 20.0%, 76.0% and 4.0% of its revenue, respectively. Through continuous transformation and upgrade, industrial restructuring, and product portfolio optimization, these three segments have been greatly improved in terms of production , profit , and operation aspects in the last year. Hence, the Group s market competitiveness can be enhanced and its leading position as a manufacturer of these high- end products can be maintained. In addition, the Group also attained solid progress in new businesses. Infrared related business continued to contribute profit; security surveillance business experienced further development; high-end optical analytical instrument business saw 
During the year under review, the Group effectively integrated external resources into existing related business to accelerate the development of such business area. The Group has entered into a series of Strategic Cooperation Agreements with Konica Minolta Optical Products (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. ( OMS ), so as to improve the production capability of the Company for relevant products, thereby to make the existing products more diversified and to promise rapid growth of handset lens sets business.

During the year under review, relying on the efforts of our staff and the correct development strategy, the Group attained outstanding achievements despite the impact of flooding in our headquarters and the challenging market environment. The vital and experienced management of the Group, together with its staff, responded proactively to different market conditions and difficulties, practiced the Group s corporate culture that regarded Create Together as its core value, implemented strategy of transformation and upgrade, broadened customer base and optimized product mix, to ensure the competitiveness of each business segment and enhance the Group s leading position in the market. Besides, as more of the Group s new products turned mature, its overall business maintained a stable growth which matches its anticipated growth of results.
The Group s revenues increased by approximately 45.9% during the financial year 2013 to approximately RMB5,812.8 million. Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company increased by 27.2% to approximately RMB440.5 million, while basic earnings per share increased by 23.2% to approximately RMB44.30 cents. The Board has proposed a final dividend of approximately RMB0.121 (2012: approximately RMB0.105) per share.
AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS In 2013, the Group focused on the transformation of business models and upgrade, increased investment in new technologies and thereby received numerous accreditations on R&D and corporate governance.
This truly reflected that the Group s products and services were highly recognized in the industries and by our customers.
For Optical Components business segment, Sunny Optics (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. ( Sunny Tianjin Optics ) was granted the award of Excellent Supplier by Samsung Electronics. Ningbo Sunny Automotive Optech Co., Ltd. ( Sunny Automotive ) was accredited with the title of Strategic Supplier by MAGNA, a global top 500 enterprise. Zhejiang Sunny Optics Co., Ltd. ( Sunny Optics ) has won the 2012 Ningbo Mayor Quality Award .

For Optoelectronic Products business segment, innovation of Ningbo Sunny Opotech Co., Ltd. ( Sunny Opotech ) has proudly received government s recognition and it was named 2012 Ningbo Innovative Pilot Enterprise (2012t[luReWfOmi) . The project of Research and Industrialization of Key Technologies for High-reliable Chip On Film ( COF ) Handset Camera Modules which was applied by Sunny Opotech has won the second class prize of Ningbo City Technology Advancement Award. Sunny Opotech was awarded by Huawei with Gold Award for Core Supplier and recognized as an Excellent Supplier by Lenovo.
For Optical Instruments business segment, Ningbo Sunny Instruments Co., Ltd. ( Sunny Instruments ) was granted the title of Enterprise with Quality and Creditability in China for 2013 (2013t-N WO Omi) by China Entry & Exit Inspection and Quarantine Association.
Shanghai Sunny Hengping Scientific Instrument Co., Ltd. ( Sunny Hengping ) was awarded the 2012 Shanghai Innovative Enterprise .
The SHP8400PMS-I explosion-proof process mass spectrometer of Sunny Hengping was awarded the 15th Beijing Analysis Test Academic Report and Exhibition BCEIA 2013 Gold Award.
Furthermore, the Group was recognized as a Zhejiang Advanced Enterprise for Harmonious Labor Relation (Ym_lwuRTRROHQ 2Omi) , named as one of the 2013 Ningbo Top 100 Enterprises for the ninth time, and ranked the fourteenth in Ningbo Competitiveness List ([l" z-rR) . The Group was listed in 2013 Ningbo Brand Top 100 at the 2013 Forum for Ningbo Merchants and Awarding Ceremony for Ningbo s 100 Most Valuable Brands and awarded the Ningbo Brand Top 100 certificate. The Group was selected as a constituent of the Hang Seng Composite Index Industrial Goods, Hang Seng Composite SmallCap Index, and Hang Seng Global Composite Index respectively and rewarded by Forbes as the Best Under A Billion for 2013.

The above awards and honors reflected the Group s capabilities in technological innovation and customers recognition to the Group s products, delivery date, and services, which gave the Group extra confidence in propelling the strategy of Speeding Up the Implementation of Transformation and Upgrade .

In 2014, uncertainties will remain in the world and PRC economies.
But the prospect for optical and optoelectronic innovative application and development is promising, and the vehicle imaging field is expected to achieve a rapid growth continuously. The Group is committed to exploring potential customers and markets, integrating advantageous resources, enhancing development of new products, improving customer base and product mix, speeding up development of new businesses, enhancing management performance, facilitating management innovation, and propelling all business segments with its solid bases, so as to push forward the development of the Group in a steady manner.
Looking ahead, the Group will continue to implement its Speeding Up the Implementation of Transformation and Upgrade strategy and allocate resources in a more effective way. Capitalizing its extensive experience and technological know-how accumulated in the fields of optical and optoelectronic applications, the Group will continue to innovate, and to capture the opportunities arising from intelligentization of mobile devices. The Group will continue to regard Mingpeijiao ( TM ) strategy as its backbone of developing optical applications as its core business, to formulate practical corporate development plan, dedicate to and focus on existing business segments, allocate resources to facilitate development of new business lines, perfect its organization, talents, and systems, continue its endless exploration and pursuit of the optical field, integrate resources, and give full play to its advantages, with a view to achieving the corporate vision of a Hundred Years Old Brand ultimately.

The Group would like to express its appreciation to all the staff for their outstanding contribution towards the Group s development. The Board wishes to sincerely thank the management for their dedication and diligence, and they are the key factors for the Group to continue its success in future. Also, the Group wishes to extend its gratitude for the continued support from its shareholders, customers, and business partners. The Group will continue to deliver sustainable business development, so as to meet its business objectives for 2014 and realize higher values for its shareholders and other stakeholders.

11 March 2014 