Chairman s Statement 
During the year under review, we continued to implement our Mingpeijiao strategy. We have made further inroads toward market expansion, product offering enrichment as well as the strengthening of our 
Sunny Optical Technology (Group) Company Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) is pleased to present to our shareholders the annual results for 2009. Despite unfavorable business environment during 2009, the Company overall performance achieved stable growth.

During the year, confronted with the global economic slowdown, the Company implemented various effective measures, including the active strengthening of the business relationship with existing customers, the expansion of client base and exploration of new income sources.
Meanwhile, the Company strived to enhance its internal management standards by comprehensively promoting the Lean Production model during the year. Although the Company s results were affected by the current global economic recession, it also gave the Company an opportunity to implement its strategy of Transformation from Quantity Expansion to Quality Improvement profoundly. The Company s research and development ( R&D ) capacities on new products and technologies were enhanced, production and quality control were further improved, which enabled us to provide our customers with more premium products and technical services and support, and thus created better values for our customers, consolidated and improved the Group s position in the industry. In spite of the volatile market, we always strive to meet these market challenges with improving operational performance. Reviewing 2009, the Group made different levels of achievement in all aspects: For the expansion on client base and market, the Group gave full support to customers efforts in launching new products and exploring markets based on the spirit of riding out hardship with clients. This practice helped to deepen the business relationships with existing customers and made us the primary supplier of several well-known branded customers. Despite the difficult market environment, we succeeded to attract 22 new important customers, which included Canon (Taiwan), Fujitsu, etc. thereby further broadening our client base. In order to expand our businesses in Bohai Bay Area, the Group established its fourth production base in Tianjin in May 2009.
The production base generated profits within two months after its 
Our three major business segments, namely optical components, optoelectronic products and optical instruments, accounted for 48.7%, 41.7% and 9.6% of our revenue respectively. We have upgraded our existing products and technologies involved in these three business segments so as to maintain the Group s leading position in the industry. At the same time, we have endeavored to explore new business opportunities, and prepared for the mid-to-long term development in all of these three business segments. In particular, the optical components business segment has started the R&D of stand-alone and embedded micro-projectors while the optoelectronic products business segment has completed the development of several security surveillance cameras. The optical instruments business segment has also completed the development of a variety of mid and high-end optical microscopic, surveying and analytical instruments.

Amidst the global financial crisis, the optoelectronic industry was adversely affected while the external industrial environment in 2009 was more challenging than that in 2008. In response to the unprecedented challenges and impacts, the Group made concerted efforts to expedite its business mode transformation and upgrade, to explore new revenue sources and to strictly control various expenditures, so as to exercise effective control over internal operating costs. At the beginning of the year under review, the Board of Directors (the Board ) of the Group proposed a guideline of Breakeven in January, Make profit in 1st quarter and Achieve annual objectives in the whole year . With excellent execution and joint efforts of the management team and the staff across the Group, the guideline was successfully carried out. Braving the adverse environment, the Group applied aggressive initiatives such as proactively promoting the Lean Production model, thereby achieved remarkable results. With improvement and stabilisation of the global economy, the Group s overall operations demonstrated good momentums of recovery.
The Group s revenues increased by 3.4% during the financial year 2009 to approximately RMB1,309.6 million. Profit attributable to owners of the Company increased by 17.3% to approximately RMB91.9 million, while basic earnings per share increased by 17.3% to approximately RMB0.09. The Board has proposed a final dividend of RMB0.02 per share.

AWARDS AND RECOgNITIONS The spirit of Striving for excellence and Never give up exhibited by our management in 2009 has not only affected every employee, but also received favourable comments from many customers. We are widely recognised for our quality products and excellent services, including the 2008 Best Supplier appreciation award from Shanghai LG Electronics., Ltd. (a company invested by LG of Korea), and the 2009 1Q Supply Support Award from Huawei, etc. In addition, Zhejiang Sunny Optics Co., Ltd., Sunny Optics (Zhongshan) Co., Ltd., Ningbo Sunny Opotech Co., Ltd., Ningbo Sunny Instruments Co., Ltd. and Shanghai Sunny Hengping Scientific Instrument Co., Ltd. (all being subsidiaries of the Group) have been recognized as High-Tech Enterprise . Besides, Zhejiang Sunny Optics Co., Ltd. and Ningbo Sunny Opotech Co., Ltd. have won the awards of Integrity Enterprise in Import & Export title jointly appraised by seven departments in Ningbo City as a testimony of the good track record and achievements of the Group in import and export. Ningbo Sunny Instruments Co., Ltd.
was also awarded the title of 100 Integrity Enterprises by Ningbo Entry-Exit Inspection and Quarantine Bureau.
The Group is also highly-regarded in the domestic market as well as in the industry. It was named Ningbo Top 100 Enterprises by Ningbo City Enterprise Association and the Ningbo City Entrepreneurs Association and nominated as one of the Ningbo Top 100 Manufacturing Enterprises . Besides, the Group won the title of 60th Anniversary of the Founding of the People s Republic of China, Ningbo Enterprises with Best Achievements as a recognition for its contributions to the country and the industry over the years.

2009 was a tough year for the Group, but pursuant to the concerted and persevering efforts of the management team and staff across the Group over the year, our measures to overcome the crisis have gradually been transformed into operational results. We have thoroughly applied the strategy of Transformation from Quantity Expansion to Quality Improvement and have it genuinely rooted into people s heart. This is the reward we have reaped from the financial crisis. This will become the Group s unfailing driving force for development and will help us to expand rapidly and steadily.
In the coming year, we will continue to strengthen the R&D and marketing efforts and focus on mobile-phone related products, products of security surveillance, vehicle imaging and infrared imaging for the purpose of providing customers with more premium products and technical services, and enhancing the added value of our products. In 2010, we will seize the important business opportunities of the rapid development of 3G services and peaceful community construction, and will adapt to the market needs and development.
Although the Group s overall operation is stabilizing and continues to grow, we remain cautiously optimistic for this year. We will closely monitor the macro situation, the risk and dynamics of the international optoelectronic industry while maintaining the awareness of crisis and risk. We may face many difficulties and uncertainties in the future, however, they may serve as good challenges for us and give us strength to carry out our long-term development.

Our various accomplishments in 2009 were the direct result of the combined efforts of our diligent staff. Therefore, I wish to sincerely thank my fellow Directors and our Group s employees for their dedication throughout the year, and their loyalty to the Group in the hard times. Also, I wish to extend my gratitude for the continued support of our shareholders, customers and suppliers. We are committed to delivering future sustainable business growth and striving to realize all operational targets through the year 2010.

Hong Kong, 22 March 2010 