Chairman s Statement 
Mr. YE Liaoning 
Sunny Optical Technology (Group) Company Limited (the Company or Sunny Optical , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) is pleased to present to our shareholders the annual report for 2012.
Continuing to seize the golden opportunity arising from the rapid development of smartphones, the Group achieved great performance and delivered satisfactory returns to our shareholders in 2012.

Influenced by the bleak economies worldwide and the macroeconomic control enforced by the PRC government in 2012, China witnessed a noticeable slowdown in its economic growth and businesses across all fields were entangled with unprecedented challenges.
However, consumer electronics market worldwide was boosted by the growing popularity of smartphones. Being the largest camera module producer for smartphones in China, the Group has benefited from such promising trend. During the last year, handset camera module experienced a considerable growth in sales volume and increase in average selling price, which cast significant influence over the Group s overall revenue. This further consolidated our foundation for sustainable growth and the Group is more determined to achieve a stable development in the future by implementing the Group s development strategies of Dedicating to and Focusing on Existing Industries and Speeding up the Implementation of Transformation and Upgrade . As a leading integrated producer of optical components and optoelectronic products in China, the Company will embrace the year 2013 with greater enthusiasm to ride on the buoyant smartphone 
During 2012, the Group further strode forward on R&D, production and sales and has therefore attained remarkable achievements. During the year under review, the Group officially established a subsidiary in Silicon Valley, California, the United States ( U.S. ) and deployed marketing and sales personnel there to provide technical support, marketing and customer base expansion in North America, with a view to promoting the Group s internationalisation. Currently, the said company is running well. It is now vigorously seeking cooperation with large international companies and proactively participating in design and technical support of numerous new optoelectronic application modules required in certain mobile devices. Additional technicians were also deployed by the Group in Korea to provide local customers with more premium and timely services.

During the year under review, our three major business segments, namely Optical Components, Optoelectronic Products and Optical Instruments, accounted for approximately 32.9%, 62.5% and 4.6% of our revenue respectively. Through incessant transformation and upgrade, industrial restructuring, and product portfolio optimisation, these three segments improved a lot in various aspects including production , profit and operation in the last year. During the year under review, the Group s automation-based innovation project attained several significant breakthroughs and achievements. In coming years, the Group will further propel this project to improve its production efficiency and realise a better cost structure. Through enhancing upgrade and innovation in products of the relevant business segments, the Group will be able to maintain its leading position for these high-end products.

During the year under review, relying on the efforts of our staff and reinforcing appropriate development strategies, the Group attained outstanding achievements. Our new but experienced management team, together with our staff, responded proactively to different market conditions, implemented our strategy of transformation and upgrade, and improved our customer base and product portfolio, which can ensure the competitiveness of each business segment and enhance the Group s leading position in the market. Besides, as many of the Group s new products reached the mature stage, the Group s overall business maintained a stable development, which matches our anticipated growth of results.
The Group s revenues increased by approximately 59.5% during the financial year 2012 to approximately RMB3,984.3 million. Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company increased by approximately 60.8% to approximately RMB346.3 million, while basic earnings per share increased by approximately 61.3% to approximately RMB35.97 cents. The Board has proposed a final dividend of approximately RMB0.105 (equivalent to HK$0.129) per share.

AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS In 2012, the Group not only focused on the implementation of transformation and upgrade, but also increased investment in new technologies and thereby received numerous accreditations on products, services and corporate governance. This truly reflected that the Group s product quality, delivery date and services were highly recognised in the industries and by our customers. In respect of the Optical Components business segment, Sunny Optics (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. was granted the title of 2011 Grade A Suppliers and the award of Second Prize in 2011 EHS Excellent Suppliers by Samsung Electronics. In addition, Zhejiang Sunny Optics Co., Ltd. was granted the 2011 Special Contribution Award from Wuxi Sony at Sony East China Supplier Conference held in Shanghai. Sunny Optics (Zhongshan) Co., Ltd. was granted the title Excellent Supplier at the 2012 The First Hikvision s Global Suppliers Conference held in Hangzhou. In respect of Optoelectronic Products business segment, Ningbo Sunny Opotech Co., Ltd., after receipt of Win-win Cooperation Award at the 2012 Lenovo s Global Suppliers Conference, was granted the Huawei Gold Award for Core Supplier for 2012 (p2012t8h_ OaFUNs) and Yulong Coolpad Core Supplier Award ([w>m 8h_OaFUNs) . On the other hand, the Company was awarded the Most Influential Enterprise (gwQq_ROmi) in electronic industry of Ningbo City. In respect of the Optical Instruments business segment, Shanghai Sunny Hengping Scientific Instrument Co., Ltd. was awarded the Top 10 Most Influential Domestic Equipment Manufacturers 2011 at the 2012 Annual Conference of China Scientific Instruments.
Furthermore, Ningbo Sunny Instruments Co., Ltd. was granted the first Ningbo City Quality Exporter Award which was the highest quality award in the field of export in Ningbo. The Group was also named Ningbo Top 100 Enterprises in Foreign Trade in 2011, Ningbo Top 100 Enterprises in 2012 and Ningbo Top 100 Leading Enterprises in the Industry . On the other hand, the Group was recognised as the Base for Building Standard Evaluation System on Enterprise s Skilled Workers in Zhejiang Province (Ym_lwOmibNMbUPjnS| -W0W) and was granted the title of Advanced Unit for Respecting 
wMbHQ2UMO) in Yuyao City. The above awards embodied the Group s capability in technological innovation and gave the Group extra confidence in propelling the strategy of Speeding up the Implementation of Transformation and Upgrade .

In 2013, there may still be many uncertainties in macroeconomic environment. Even though the smartphone market is likely to maintain a sound growth, over-optimism must be avoided. The Group will strengthen its rapid decision-making capacity, continue management innovation and adhere to the development policy of Transformation and Upgrade , so as to overcome various challenges and realise its long-term sustainable development.
Based on our years of experience accumulated in optical and optoelectronic applications, the Group will continue to innovate, and to capture the opportunities arising from image digitalisation at mobile devices in the future. We will continue to regard the optical applications as our core and our Mingpeijiao ( TM ) strategy as the mainline, to formulate practical corporate development plans and seize existing and future development opportunities with our innovative and pragmatic thoughts. The Group will, as always, continue its endless exploration and pursuit of the optical field, give full play to its advantages and expand emerging application fields in an in-depth manner, with a view to ultimately achieving the corporate vision of a Hundred Years Old Brand .

The Group would like to express its appreciation to all staff for their outstanding contribution towards the Group s development. I, on behalf of the Board, wish to sincerely thank our management for their dedication and diligence, and they are the key factors for the Group to continue its success in future. Also, I wish to extend my gratitude for the continued support from our shareholders, customers and business partners. We will continue to deliver sustainable business development, so as to realise higher values and returns for our shareholders and other stakeholders.

Yuyao, Zhejiang, the PRC 9 March 2013 