CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT It gives me great pleasure to report that the Group once again delivered impressive financial results in 2006. Last year, the Group s profit attributable to shareholders reached HK$14,007 million, up 3.0% from 2005. Earnings per share were HK$1.3248, also up 3.0%.
Net operating income grew strongly by 11.0% to HK$23,099 million while pre-provision net operating income increased 17.2% to HK$21,309 million. The Group s total assets increased to HK$928,953 million, up 11.8% from a year ago. Asset quality improved further as reflected in the significantly lower impaired loan ratio of 0.26%, versus 0.56% 
The Board is recommending a final dividend for 2006 of HK$0.447 per share at the Annual General Meeting on 23 May 2007. That, together with the interim dividend of HK$0.401 per share, means a total dividend of HK$0.848 per share for the whole year. (Total dividend for 2005: HK$0.808 per share.) The Group s total dividend payout as a percentage of profit attributable to shareholders will be 64.01%, versus 62.83% a year ago.
We are proud that the Group s dividend payout per share has been on the increase for the fourth consecutive year since the Group s public listing in 2002. This should be taken as an ample reflection of our commitment to deliver ever higher shareholder value through achieving good financial results and maintaining a strong financial position.
In line with our forecast, the Hong Kong economy maintained its growth momentum, fueled primarily by investment, exports and domestic consumption. Business sentiments remained largely positive while private consumption increased with the improved job market and higher wages. The financial services market was particularly buoyant, driven by vigorous stock trading and IPO activities, including that of the BOC Group. External trade also grew with stronger demand from the Mainland and the Asia Pacific region. The development of the property market also returned to a more stable condition as interest rates were leveling off. Inflationary pressure in Hong Kong remained mild and even subsided somewhat because of lower oil prices in the latter half of the year. On the whole, Hong Kong s banking and financial services sector had a spectacular year as market sentiments were buoyed by the strong local economy and stabilising US interest rates.
Credit demand from banks was boosted by more active stock market, private consumption, increased trade activities and investment. The asset level and quality of banks in general also saw further improvement.
For us, 2006 will be remembered as a watershed year for it marked the commencement of the Group s 2006-2011 strategic plan announced around this time last year. Our 2006-2011 strategic plan contains clearly defined goals and standards which are crucial to our development in the medium term, particularly as regards how far we have moved forward in realising our vision of becoming a top financial services group with a powerful base in Hong Kong, a solid presence in China and a strategic foothold in the 
Facilitated by the largely favourable operating environment, the Group forged ahead aggressively with the implementation of the 2006-2011 strategic plan. Indeed we have made noteworthy progress in some major areas which are highlighted below.
A key focus of our strategic plan is to strengthen our leading position in Hong Kong and drive business growth. Last year, we further enhanced our services to corporate clients and at the same time built up our mid-cap and SME business. We also strove to strengthen our cross-border banking services and build up our China business. The very encouraging growth of 17.2% in pre-provision net operating income last year demonstrated unequivocally the effectiveness of our efforts so far in the above areas. Specifically we experienced a healthy growth in gross loans and advances of 3.9%, which was driven primarily by the rise in corporate, SME and China loans. Our China operation continued to perform well in terms of both loan growth and profitability.
We have been actively seeking out and exploring suitable M&A opportunities to develop new capabilities. In June 2006, we succeeded in acquiring at a consideration of HK$900 million a 51% controlling stake in BOC Life which was indirectly and wholly owned by our parent, BOC. Based in Hong Kong, BOC Life is engaged mainly in the offering of life insurance policies and also in writing life insurance policies linked to investment products and retirement scheme management. This acquisition represents a breakthrough in our attempt to enhance business capabilities that can eventually help us diversify our income base, increase profit margin and develop a full-service business model.
The growth potential of the China market was a major consideration when we mapped out our current strategic plan.
To ensure a bigger presence in this market and in response to the implementation by China s banking authorities of the new Regulations on Administration of Foreign Banks that came into force on 11 December 2006, the Board considered that the best option for the Group would be to adopt a dualistic approach in its China business model. That is, Nanyang Commercial Bank, Limited (Nanyang), our wholly-owned subsidiary, will be incorporated as a local bank in China while BOCHK will continue operating as a foreign-funded bank in China. Application for incorporating in China was submitted by Nanyang in January this year. Once approved, Nanyang, a well-established banking brand in China with extensive experience, will immediately embark on offering comprehensive banking services in China, including RMB retail banking services. Given its strong corporate and institutional client base, BOCHK should remain a foreign- funded bank in China as this status would allow it to maintain its competitive edge in corporate banking and foreign-exchange businesses in the Mainland. Chiyu Banking Corporation Limited, another subsidiary of BOCHK, would also maintain its foreign bank status and continue with its existing operation in China.
The Group maintained its leadership in conducting RMB banking services in the local market. Earlier this year, BOCHK was authorised by the People s Bank of China to continue serving as the clearing bank for RMB business in Hong Kong.
On a related front, in anticipation of the upcoming issuance of RMB-denominated bonds in Hong Kong, the role of BOCHK as the clearing bank in Hong Kong could be expanded to cover yuan bonds as well. We welcome these developments which testify to our unique strength in RMB banking and our important role in supporting the development of financial services in both the Mainland and Hong Kong.
This year we celebrate the fifth anniversary of the Company s public listing in Hong Kong. Being the Chairman, I am heartened that we have outgrown our age as a public company. By overcoming major adversities, both external and internal, in the past few years and by excelling ourselves on a constant basis, we have emerged a better managed and more prestigious banking group in Hong Kong. Above all, I am proud that our strenuous and incessant effort in enhancing corporate governance have won us due recognition by the business community. Last year, the Company was named one of the top ten companies for best corporate governance among the 174 locally listed companies in Hong Kong. Our practice in disclosure was also given recognition by a leading professional institute. All these reflect our high standards of corporate governance that stem from a strong commitment to best international practices in accountability 
The Group s 2006-2011 strategic plan represents our continued commitment to build a better future for all our stakeholders. For 2007 and beyond, we will continue to carry out vigorously the various strategic initiatives under the plan to maintain our current lead, drive higher growth and better equip ourselves for new opportunities. As a matter of course, we will measure ourselves by the progress and achievement we have made against these initiatives.
Finally, I wish to thank my fellow Board Members for their guidance and counsel. My heartfelt thanks also go to our shareholders and customers for their continued support. Our employees remain our most valuable asset for helping us to break new grounds and set new records again and again.
They are the strongest foundation for our present and future growth. Their good work is deeply appreciated by the Board and the Management.

