Chairman’s
Statement
In 2016, we witnessed another year of sustained low growth
in the global economies, characterised by depressed
international investment and trade. The low growth
trajectory of the developed countries continued, as did
the moderating growth trend in developing countries. In
global politics and the world’s economies, frequent Black
Swan events increased volatility substantially across financial
markets. At home, the Chinese government began tackling
the challenges of inadequate internal growth drivers and
accumulated financial risks by introducing measures such
as supply-side reform to encourage quality of growth and
efficiency. These efforts have met with some initial success.
During the year, the growth of the Chinese economy fell
within a reasonable range, and its long-term fundamentals
remained positive.
As an open economy, Hong Kong had to contend with
many adverse externalities that caused weak economic
performance. On the bright side, a robust labour market
continued to support the local economy. However,
abundant liquidity in the Mainland of China reduced the
attractiveness of offshore borrowing by Chinese enterprises
in Hong Kong. To a certain degree, this also hampered
financing activities in Hong Kong. In the local stock market,
investment sentiment stabilised somewhat following
the massive correction in the early months of the year. 
Competition among banks was intense, and asset quality in
the banking sector trended lower.
In spite of such a complicated operating environment,
BOCHK was able to rise to these challenges. In line with
our parent bank’s strategic goal of “Serving Society and
Delivering Excellence”, we continued with the steady
implementation of the Group’s new transformation plan as
set out by the Board of Directors.
During the year, BOCHK successfully disposed its shares in
NCB, completed the acquisition of Bank of China (Malaysia)
Berhad and officially opened the BOCHK Brunei Branch. All of
these transactions represent a promising start in our strategy
to transform BOCHK from a municipal bank into a regional
bank. Additionally in early 2017, we successfully acquired
Bank of China (Thai) Public Company Limited and entered
into Asset Purchase Agreements with BOC in relation to the
acquisition1
 of the Indonesia Business and the Cambodia
Business, respectively. In March 2017, we completed the
disposal of our interests in Chiyu Banking Corporation
Limited. At the same time, we remained committed to
providing quality financial products and services for
corporate customers based in the Mainland of China,
Hong Kong and Southeast Asia, as well as for multinational
corporations. We also strengthened collaboration with 
our Southeast Asia operations, which achieved some
early satisfactory results. Capitalising on the significant
opportunities arising from the national Belt and Road
Initiative and from Chinese enterprises going global, we
met the diverse demands for financing by these enterprises
by offering merger and acquisition loans, trade finance,
syndicated loans, settlement and currency exchange. I am
also pleased to note that for 12 consecutive years, BOCHK
succeeded in keeping its top ranking as an arranger in the
Hong Kong-Macau syndicated loan market. In addition to
this, we continued our close collaboration with our parent
bank, BOC, to develop our business further in the Free Trade
Zones of the Mainland of China. We also promoted product
innovation while leveraging BOC Group’s global network
and diversified platforms with the aim of providing the best
cross-border banking services in the market.
In 2016, BOCHK continued to capitalise on its RMB franchise
and cement further its leading position in the local RMB
market. As the sole RMB clearing bank in Hong Kong, BOCHK
has been enhancing its clearing service capabilities and,
in July 2016, received permission from the People’s Bank
of China to participate in China’s Cross-border Interbank
Settlement System (“CIPS”). This made us the first offshore
bank to join CIPS as a direct participant and the only clearing
bank to offer clearing services through both CIPS and the
China National Advanced Payments System (CNAPS), further
expanding Hong Kong’s coverage in RMB clearing. In another
important development, in October 2016, Renminbi was
formally included in the Special Drawing Rights (SDR) basket
of the International Monetary fund. Taking advantage of
this opportunity, BOCHK was able to expand its client base
into the central bank and sovereign institution segment.
After the official launch of the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock
Connect programme in December 2016, BOCHK obtained
all the associated business qualifications to become the sole
Settlement Bank for Northbound Trading and a provider of
cross-border fund settlement for Southbound Trading. We
continued to serve as the designated bank of the China
Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited
(CSDCC) for settlement and currency exchange services. As
global usage of the RMB continues for transaction, payment,
trade finance, investment and central reserves, this will open
up even greater prospects for the offshore RMB business.
Accordingly, the Group will continue to adhere to its
customer-centric principles and strive to become customers’
first choice in offshore RMB services.
In 2016, BOCHK continued to deepen its local market
penetration. Our branch network transformation strategy
along with our existing competitive advantages enabled
us to produce successful results in all major business areas.
As part of our branch network transformation project,
we optimised our customer management flow for SME
customers, which led to a significant enhancement in
both service efficiency and the customer experience. In
our Wealth Management business, we raised our brand
image, which helped us in achieving faster growth in the
number of mid-to-high end customers and cross-border
customers acquired, as well as in the total value of assets
under management. We also continued to maintain our
strong competitive edge in our eight key business platforms,
namely, credit cards, private banking, life insurance,
asset management, cash management, custody, trust,
and securities and futures, all of which showed healthy
development in the period. Good progress was made in
the development and deployment of e-finance and our
Big-data platform, which went into operation once the
relevant infrastructure was constructed. We launched new
services such as Apple Pay, Small-value Transfer, i-Service,
and Instant Loan during the year. We also led the market in
adopting blockchain technology in our mortgage valuation
service, which helped to increase operating efficiency and
served as a model of how to turn innovative ideas into 
reality. These efforts will not only benefit local FinTech
development but also help elevate BOCHK’s market position
and brand recognition.
For our achievements during the year, BOCHK was named
the Strongest Bank in Asia Pacific and Hong Kong and
received the Best Retail Bank in Hong Kong and Wealth
Management Business of the Year by The Asian Banker.
Additionally, BOCHK received the Best Consumer Digital
Bank in Hong Kong award by Global Finance and Listed
Company Award of Excellence (Blue Chip) by the Hong Kong
Economic Journal. For the ninth year in a row, BOCHK won
the Best SME’s Partner Award from the Hong Kong General
Chamber of Small and Medium Business.
In 2016, BOCHK outpaced the market in key business
areas such as loan growth, while increasing income and
optimising the asset-liability structure. Throughout the year,
we maintained our high standards of risk management,
compliance and control, while key operating indicators
such as capital adequacy ratios, liquidity coverage and
asset quality all maintained at healthy levels. In short, this
set of full year results was encouraging and achieved a fine
balance between risk and return.
I am pleased to report that the Group delivered another
year of record profits in 2016. During the year, the Group
achieved strong growth in profit attributable to the equity
holders, which grew by 105.7% year-on-year to HK$55,503
million. Earnings per share were HK$5.2496. Adjusted profit2
increased by 6.8%, ahead of our major peers. Underpinned
by these favourable results, the Board has recommended
a final dividend of HK$0.625 per share. Together with
the interim dividend of HK$0.545 per share, the full year
dividend will be HK$1.170 per share. On a normal basis, the
Company’s total dividend payout as a percentage of profit 
attributable to the equity holders will be 48.4%. The realised
gains of HK$29,956 million from the sale of our equity stake
in NCB substantially increased the capital ratios of the Group.
Taking into account various factors and the Board’s view
that the long-term development of the Group should be
balanced with the interests of shareholders, the Company
paid a special dividend of HK$0.710 per share after the
2016 interim results to reward pubic shareholders for their
long-standing support of BOCHK over the years.
On 6 June 2016, Mr SHAN Weijian retired as an Independent
Non-executive Director and ceased to be the chairman
of the Audit Committee and a member of Remuneration
Committee of the Company. Dr CHOI Koon Shum was
appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of
the Company. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take
this opportunity to express our great appreciation to Mr
SHAN for his valuable contributions to the Company during
his tenure of service, and welcome Dr CHOI to the Board. I
believe Dr CHOI will bring new thinking to the Group with
his extensive experience in the food industry, real estate
development and international trade as well as technology
and finance-related businesses. On 26 October 2016, due
to a change in work arrangements, Mr CHAN Chun Ying
resigned as the Board Secretary and Company Secretary of
the Company and Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited; he
was succeeded by Mr LUO Nan. On behalf of the Board, I
would like to thank Mr CHAN for his contributions to the
Group during his tenure and to welcome Mr LUO to assume
his position.
The year 2016 not only marked a successful new chapter
in BOCHK’s strategic transformation, but also another
year of record results for us. This would not have been
possible without the wisdom and guidance of the Board,
the enthusiasm of our entire staff, the trust and loyalty
of our customers and the long-standing support of our
shareholders, to whom I express my sincere gratitude.
If I may provide my perspective on what lies ahead in
2017, the banking industry will continue to face a mix of
challenges and opportunities. Global politics and the world
economy will remain full of complexity, uncertainty and
cumulative financial risks. “De-globalisation” and reverse
movements in liquidity are likely to cause a negative
impact, which cannot be ignored. As a result, the world’s
major economies will find it increasingly difficult to align
their monetary and fiscal policies. With the lack of clarity
on the movement of US interest rates, the tightening of
the Mainland’s management of capital outflow, and the
pre-emptive expansion of Chinese banking peers into the
overseas market, competition in the banking industry looks
set to intensify, presenting more challenges for business
development and risk management. As China continues
driving the Belt and Road Initiative forward, an increasing
number of Mainland enterprises are eyeing globalisation
opportunities, particularly in the markets of Southeast Asia.
In its role as an international financial centre, Hong Kong can
act effectively as a super-connector between China and the
world by leveraging its robust legal system, highly efficient
financial infrastructure and international talent pool. With
the introduction of a series of market friendly policies by
the Hong Kong SAR Government, including a preferential
taxation arrangement and other government initiatives,
setting up treasury centres in Hong Kong will become more
attractive for multinational and Chinese corporations. This
will help to generate enormous demand for banking and
financial services, as well as other professional services.
Furthermore, there has been growing demand for overseas
asset allocation by Mainland enterprises and individuals,
which will translate into potential business opportunities for
a diverse range of banking services.
The momentum created by the Belt and Road Initiative,
together with the growing integration of Guangdong
Province, Hong Kong and Macau, should allow BOCHK to
accelerate its regional development strategy by leveraging
BOC Group’s advantages of scale in both its overseas and
domestic operations. This will involve focusing more on
cross-border business, engaging with the local market
and further developing our eight key business areas. In
addition, we will continue to drive innovation and enhance
our competitiveness in FinTech. In a challenging operating
environment of increasing capital requirements and more
rigorous regulation, it will also be critical for us to continue
strengthening our asset-and-liability management, carefully
monitoring our operating expenses and internal controls,
and optimising our capital structure in order to ensure
sustainable growth in the future.
Finally, I would like to note that the year 2017 marks
the BOC’s centenary of service to Hong Kong. During
this centennial anniversary, we will continue to pursue
opportunities for our business development and, as a
socially-responsible corporate citizen, to contribute towards
long-term prosperity and stability of Hong Kong. For the
Group as a whole, this centennial year also represents a new
chapter in our development. This is why we and everyone
on our staff are pledged to continue pursuing excellence
and to build on our solid foundation for the next 100 years
for the benefit of shareholder value maximisation.
TIAN Guoli
Chairman
Hong Kong, 31 March 2017