Chairman s Statement 
During the year under review, we continued to implement our Mingpeijiao strategy. We have made further inroads toward market expansion, product offering enrichment as well as the strengthening of our R&D capabilities 
Sunny Optical Technology (Group) Company Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) is pleased to present to our shareholders the annual results for 2008, a year marked by many challenges amidst an overall challenging market.

During the year under review, we continued to implement our Mingpeijiao strategy. We have made further inroads toward market expansion, product offering enrichment as well as the strengthening of our R&D capabilities.
For client base and market expansion, in addition to further strengthening our sales channels in Japan, Korea and Europe etc, we also dedicated efforts in securing new international markets, thereby enlarging our market share in the global market. In 2008, whilst increasing our supply ratio for our existing clients, we have extended our reach to notable brands such as Nikon, Sanyo, Continental and LG. This clearly reflected that the quality of our products, advancement of our technologies and standard of our services were recognised by more international renowned customers.
Our three major business segments, optical components, optoelectronic products and optical instruments, accounted for 45.8%, 43.9% and 10.3% of our revenue respectively. We have upgraded our existing products in the three segments. For optical components, we successfully developed 3.05.0 Mega 3X Zoom handset lens sets and 2.0 Mega, 3.0 Mega and 5.0 Mega autofocus ( AF ) handset lens sets. For optoelectronic products, we invented 2.0 Mega and 3.0 Mega autofocus ( AF ) handset camera modules. For optical instruments, we completed the R&D in upgrading optical instruments such as the metallurgical microscope, jewelry microscope and UV spectrophotometer. Our efforts in upgrading our products further strengthened the leading positions of our products in the industry.

Leveraging on the Group s powerful R&D capabilities, each of our three major business segments achieved satisfactory results in terms of new products and innovative technologies. For optical component business, infrared materials and lens sets and vehicle lens sets have completed development phase and commenced mass production, whilst aspheric glass lenses moulding technique also made progresses. In respect of optoelectronic product business, industrial endoscopes, video door phone modules and laptop camera modules were developed and their mass production was proceeded; a joint venture with China Training Centre Reproductive Headlth and Family Care ( CTC ), an organization under the State Population and Family Planning Commission, completed the R&D of medical endoscope for gynecological examination; and COB technique also made rapid progresses with stable and good quality mass production.
For optical instruments business, three dimensional ( 3D ) vision measuring machines and gas chromatograph were developed. The R&D of aforementioned new products and innovative technologies enhance our product offerings and improve the technology level of our products, thus speeding up the Group s development.
In February 2008, the Group established a new company in Singapore and hired local experts specialized in optical instruments development to develop high-end optical instruments. In December 2008, the Group acquired Power Optics, a Korea-based company, which is engaged in R&D and sales of various camera lens sets for handsets. With the strong R&D capability and sound market foundation of Power Optics, we are confident that our cooperation will benefit both parties and enhance the Group s core competitiveness.

While demand for our optical, optoelectronic components and optical instruments remained steady, we did see pressures from the unfavourable factors such as decline in average selling price, rise in labour cost, appreciation of RMB and increase in effective tax rates.
The Group s revenues decreased by 8.3% during the financial year 2008 to approximately RMB1,267.1 million. Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company decreased by 65.2% to approximately RMB78.4 million, while basic earnings per share decreased by 68.0% to approximately RMB0.08. The Board of Directors (the Board ) has proposed a final dividend of RMB0.020 per share.
As mentioned above, the Group enhanced its own competitiveness continuously and expanded its sales network and customer base proactively during the year, with an aims to cushion the impacts of unfavourable factors on the Group and lay a sound foundation for its 
AWARDS AND ACCOLADES As a testament to our on-going efforts, we have won recognitions and accolades from Forbes Magazine. These awards included the ranked amongst the top 20 China Best SMEs 2008 and 200 Best Under A Billion . The Group also won credit and appreciations in the PRC industry and clients, including the 2007 Top 500 Quality Products Enterprises and Top 100 Enterprises in Ningbo. 2008 .
We are widely recognised for our quality products and services. We also received awards of appreciation from SAMSUNG at the 2008 Samsung Supplier Chairman Forum (greater China region) , Best Supplier at Evolution of Optical Product Quality Exhibition and 2008 Excellent Supplier by Dongguan Samsung; Eco-Partner by Tamaron Optical; the Most Outstanding Suppliers by SIM Technology; the Best Supportive Suppliers for 2008 by Lenovo and the Outstanding Suppliers for 2007 to 2008 by Shenzhen Sang Fei.
The Group cherishs the honours granted by the media, institutions and customers, and will continue to work for excellence.

The year of 2008 was a challenging year in the development history of Sunny Optical. We encountered some adversities under the microeconomic environment. Fortunately, our operations were not materially affected and our financial position remained strong. We excelled our counterparts in terms of results performance. Looking ahead, although there are new opportunities for the Group in 2009, our product mix has been improved and many new products will be on the production stage shortly, but the Group is cautious in estimating its 2009 results since the market demand is highly uncertain. In 2009, while consolidating our existing market share, we are dedicated in exploring international market and new applications.
Directors will closely monitor the changes in relevant markets and procure the management to adopt corresponding strategies to implement the initiative of Transformation from Quantity Expansion to Quality Improvements. Meanwhile, we will further broaden our income sources and reduce expenditures by taking advantage of our experience in surviving the Asian Financial Crisis in 1997, so as to ride out the challenging period in a stable manner and accumulate strengths for our development in the long run.

The many accomplishments we achieved in 2008 were the direct result of the combined efforts of our hard-working staff. Therefore, I wish to sincerely thank my fellow Directors and our Group s employees for their dedication throughout the year, which has helped us overcome difficult market circumstances. Also, I wish to extend my gratitude for the continued support of our shareholders, customers and suppliers.
We are committed to bringing solid financial returns to all our stakeholders by delivering future sustainable business growth.

Hong Kong, 30 March 2009 