Chairman s Statement 
During the previous year, the Group strived to enhance its customer base, improve its product portfolio, consistently promote lean production and integrate internal and external resources, so as to essentially improve the market competitiveness of its products 
Sunny Optical Technology (Group) Company Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) is pleased to present to our shareholders the annual results for 2010. Capitalized on the global economic recovery, the Company has achieved a satisfactory growth 
The previous year has been an extraordinary year for the Group.
Capitalized on the global economic recovery after the financial crisis, we further pursued our Mingpeijiao strategy so as to consistently propel strategic customer expansion as well as product and technological research and development. Meanwhile, by focusing on personnel and organizational establishment, we have attained sound results in improving our corporate management system and intensifying our manufacturing system reform.
In respect of customers and markets, the Group created a new prospect. We made a breakthrough in implementing Mingpeijiao strategy, which obviously optimized our customer base. We have secured a contract for handset camera lens sets with Sharp, a globally renowned handset module manufacturer, allowing us to tap into the first class handset supply chain. Several world s major auto parts suppliers became the major customers of our vehicle lens sets business. In October 2010, the Company set up its Taiwan office, aiming to expand its laptop lens sets and camera modules business 
Our three major business segments, namely optical components, optoelectronic products and optical instruments, accounted for approximately 49.7%, 39.6% and 10.7% of our revenue respectively.
Through incessant products and technologies upgrade in its three major business segments, the Group enhanced its market competitiveness and established its market leadership position in the high-end products. At the same time, the Group also enhanced investment in some of its new businesses. During the year, the Group increased its capital in Visiondigi (Shanghai) Technology Co., Ltd. by approximately RMB20.0 million, to expand its sales channels and product varieties of security surveillance business. Meanwhile, the Group also disposed its surveying instrument business under the optical instrument business segment, so as to concentrate the Group s resources on market expansion for its microscopes, optical analytical instruments and high-end optical measuring instruments, with a view to streamlining and strengthening its optical instruments business.

During the year, the Group s overall operations were running smoothly.
In view of the growing market demand driven by the economic recovery, the Group has already made all kinds of preparations. During the previous year, the Group strived to enhance its customer base, improve its product portfolio, consistently promote lean production and integrate internal and external resources, so as to essentially improve the market competitiveness of its products and technologies. Thanks to these efforts, the Group has successfully seized market opportunities and hence achieved a sound improvement in its performance. The Group s optical components business, optoelectronic products business and optical instruments business attained ideal sales and profits, which made remarkable contributions in achieving the Group s annual targets and laid a stronger foundation for its future expansion in optoelectronic field.
The Group s revenues increased by approximately 38.8% during the financial year 2010 to approximately RMB1,818.1 million. Profit attributable to equity holders of the Group increased by 56.4% to approximately RMB143.8 million, while basic earnings per share increased by 60.0% to approximately RMB0.147. The Board has proposed a final dividend of approximately RMB0.0435 per share.
AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS During 2010, revolving around our core idea, Transformation from Quantity Expansion to Quality Improvement , the Group strived to improve its products and services, through which it obtained high recognitions from the industry and received positive feedbacks from all segments of the society. Relevant authorities in Zhejiang Province accredited the Group as one of the 2010 Top 30 Enterprises of Electronic Information Manufacturing Industry and the 2010 Top 10 Export Enterprises of Electronic Information Industry . Ningbo Municipal Committee of Communist Party of China recognized the Group as the 2009 Ningbo City Safety Enterprises Model Award . In addition, Zhejiang Sunny Optics Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, was awarded with the Silver Award for Excellent Suppliers (*QyOaFUNs) by Panasonic Headquarters and as the Enterprise with Customs AA Class Management (wmAA{tOmi) by the General Administration of Customs of the PRC. Ningbo Sunny Opotech Co., Ltd. passed occupational health and safety management system (OHSAS180001) certification, once again obtained the title of Sangfei 2009 Excellent Supplier , received the Win-win Corporation Award for 2010 (NNtT OqQNs) granted by Lenovo Mobile Communication Technology 
Co., Ltd. and the Yulong Coolpad Best Quality Supplier Award for 2010 (NNt[w>mgsOOaFUNs) and was awarded with the Enterprise with Customs AA Class Management (wmAA {tOmi) by the General Administration of Customs of the PRC.
Ningbo Sunny Instruments Co., Ltd. was granted with the Certificate of Prestigious Product in Zhejiang Province by Zhejiang Bureau of Quality and Technical Supervision. Shanghai Sunny Hengping Scientific Instrument Co., Ltd. passed the appraisal on corporate innovation indicators and performance conducted by Science and Technology Commission of Shanghai Municipal, SASAC of Shanghai Municipal Government and Shanghai Municipal Federation of Trade Unions, and it was also accredited as an 2010 Innovative Enterprise . These awards have strengthened the Group s confidence in transformation 
In 2010, the global economy showed preliminary recovery. We expect it will further revitalize during 2011, but the prospect is still entangled with all kinds of challenges. Uncertainties still linger over the global economic recovery, while salary increment and RMB appreciation are expected to once again pose pressures on corporate operation.
In order to respond to external pressures rationally and seek for greater development, the Group considers that transformation and upgrade are the fundamental ways. During the previous year, we successfully achieved Transformation from Quantity Expansion to Quality Improvement . In the coming year, adhering to this principle, we will emphasize on transformation and upgrade, realize industrial upgrade by developing existing businesses and accelerating new businesses, and attain administration upgrade by strengthening management system, with a view to laying a solid foundation for our overall transformation in future.
In 2011, the Group will focus on overall improvement in its businesses, with a view to providing its customers with higher value-added products and technical services. In particular, we will promote high resolution handset related products and high-precision and high- technical lens of Digital Single Lens Reflex ( DSLR ) to exhibit our advantages in the industry. We will share business opportunities brought by the rapid growth of 3G handsets, smartphones and DSLR, so as to obtain higher income amidst respective market growth. We will further consolidate and deepen our security surveillance cameras, vehicle imaging, infrared imaging and other mid-term businesses, as well as speed up their respective market promotions. These efforts establish a strong foundation for the Group s mid-term and long-term 
The Group has weathered the troughs in its operation since 2008.
Therefore, the coming year will be an onset for its transformation and upgrade. The Group is confident that, in the coming year, it will accomplish all tasks in a practical manner, so as to make the first stride steadily towards transformation and upgrade. Meanwhile, the Group will also maintain a sense of all crisis and risk awareness while fulfilling its corporate governance and enhancing its management quality. Looking into 2011, a year mixed with opportunities and risks, the Group shall remain clear-minded to make sufficient research and judgment on the changing environment, with a view to steer in a right direction in the development of the Group.

Our various accomplishments in 2010 were the direct result of the combined efforts of our diligent staff. Therefore, I wish to sincerely thank my fellow Directors and our Group s employees for their dedication throughout the previous year, and I am pleased to see that their sense of responsibility has pushed the Group forward. Also, I wish to extend my gratitude for the continued support of our shareholders, customers and suppliers. We will continue to deliver sustainable business growth, so as to attain all operational targets and realize higher values for our shareholders and other interest related parties through the year 2011.

Yuyao, Zhejiang, the PRC 14 March 2011 