Chairman s Statement 
Mr. YE Liaoning 
The Company is pleased to present to the shareholders the annual report for 2014. Continuing to seize the golden opportunities arising from the rapid development of smartphone industry and vehicle imaging field, the Group achieved sound growth in overall performance and delivered satisfactory returns to the shareholders in 2014.

Looking back at 2014, the overall global economic growth was sluggish, resulting in an uneven recovery process. While affected by the factors such as weak external demand and declining domestic demand, the growth of China s economy continued to slow down with increasing downward pressure. Meanwhile, the PRC government adopted a series of measures to stabilise its macroeconomic growth and optimise its economic structure. Against the unfavourable macroeconomic environment, the global consumer electronic market has still achieved stable growth. Among the global consumer electronic market, the smartphone market in the PRC performed the best and became the main driving force promoting the overall growth of the industry. Besides, the vehicle imaging field grew rapidly with strong momentum due to blooming market demand. Being the leading handset lens sets and handset camera module provider in China and the largest vehicle lens sets supplier in the world, the Group has benefited from the growth.
During the previous year, the Group s core business developed well with satisfying growth of Optical Components and Optoelectronic Products business segments. The achievement revealed the Group s efforts in pursuing the three major objectives of high technology, high efficiency and high value, implementing the development strategies of Dedicated to and Focused on Existing Advantageous Businesses and Speeding Up the Implementation of Transformation and Upgrade , integrating external resources actively and strengthening the overall competitiveness of its existing businesses. Moreover, the Company will lay a solid foundation for the medium to long term development of the Group by devoting more resources, adhering to R&D of products and technologies with innovations, strengthening cooperation with international hi-tech companies, making active deployment in new technologies and emerging industries and expanding its markets.

With the efforts of the staff and the right development strategy, the Group attained outstanding achievements in 2014. The vital and experienced management of the Group set high standards on themselves and are united. They, leading our staff, responded proactively to difficulties and challenges, practised the Group s corporate culture of Create Together as its core value and captured the favourable opportunities in each business segment. We continued our efforts to enhance the Group s competitiveness with our technology and understanding on the needs of customers in order to consolidate the Group s leading position in the market. Meanwhile, through accumulating years of experiences and resources reserve, the Group expanded to broader application fields, and its product and customer structures were further optimised. The overall results of the Group matched with its anticipated growth.
The Group s revenues increased by approximately 45.0% during the financial year 2014 to approximately RMB8,426.5 million. Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company increased by approximately 28.5% to approximately RMB566.1 million, while basic earnings per share increased by approximately 19.4% to approximately RMB52.91 cents. The Board has proposed a final dividend of approximately RMB0.155 (2013: approximately RMB0.121) per share.
AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS In 2014, the Group implemented the strategy of Transformation and Upgrade , continued to invest in R&D and new technologies, and was mindful about improving the standard of its corporate governance and management. With the collaboration of our staff, the Group received numerous accreditations, which revealed that the Group s products, services, technical capacity, production capacity and management capacity were highly recognised in the industries and by our customers. Being encouraged by the awards and honours received, the Group would strive to provide our customers with better products and services, and would carry on the strategy of Transformation and Upgrade with determination.

In 2015, the global macroeconomic environment will be more complex and volatile. The growth of the economy of the PRC will be slower from its anticipated to drop from rapidly to moderately. In addition, the growth of smartphone market in China will slow down, leading to a fiercer competition in the industry. But the good news is that the major branded customers are putting increasing efforts in the development of digital and intelligent images to demonstrate the technology level in their end products, so as to gain market shares. The future development prospect of the Group, being an optical expert focusing on optics and optoelectronic related fields for 30 years, is huge.
Looking ahead, the Group will continue to implement its Speeding Up the Implementation of Transformation and Upgrade strategy and persist in its strategy of Mingpeijiao ( TM), with the objective of building the Group as one of the world s most prestigious optoelectronic enterprises. The Group will transform from an optical products manufacturer to a smart optical systems solution provider, and from an instrument manufacturer to a system integrator. The Group will continue its endless exploration and pursuit of the optical field, integrate internal and external resources, and give full play to its advantages, with a view to achieving the corporate vision of a Hundred Years Old Brand ultimately.

The Group would like to express its appreciation to all the staff for their outstanding contribution towards the Group s development. The Board wishes to sincerely thank the management for their dedication and diligence, and they are the key factors for the Group to continue its success in future. Also, the Group wishes to extend its gratitude for the continued support from its shareholders, customers, and business partners. The Group will continue to deliver sustainable business development, so as to meet its business objectives for 2015 and realise higher values for its shareholders and other stakeholders.

9 March 2015 