Chairman s Statement 
I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2015 for shareholders review. On behalf of the Board and all employees of the Company, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders for your care for and support for the Company.
Product Market Reviews Primary Aluminum Market In 2015, the international and domestic price of primary aluminum was in a downward trend albeit with fluctuations and experienced a cliff-like drop in the fourth quarter. The price remained at a low level although it stablised following a dip at the end of the year.
In terms of international market, the international price of aluminum rapidly fell below USD1,800 per tonne due to the traditional slack season in the first quarter and even dropped to the level occurred in the middle of 2014 for a time. The later recovery of market demands and significant contango of international spot aluminum contributed to the increase in the international price of aluminum to USD1,977 per tonne at the beginning of May 2015, offsetting the drop in the earlier period. After that, the international price of aluminum fell again due to the increasing overcapacity and supply pressure and dipped to the lowest point for the first half year at USD1,671 per tonne in June 2015. Ever since the third quarter of 2015, the increase in supply and demand pressure in the global aluminum market has pushed the international price of aluminum to continuously hit new lows of recent years and even approach the low point recorded upon the financial crisis in 2008 for a time. Such fall last until the end of the year when the price of aluminum gradually stablised following the dip. In 2015, the average prices of spot aluminum and three-month aluminum futures at LME amounted to USD1,663 per tonne and USD1,682 per tonne, respectively, representing a decrease of 10.9% and 11.1% over 2014, respectively.
In terms of domestic market, due to the intensified imbalance between supply and demand in the aluminum market, the price of aluminum rapidly fell and hit a new low of recent years at RMB12,445 per tonne. With the gradual recovery of consumption after the Spring Festival as well as the production reduction of certain enterprises and increase in the lock percentage of domestic aluminum inventory, the supply pressure in the spot market tended to be mitigated, and the price of aluminum gradually picked up and even reached RMB13,620 per tonne for a time. In the second half of 2015, confronted with the increasing supply pressure, the price of aluminum continuously hit new lows and fell below RMB10,000 per tonne to the lowest of RMB9,550 per tonne in November 2015. The consequent massive production reduction of electrolytic aluminum enterprises was the important reason for the stabilising and picking-up of the price of aluminum in December 2015. In 2015, the average prices of spot aluminum and three-month aluminum futures at SHFE amounted to RMB12,279 per tonne and RMB12,300 per tonne, respectively, representing a decrease of 9.7% and 10.2% over 2014, respectively.
According to the statistics, the global output and consumption of primary aluminum for 2015 were approximately 57.20 million tonnes and approximately 57.84 million tonnes, respectively. The domestic output and consumption of primary aluminum were approximately 31.00 million tonnes and approximately 30.64 million tonnes, respectively. As of the end of December 2015, the capacity utilization rate of primary aluminum enterprises in the world (inclusive of the PRC) was 78.85%, while that of the PRC was 79.61%.

In 2015, the domestic and international price of alumina went down further under the impact of the continuously low price of aluminum.
In terms of international market, despite of the strong performance in the first half of 2015 and the rebound in April 2015, the international price of alumina, dragged down by the price of alumina in the PRC, experienced an accelerated plunge in June 2015 and dropped to USD201 per tonne at the end of December 2015, representing a decrease of 43.3% as compared with the USD354.5 per tonne at the end of 2014.
In terms of domestic market, the price of aluminum remained low. Against the backdrop of general loss in the industry of electrolytic aluminum, a large number of domestic electrolytic aluminum enterprises implemented flexible production, resulting in a rapid drop in the demand for alumina and a sharp rise in supply pressure.
Furthermore, most domestic electrolytic aluminum enterprises continuously reduced their inventory of alumina due to their poor financial position in recent years, thus imposing more pressure on the inventory of alumina enterprises and suppressing the price. In 2015, the price of domestic spot alumina fell unilaterally and the downward trend was fiercer after September 2015 as compared with that in the first half year. At the end of December 2015, the price dropped to RMB1,631 per tonne, the lowest price throughout the year, representing a decrease of RMB1,120 per tonne or 40.71% as compared with the RMB2,751 per tonne at the beginning of the year.
According to the statistics, the global output and consumption of alumina for 2015 were approximately 120.86 million tonnes and approximately 117.81 million tonnes, respectively. The domestic output and consumption of alumina were approximately 58.65 million tonnes and approximately 61.83 million tonnes, respectively. Net imported alumina in the PRC amounted to approximately 4.36 million tonnes in 2015. As of the end of December 2015, the alumina capacity utilization rate of alumina enterprises in the world (inclusive of the PRC) was approximately 82.78%, while that of the PRC was approximately 84.21%.

In 2015, the overall situation featured by sluggish world economy, slow growth of domestic economy, continuously low price of bulk commodity and serious oversupply in the aluminum industry was not fundamentally alleviated and the continuously low price of aluminum exposed the whole industry to loss.
Faced with the abnormally rigorous situation, the Company went all out to carry out works in terms of controlling losses and increasing profits, transformation and upgrading, reform and innovation, stablising safety and environmental protection as well as capital operation. By pegging to the targets, the Company implemented strategies according to its own conditions. With monthly analysis and strict assessment, it operated development in a practical way with a view to become larger, efficient, stronger and dynamic ( R nXNd ). The major works performed by the Company in 2015 are as follows: 1. Significant achievements were made in respect of reducing costs and increasing profits through further reinforcement of production and operation management, tapping potentials and reducing consumption. By virtue of technological innovation and lean management, the Company continuously optimised the main indicators in the production of alumina and electrolytic aluminum. The costs of electricity consumption of the Company were reduced due to the construction of captive power plants and the preferential policies on electricity prices. Besides, the Company reduced its costs of bulk purchase by means of centralized purchasing, united negotiation and separate agreement, regional collaboration and other measures. In the mean time, prominent results were also obtained in chemical alumina reform, comprehensive utilization of red mud, alloying of electrolytic aluminum, quality improvement and costs reduction of carbon, and other special works.
2. Flexible production was steadily implemented to resolutely phase out outdated capacity and stop losses in an effective way. The Company shut down certain production lines with outdated capacity and enterprises with little hope of recovery through flexible production, development through transitions, relocation from the urban area to industrial zones, etc., to further reduce loss sources and stop the 
3. The Company strengthened capital operation and revitalised stock assets. In June 2015, the Company raised RMB8 billion by non-public offering of A shares, increasing its equity capital. It retivalised the stock assets of the Company, increased investment income and cash inflow and cultivated new profit growth points by way of share transfer, land purchase and storage, disposal of electrolytic aluminum assets, transfer of idle land and properties, introduction of strategic investors and other measures.
4. The Company further optimised the industrial layout and accelerated the promotion of transformation and upgrading. It has preliminarily formed an idea of resource-dependent alumina layout which covers the planning and establishment of alumina bases in the regions with the most concentrated and richest bauxite resources in the PRC. According to the idea of energy-dependent electrolytic aluminum layout, the Company vigorously built electrolytic aluminum production bases in the areas which are rich in energy, and cultivated a batch of outstanding key electrolytic aluminum enterprises. In addition, it has followed the industrial layout idea to organise implementation and construction of a batch of key projects. Guizhou Huajin Project, a newly constructed alumina project with the annual output of 1.6 million tons of the Company, recorded profit in the year of commencement of production; the 2660MW ultra-supercritical power generation project of Chalco Ningxia Energy progressed smoothly.
5. The Company strengthened capital management and expanded financing channels to guarantee fund safety. In a severe financing environment, it utilised debt instruments in a reasonable way and made overall capital arrangements to ensure a smooth financing channel and basically stable credit rating with orderly renewal of existing debts. In addition, the Company s anti-risk capability was enhanced through optimizing the debt structure. The Company supplemented the low-cost long-term funds through financial leasing; it issued the first tranche of perpetual medium-term debentures with a total amount of RMB2 billion, blazing a new trail for domestic equity financing.
6. The Company accelerated the application of scientific and technical achievements and gave full play to the core advantages of science and technology. Technological advancement was an significant route for the Company to stop losses, overcome difficulties and achieve transformation and upgrading. In 2015, the Company carried out 62 technological research and development projects in different categories, including 18 key special projects, 6 technological promotion projects and 38 independent research and development projects covering mine, alumina, chemical alumina, aluminum electrolysis, carbon, recovery and comprehensive utilization of industrial wastes, safety and environmental protection, and 
7. The Company s vitality was promoted through further reform and innovation of management. The production costs and various expenses were significantly reduced through learning from advanced enterprises in terms of technical and economic indicators of alumina, electrolytic aluminum, energy, carbon, caustic soda, etc. With an aim to improve labour productivity, the Company carried out optimal allocation of staff in a steady way by means of employment through competition, dismissal of dispatched staff, early retirement and other means. Further efforts were made to deepen the market-oriented reform to enhance the Company s core competitiveness. The remuneration reforms, e.g.
agreement wage, benefit-based commission and other distribution system reforms introduced in the enterprise in Zhongzhou, fully aroused the enthusiasm of cadres and staff.

The Board did not propose any final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2015 and such proposal is subject to approval of shareholders at the forthcoming 2015 annual general meeting.

For the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group recorded revenue of RMB123,446 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 13.07% or RMB18,554 million from RMB142,000 million in 2014. Profit attributable to owners of the Company and earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company was RMB206 million and RMB0.01 respectively.
Business Outlook and Prospects In 2016, with cost reduction and benefit increase, reform and innovation, transformation and upgrading ( M,gXHe09eiuRe0IWGS} ) as the main working idea, the Company will reason out the costs based on the market conditions and promote reform with costs. It will make innovations in the way of becoming larger, efficient, stronger and dynamic and adopt precision management, step up structural adjustment, striving to stop losses, overcome difficulties and make a new stride in transformation and upgrading. The focus will be placed on the following tasks: 1. Further enhancing the cost competitiveness. The Company will insist on determining the cost reduction goal by reference to market prices. The Company will endeavour to make sure that projects newly put into operation and technological improvement projects will reach the designed capacity. To minimise the purchase price of raw materials and fuels, alumina enterprises will strive to cut down the procurement costs of ore, coal and two kinds of alkalies, while electrolytic aluminum enterprises will mainly focus on the negotiation of on-grid price. All enterprises will align their comparable expenses and technical indicators to the optimal internal standards. Redundant personnel on production lines will be dismissed aiming at reaching the labour productivity of advanced enterprises. Online and offline competitive mechanisms will be established to further increase productivity.
2. Continuing to cultivate competitiveness for the entire industrial chain. The Company will commit to optimising the layout of alumina, striving to achieve industrial agglomeration benefits, and intensify mine management. It will exert more efforts in respect of acquisition of domestic and overseas high quality bauxite resources and speed up the construction of a batch of its own mines including Guizhou Maochang mine and Zhongzhou Duancun Leigou mine. The costs of electricity of electrolytic aluminum enterprises will be further reduced through construction of the projects integrating coal, electricity and aluminum and obtaining preferential electricity prices. Stocks will be revitalised by leverage of increment to form core competitive advantages of the whole industrial chain. In order to increase the added value of products, the Company will proactively develop the aluminum alloy market and extend the industrial chain. Centering on the main businesses, the Company will engage in synergetic development of competitive energy industries and strengthen the management of captive power plants to cut energy costs while proactively exploring and conducting electricity sales business. In the industrial parks with incremental loads, it will develop local area networks to create new profit growth points. To give a positive response to the national one belt and one road strategy, the Company will accelerate international cooperation in respect of overseas production capacity of aluminum to provide powerful resource guarantee for the establishment of overseas alumina supply bases.
3. Continuing to optimize quality of assets and improve the efficiency of assets utilization. The Company will make the best of national de-capacity policies to further increase the efforts on phasing out outdated capacity or implementing flexible production for alumina and electrolytic aluminum enterprises or production lines with high total costs and lack of competitive advantages. Through the combination of shut-down with transformation and upgrading and with capacity transfer and reorganization, the capacity shut down will be moved or relocated to the regions with advantages in terms of energy and resource. In this way, the outdated capacity will be phased out steadily and the appropriate capacity, equipment, land and other stock assets will be revitalized for forming new profit growth points.
4. Continuing to foster new power for reform and development. The Company will put more efforts on assessment reform to stimulate cadres and staff at all levels in the head office and subsidiaries of the Company to fulfill the target of cost reduction and benefit increase. The technology incentive mechanism will be subject to further innovation. The Company will strengthen the construction of a technology talent team, speed up the integration of scientific and technological resources and further reinforce technological research and development as well as promotion and application. The supporting role of technological innovation will be effectively exerted in cost reduction and benefit increase as well as energy conservation and emission reduction. By deepening the innovation of investment management system and mechanism, the investment standards for newly constructed projects will be further optimised and such projects will be subject to strict control. In addition, the Company will continue to enhance the management of professional project construction teams to ensure the success rate and rate of return of investment projects.
5. Vigorously strengthening financial management to prevent internal control risks. With the further strengthened system for centralised financial management featured by vertical management and tiered accountability ( Wv{t0R} ), the Company will optimise the configuration of financial management authority to realize effective combination of decentralization with management and control. By full utilisation of management means and financial instruments, the Company will achieve revitalization of existing capital, well utilization of capital increment and optimization of debt structure. The capital operation efficiency and benefits will be improved through compressing stock and reducing quota ( XX[0M[M ). In addition, the Company will enhance the construction of a financial controller team and continue to improve the financial regulation system to intensify capital risk control and effectively avoid and prevent financial risks. More efforts will be made on internal audit and improvement of the construction of an internal control system. Furthermore, internal control evaluation will be performed in a prompt and effective way for the purpose of continuous enhancement of risk warning capacity and management level.
6. Reinforcing safety and environmental protection to create a good working environment and shouldering corporate social responsibility. The Company will further improve the management and organization systems for safety and environmental protection and perfect related mechanism. Relevant trainings on laws, regulations and knowledge in relation to safety and environmental protection will be offered to enhance staff s awareness of safety and environmental protection and the capacity of managers at all levels to fulfill their duties in respect of safety and environmental protection. The Company will continue to screen and solve hidden dangers with safety and environmental protection and strengthen tracking and supervision. Technological transformation will still be required for air pollution prevention and control facilities and it is also necessary to improve the operation and maintenance of environmental protection facilities and further implement the transformation for desulphurization, de-nitrification and dust clearing. Besides, the Company will provide intensive education and training on safety and environmental protection and intensify comprehensive utilization and construction of green mines. It intends to improve the civilized production level on site by way of the specific projects for deepening transformation of operation and reinforcing on-site management ( mSKqIW07_Ss4X{t ) to be implemented on a continual basis to realise intrinsic safety.
Ao Hong (Acting) 
