Chairman s Statement 
I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the financial year ended December 31, 2010 for shareholders review. On behalf of the Board of the Company and all employees, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders for their concern and support for the Company.
Product Market Reviews The supply and demand as well as the price of aluminum are closely tied to changes in the global and the PRC macro-economies. Changes in the global and PRC economic climate have a significant impact on the aluminum market.
Primary Aluminum Market Under the influence of economic stimulus packages worldwide, the global economy and the demand for aluminum gradually recovered in the year 2010, the supply of aluminum increased accordingly and the annual demand and supply of aluminum basically attained equilibrium. However, beset by the European debt crisis, China s control policies such as those over the real estate sector and energy saving and emission reduction as well as the tight electricity supply in Europe, global aluminum prices remained range-bound with sharp fluctuations. In mid-April, China s control policies over the real estate sector and the European debt crisis had driven the global aluminum price to plummet. Both prices of three- month aluminum futures at the London Metal Exchange (hereafter as LME ) and Shanghai Futures Exchange of the PRC (hereafter as SHFE ) hit year-low at USD1,844 per tonne and RMB14,580 per tonne, respectively. In November, after the introduction of quantitative easing monetary policy by the U.S. government, bulk commodity prices moved steadily upwards due to factors such as excessive liquidity, depreciation of the U.S. dollar and reduction of aluminum production as a result of China s energy saving and emission reduction policies. Prices of three-month aluminum futures at both LME and SHFE surged to year-high reaching USD2,477 per tonne and RMB18,470 per tonne, respectively. The average three-month aluminum futures prices for 2010 at LME and SHFE were USD2,272 per tonne and RMB16,186 per tonne, representing a year-on-year increase of 34.5% and 20.3%, respectively.
In 2010, the global output of primary aluminum was approximately 41.90 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 11.2%; the global consumption of primary aluminum was approximately 41 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 19.6%; the domestic output of primary aluminum was approximately 15.65 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.5% and the domestic consumption of primary aluminum was approximately 16.50 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 19.5%. As of the end of 2010, the production utilization rate of primary aluminum manufacturers in the world (inclusive of those of the PRC) was 75.5%, while that of the PRC 
In 2010, international and domestic prices of spot alumina fluctuated upward. At the beginning of the year, alumina price rose as alumina supply decreased due to the resumption of production of aluminum manufacturers and the reduction of production of alumina manufacturers. Following the drop of aluminum price in the middle of the year, international and domestic prices of spot alumina fell to as low as USD300 per tonne and RMB2,400 per tonne, respectively. Since late July, alumina price gradually rebounded as a result of the launch of newly-constructed aluminum production capacity and the rise of aluminum price; the FOB price of spot alumina in the international market rose to as high as USD390 per tonne. At present, the FOB price of spot alumina in the international market is approximately USD385 per tonne and the price of spot alumina price in the domestic market is approximately RMB2,850 per 
The global output of alumina for 2010 was approximately 82.01 million tonnes, representing a year- on-year increase of 12.9% and the consumption was approximately 82.86 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.5%. The domestic output of alumina was approximately 28.94 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 21.4%; the demand for alumina was approximately 31.50 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 19.2%; imported alumina amounted to approximately 4.31 million tonnes in 2010, representing a year-on-year decrease of 16.1%. With the resumption of primary aluminum production, alumina manufacturers around the world have gradually increased their production utilization rate since the third quarter. As of the end of December 2010, the production utilization rate of alumina manufacturers in the world (inclusive of those of the PRC) was 85.0%, while that of the PRC was 82.2%.

In 2010, the volatility of aluminum price posed grave challenges to the Group s production and operation. Focusing on its controlling loss and increasing profit principle and centered around structural adjustment as well as strategic transformation and based on the principle of centralized management and delegated operations , the Group adopted effective scientific counter-measures to further enhance its fundamental management, costs and expenses as well as investment controls and reduction of energy consumption, thus safeguarding and stabilizing production and operation of the Group, thereby turning losses into profits. At the same time, the Group has expanded its business scope to other resources to include coal and iron ore.
1. Refined fundamental management and reengineered business processes. In response to the complex market conditions, the Group, with a focus on operation transformation, initially established a standardized scientific production system through strengthening its fundamental management and proactively developing production and operation assessments. The Group s operating performance continued to improve. In 2010, the Group s alumina output amounted to 10.13 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 30.3%; the output of alumina chemicals amounted to 1.2 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.3%; the output of primary aluminum products amounted to 3.84 million tonnes, representing a year-on- year increase of 11.6%; the output of aluminum fabrication products amounted to 0.59 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 43.9%.
2. Stringent cost control, reducing costs and raising efficiency throughout its business process. The Group continued the implementation of cost reduction and efficiency improvement in every production flow and position, making the best of its potentials and consistently improved its technical and economical indicators and strived to reduce materials and energy consumption and 
3. Further tightened financial management. In accordance with the new management and control model, the Group adjusted its budget management methods and methodologies and applied a return-on-assets oriented performance assessment model. The Group also ensured the orderly operation of cash flow and maintained its cash flow at normal levels through refined cash flow management, and reduced financing expenses and controlled financial risks through adjusting its 
4. Further preservation of resources. The Group speeded up the efforts in mine constructions to increase bauxite output from self-operated mines and continued to improve the stability of bauxite supply and the level of comprehensive utilization of the resources. In 2010, the amount of bauxite from self-operated mines made a 19.4% year-on-year increase with an addition of 91 million tonnes of bauxite to its domestic reserves and 3.95 million tonnes to its self-operated mining 
5. Accelerated construction of its structural adjustment exercise to actively promote projects with short investments, low costs and quick results . Focusing on investment cost reduction, the Group adopted effective measures to optimize project design and selected appropriate project construction method for projects based on the special features of the projects, to ensure an all- round project investment control.
6. Proactively promoted technology advancement and industrialization. The Group independently researched and developed certain advanced and practical new technologies. In particular, the Group put a major emphasis on the promotion of the technologies related to energy saving and emission reduction such as the recycle of residual heat emitted in alumina production, the improvement on cycle efficiency of Bayer process, the technology for the recycle of vanadium in alumina production, the installation of remodeled electrolytic cells in newly-built production cells as well as the application of cell-voltage-reduction in normal production cells and the recycle of residual heat from carbon production in furnace. The Group also widely applied highly effective hotcold rolling technology with short process and conducted industrialization of double zero alloy aluminum foil with high surface quality and low pinhole degree as well as 1235H14 standard width aluminum foil billet, all of which generated significant economic benefits.
7. Making further efforts in energy saving and emission reduction. The Group set development goals and assurance policies for its recycling economy aspiring to transform itself into a resource efficient enterprise. Through streamlining its production processes, phasing out obsolete equipment and actively adjusting its industry portfolio, the Group speeded up the applications of comprehensive energy reduction technologies, which in aggregate saved energy equivalent to 0.46 million tonnes of standard coal in 2010. The Group also had a 4%, 1.3% and 11.1% year-on-year decrease in the overall consumption of energy in alumina production, alternating current in aluminum ingot production and energy in aluminum production respectively.
8. Proactively initiating negotiations and cooperation in direct purchase of electricity. As of the end of 2010, one company of the Group directly purchased electricity throughout the entire year while another four benefited from direct electricity purchase policy at different times of the year.
9. Completion of initial establishment of comprehensive risk management system, thereby laying a solid foundation to better safeguard the Company s operation risks and improve the standard of its risk management and control.
10. Further promotion of overseas projects. The Group entered into a new round of negotiations with the government of Queensland, Australia in relation to the development of bauxite resources in Aurukun and further progressed with the aluminum and power project in Saudi Arabia and the aluminum plant project in Sarawak, Malaysia. Furthermore, the Group entered into a joint development agreement with Rio Tinto plc and Rio Tinto Iron Ore Atlantic Limited, an affiliate of Rio Tinto plc, in relation to the joint development of the iron ore project in Simandou, Guinea.

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2010 of RMB0.0114 per share (tax inclusive) in cash to its shareholders, totalling to RMB154 million, representing 35% of the Company s profit for the year ended December 31, 2010. The proposed distribution of final dividends is subject to shareholders approval at the forthcoming 2010 annual general meeting.

The revenue of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2010 amounted to RMB120.99 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 72.19%. Profit for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company was RMB0.78 billion. Earnings per share attributable to the equity holders of the Company 
Business Outlook and Prospects While the global economy is expected to continue its slow recovery in 2011, it still faces significant challenges ahead. Influenced by factors such as inflation and currency depreciation, aluminum price is expected to fluctuate upward. The Group will focus on creating new competitive edges, and progressing with its structuring adjustment and technology innovation, to step up the transformation of its operation.
The Group will also enhance its fundamental management, continuously improve its production performance, reduce production costs and strengthen its control over loss and increase profit. To steadily achieve strategic transformation, raise its profitability and risk resistance capability, the Group will put its efforts on the following aspects: 1. Continue to strengthen its fundamental management, step up the structural adjustment of its operation, and tap the full potential of its management in order to achieve lean management. The Group will continue to improve its operational performance and returns on assets by adopting an innovative business model and realizing the potentials of its existing assets.
2. Press ahead with its structural adjustment. In respect of bauxite, the Group will step up efforts to acquire and explore domestic resources and increase bauxite reserves to ensure stable resource supply, raise self-mining proportion in accordance with resources-first principle and actively participate in and promote promising international exploitation and development projects. In respect of alumina, the Group will further upgrade the production skills and techniques and optimize production process, further optimize the production layout and strategically establish alumina plants in favourable locations to replace obsolete capacity. In respect of aluminum, the Group will further refine and phase out obsolete capacity and pave way for the relocation of production capacity to coal-, water- and electricity-rich areas in order to achieve full integration of coal and aluminum operations. The Group will also promote the use of advanced equipment and technologies such as remodeled electrolytic cells and zero effect low voltage to continue the reduction of overall energy consumption. In respect of aluminum fabrication, with a focus on the development of cutting-edge aluminum materials, the Group will step up efforts in the research and development of new materials with an emphasis on aluminum materials for aerospace, aviation and transportation.
3. Continue to adjust capital structure, optimize debt portfolio and lower financing costs. The Group will further improve its budget management and control system and continue to develop the analysis of monthly performance to optimize its performance indicators. The Group will refine the management and control of cash flow budgets and prepare for the maintenance of capital balance in low reserve periods to ensure stable cash supply. The Group will explore low-cost financing methods, and reasonably deploy various debt financing tools to reduce the cost of capital. The Group will also step up its monitoring and control over the credit risks of its subsidiaries to guard against credit risks.
4. Continue with its technology innovation. With the theme of its structural adjustment, lowering costs, enhancing efficiency and reducing energy consumption and emission, and on the basis of improving its operating performance, the Group will accelerate the industrialization of advanced technologies. It will further improve its process management in respect of common, key and major projects so as to ensure major technological breakthroughs for setting the stage for industrialization. At the same time, the Group will selectively apply scientific technology and basic research to ensure its sustainable development.
5. Further streamlining procurement process, step up the promotion and application of the use of the procurement platform of the Group s electronic business system, continue to foster strategic cooperation with major raw materials suppliers, broaden supply channels, and optimize resource allocation, so as to maintain a stable supply and reasonable level of inventories of raw materials and effectively reduce procurement cost. The Group will continue to proactively initiate negotiations and cooperation in direct purchase of electricity. The Group will also continue to refine its sales management system by adopting innovative sales model, improving market analyses and estimates, boosting its capabilities to tap the market and raising operation standards, under the centralized management and authorized operation system, in order to expand its market shares and the profitability of its sales.
6. Proactively promote resource acquisition and mine construction, with priority given to key restructuring projects, energy-saving and emission reduction initiatives, and technological renovation projects with significant benefits that are integral to the Group s sustainable development. The Group will effectively control and reduce project investments through the adoption of a diversified approach to project construction. The Group will also further refine its investment management system as well as its project management measures and process.
7. Further refine its risk management system on all fronts by strengthening the day-to-day operations and maintenance of the system and formulating comprehensive risk management system to strengthen risk prevention and control in key areas.
8. Further improve and optimize the three management systems in respect of (i) organization and management; (ii) statistics collection, supervision and inspection; and (iii) assessment, award and penalty, for energy saving and emission reduction. The Group will expedite its research and development of key energy saving and emission reduction technologies, such as efficient and environmental-friendly aluminum production techniques, increasingly promote the application of remodeled electrolytic cells and technologies for efficient and energy-saving alumina production, whilst actively adjusting its power structure to increase the proportion of clean energies in its 
9. Accelerate overseas development. Apart from proceeding with the Aurukun project in Australia, the Sarawak project in Malaysia, the aluminum and power project in Saudi Arabia and the iron ore project in Guinea, the Group will also play an active role in global resource allocation.
In 2011, we will do our utmost to achieve our goals as a return to our shareholders.

