Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the annual report of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2008 for shareholders review. On behalf of the Board of the Company and all employees, I would like to express my gratitude to all shareholders for their concern and support for the 
Product Market Reviews The supply and demand as well as the price of aluminum are closely tied to changes in the global and PRC macro- economy. Changes in the global and PRC economic climate have a significant impact on the aluminum 
Primary Aluminum Market During the year 2008, the international and domestic prices of primary aluminum were volatile. Prior to September, affected by various factors such as the U.S.
subprime crisis, economic slowdown in western countries as well as power restriction and production cuts of primary aluminum in countries such as the PRC and South Africa, the highest price of spot aluminum at the London Metal Exchange (hereafter as LME ) reached US$3,260 per tonne as compared to the lowest price of US$2,370 per tonne. The highest and the lowest prices of spot aluminum on the Shanghai Futures Exchange (hereafter as SHFE ) were RMB21,600 per tonne and RMB18,040 per tonne respectively. Since October, the aluminum price experienced a consecutive sharp fall with the deepening and intensification of the international financial crisis. Prices of spot aluminum on the LME and SHFE hit a record low of US$1,471 per tonne and RMB10,050 per tonne, respectively. The average price of spot aluminum as quoted by LME in 2008 was US$2,573 per tonne, representing a decrease of 2.5% over the corresponding period last year, while that of SHFE was RMB17,345 per tonne, representing a decrease of 11.4% over the corresponding period last year.
In 2008, the global output of primary aluminum was approximately 39.96 million tonnes, representing an increase of 4.7% over the corresponding period last year.
The global consumption of aluminum was approximately 38.13 million tonnes, representing an increase of 0.8% over the corresponding period last year. Since 2008, especially in the fourth quarter when international financial crisis posed a deepening impact on entities economy, major aluminum consumption industries such as the real estate and automobile sectors have seen negative growth, followed by dampened global aluminum consumption and surge in stocks. In light of the sharp decline in aluminum prices and weakened consumption, both national and international aluminum manufacturers reduced production in succession. By the end of December 2008, the production capacity so reduced by global aluminum enterprises accounted for approximately 13.5% of the total production capacity around the world, while the reduction by PRC enterprises accounted for approximately 24.1% of the total production capacity of the PRC. In 2008, the domestic output of primary aluminum was approximately 13.18 million tonnes, representing an increase of 4.9% over the corresponding period last year and the domestic consumption of primary aluminum was approximately 12.50 million tonnes, representing an increase of 0.5% over the corresponding period last year.

In 2008, international and domestic prices of spot alumina retreated gradually. The CIF PRC price for spot alumina in the international market went up to a maximum of approximately US$450 per tonne, while the alumina price bottomed at approximately US$200 per tonne due to outpaced expansion in alumina production capacity, depleted production of aluminum manufacturers and drastic decrease in demand. The highest and lowest prices of domestic spot alumina were RMB4,500 per tonne and RMB1,850 tonne respectively. At present, the price is approximately RMB1,900 per tonne.
The global output of alumina for 2008 was approximately 79.18 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.2%; the consumption reached approximately 78.07 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.5%. In light of production cuts of aluminum, global alumina manufacturers have started to downsize production since the fourth quarter. By the end of December 2008, the production capacity of alumina so reduced by global and the domestic aluminum enterprises accounted for approximately 9.8% of the total global production capacity, while the reduction in the PRC accounted for 24.4% of the total domestic production capacity. In 2008, the domestic output of alumina products reached approximately 22.78 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.1%. The demand for alumina was approximately 26.70 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.7%. In 2008, alumina imported into the PRC amounted to approximately 4.58 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year decrease of 12.4%.

In 2008, the disasters including snow storm and earthquake in the PRC caused substantial losses to the Group, international financial crisis, raw material price hikes and sharply decreasing commodity prices further posed unprecedented difficulties and challenges to the Group s production and operation. The Group adopted effective countermeasures that were scientific, strengthened its management, reduced energy consumption, tapped potentials, increased efficiency, controlled costs and expenses, stabilized supply, strengthened sales and constrained investment to enable a stable operation of the Group s production and business.
1. Stability in production. The Group proactively addressed challenges arising from natural disasters at home and financial crisis across the globe. Faced with serious natural disasters, the Group promptly kicked start emergency plans and completed post-disaster rehabilitation ahead of schedule. In response to rapidly deteriorating market conditions, the Group decisively adjusted its operating strategies by shifting to more flexible and profit-oriented production plans. In 2008, the production volume of alumina reached 9.02 million tonnes, representing a decrease of 5.8% over the corresponding period last year. The production volume of alumina chemicals was 1.04 million tonnes, representing an increase of 1.5% over the corresponding period last year.
The production volume of primary aluminum amounted to 3.25 million tonnes, representing an increase of 16.1% over the corresponding period last year. The production volume of aluminum fabrication products was 353,000 tonnes, representing an increase of 341.3% over the corresponding period last year.
2. Strengthening financial management and controlling costs and expenses to secure stable cash flow. Making use of low-cost financing method to optimize debt structures. On financial management, the Group timely built resilience against risk via more in-depth economic breakdown as well as improved budget and cash flow alert system. At the same time, the Group worked hard to cut materials and energy consumption, stringently controlled costs and expenses, constrained expenditure and reinforced stock management.
On May 22, 2008, the Company obtained approval from the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors to issue medium-term notes with a total principal sum of up to RMB10 billion in the PRC, to be issued by tranches. It was valid until May 20, 2010. In June 2008, the Company issued the 2008 first tranche of medium-term notes in the principal amount of RMB5 billion at par with face value of RMB100 for nominal value of RMB100 per unit, bearing an annual interest rate of 5.30% with a maturity period of three years. In October 2008, the Company successfully issued the second tranche of medium-term notes for 2008 in the principal amount of RMB5 billion at par with face value of RMB100 for nominal value of RMB100 per unit, bearing an annual interest rate of 4.58% with a maturity period of five years. The net proceeds aforementioned are to be principally used to supplement working capital and to refinance bank borrowings of the Group.
In February and July 2008, the Company successfully issued short-term bonds with total principal amounts of RMB2 billion and RMB3 billion at par, respectively, in the PRC with a face value of RMB100 each, bearing coupon interest rates of 4.99% and 4.83% respectively, with a maturity period of 
3. Optimising industry chain to enhance risk resistance. Acquisitions of five aluminum fabrication enterprises and one aluminum enterprise had been completed. On May 12, 2008, the Company submitted a bid for the acquisition of 100% of the equity interests in Longxing Aluminum, 100% of the equity interests in Chalco Southwest Aluminum Cold Rolling, 84.02% of the equity interests in Henan Aluminum, 75% of the equity interests in Chalco Ruimin, 60% of the equity interests in Chalco Southwest Aluminum and 56.86% of the equity interests in Huaxi Aluminum from Chinalco and China Nonferrous Metals Processing Technology Co., Ltd. ( China Nonferrous Metals Technology ). The equity interests of the above companies were listed on China Beijing Equity Exchange for bidding at a consideration of RMB4,175 million. The three parties entered into a transfer agreement on May 21, 2008 and completed all transfer procedures May 30, 2008. The acquisition of aluminum fabrication assets enabled the Company to further optimize its industry chain, avert industry cycle risks and improve overall competitiveness.
The acquisition of aluminum assets also reduced connected transactions and competitions between the Company and its controlling shareholder.
4. Further promoting overseas projects. On May 9, 2008, Chalco (Hong Kong) Limited, a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Joint Venture Arrangement with Malaysia Mining Company (MMC) and Saudi Arabian Binladin Group (SBG). Under the Joint Venture Arrangement, the joint venture company will develop and operate a primary aluminum plant with an annual capacity of approximately one million tonnes and a self-owned power plant with an estimated construction scale of about 1,860MW per annual in Jazan Economic City of Saudi Arabia. The primary aluminum plant will be constructed in three phases. The total investment of the project is estimated to be approximately US$4.5 billion. The Company proposed to hold 40% equity interests, being the largest shareholder in the project. Currently, a feasibility study is being prepared.
In 2007, the Company entered into the Aurukun project development agreement with the Queensland government of Australia and the land lease agreement with the aborigines, thus completing relevant legal documentation in respect of the Aurukun project. The Company obtained the mining right development license from the Queensland government for the Aurukun bauxite resources. Currently, a feasibility research report is being prepared.
5. Further reinforcing resource protection. The Group spared no effort in accelerating the pace of mine construction, strengthening ore procurement and production and improving safety and reliability of ore supply and comprehensive utilization of resources. In 2008, contribution of self-mining mines increased by approximately 11 percentage points as compared to the corresponding period last year. Furthermore, the Group acquired the mining rights of 20 bauxite mines with a bauxite reserve of 120 million tonnes, which increased the self-mining capacity of bauxite by 3.46 million tonnes.
6. Advancing energy saving and emission reduction. The Group set development goals and assurance policies for recycling and conservation of resources, aspiring to transform itself into a resource-efficient enterprise. The Group speeded up the renovation of integrated energy-saving technology by means of new production techniques and technologies, mainly by streamlining its production workflow and perfecting its product structure. In 2008, the Group saved energy equivalent to 612,000 tonnes of standard coal. It has fundamentally realized zero sewage drainage by investing an amount of RMB490 million in 13 sewage treatment projects.
7. Proactively scaling new heights in technology. The Group made significant progress in the research and development and commercialization of technological applications with breakthroughs in several key technologies.
Leveraging its novel technologies for ore processing at bauxite mines, efficiency-based and energy-saving production of alumina and newly structured aluminum smelting, the Group is set to alleviate shortage of resources and energy. The successful development of 3-dimensional refinements will boost the strength of electric current, production volume and life span of equipment whilst reducing energy consumption. Promotion and application of new know-how in aluminum production have significantly enhanced production volume and quality, reduced cost, sparked efficiency, saved energy and reduced emission.
8. Further refining baseline management. In the areas of production and operation, the Group refined its production arrangement and implemented cost reduction indicators in every process along the workflow. Emergency plans have been laid down and potentials have been exploited to seek steady 
As for sales management, the Group improved production to sales ratio by tracking and analyzing market dynamics, optimizing resources for supplies and sales whilst improving customer relations.
In terms of investment management, the Group compressed projects under construction and implemented management by classification, thereby exercising greater control on workflows, clarifying investment accountability and controlling investment risks.
9. Fulfilling corporate social responsibility. The Group has efficiently operated a healthy and safe environmental management system and facilitated the economic and social development of places where the enterprises of the Group were located. In the wake of snow storm and earthquake, the Group took positive initiatives to take part in emergency and disaster relief and donated a large amount of money and mechanical equipment to the stricken areas. In addition, large machineries, transportation vehicles and rescue teams were sent.
10. Gradually extending corporate culture to lower levels. A corporate culture is taking shape in the core values of accountability, creditability and excellence.

The revenue of the Group for the year 2008 amounted to RMB76.726 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.94%. The profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company was RMB9.2 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 99.91%. Earnings per share for profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company was RMB0.00068, representing a year-on-year decrease of 99.92%.

The Company had declared and paid an interim dividend of RMB0.052 per share (tax inclusive) for the period up to June 30, 2008, totalling RMB0.703 billion. The Board did not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the period up to December 31, 2008. Details of the dividend distributed in the last three years are 
In light of the slackening global economic growth, significant decline in demand for aluminum and plummeting aluminum prices, the Group s operation and production will face enormous difficulties and challenges in 2009.
In 2009, the Group will, firmly in line with its corporate strategy, push forward with: cost reduction, efficiency advancement, structure adjustment, resource acquisition and technology innovations. Key tasks are as follows: 1. Strengthen the production structure, promote flexibility in production in accordance with the principles for maximizing efficiency, ensure stability in production and operation. Further develop the overall advantage of the product chain, and to achieve cost reduction from collaboration among the 
2. Strengthen the capability in financial controls, strengthen budget controls and centralization of capital management in all directions, optimization on the debt structure, lower financial costs and costs of capital, and maintain sufficient cash reserve.
3. Press ahead with the Group s resource strategy so as to increase the capability to acquire resources.
4. Combine centralized procurement with flexible procurement to reduce inventory and procurement cost.
5. Optimize sales and marketing strategies, further utilize the advantage of centralized management of sales and marketing, ensure market share, improve liquidity and strike a production-sale balance.
6. Reduce investment scale and improve investment structure.
7. Bring the Group s technological strategies into full play. With the theme of lowering costs and increasing efficiency, reduce energy consumption and emission and maintain technical reserves. With achieving maximum economies of scale as a priority, speed up research and development on technological projects and propel the industrialization of technologies endeavors. At the same time, to selectively develop scientific technology and applied basic research, to ensure the Company s continuing development.
8. Further strengthen the development of the internal control system, perfect the internal supervision system.
9. Adopt a strategy of placing importance on talents, increase the skills and overall standard of all staff.
In 2009, we will do our utmost to achieve our goals as a return to our shareholders.

