Chairman’s Statement
Dear shareholders,
I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2016 for
shareholders’ review. On behalf of the Board and all employees of the Company, I would like to express my
sincere gratitude to all shareholders for your care for and support for the Company.
PRODUCT MARKET REVIEWS
Primary Aluminum Market
In 2016, the performance of primary aluminum price was significantly better than the market expectation. The
international and domestic price of primary aluminum was heading upward against fluctuations.
In terms of the international market, benefiting from the improving macro risk appetite in the global market
in 2016, the fundamentals of bulk commodities showed a favorable trend on the whole and prices of nonferrous
metals bounced back from the low at the beginning of the year. At the beginning of the year, the
price of the three-month aluminum futures at LME sprung up to USD1,500 per tonne. Due to the preferential
factors such as the rebound of macro environment and the slowing growth of the electrolytic aluminum supply
in the global market, the price continually went upwards and surmounted USD1,600 per tonne in March. In
June, the stronger expectation for interest rate rise by the US Federal Reserve and the EU Referendum in the
UK added new uncertainties to the macro risks of the market and brought along the corresponding decrease
and flagging fluctuations in the aluminum price. In the fourth quarter of 2016, as driven by the postponement
of the interest rate rise resolution by the US Federal Reserve, the relentless surge of international crude oil
price and the tight supply of spot aluminum in China, a large amount of capital flew into the market and the
international aluminum price peaked in November at USD1,794.5 per tonne. Afterwards, the market was
running stable gradually and the aluminum price smoothed down from its peak for the year due to profit
taking. In 2016, the respective average prices of spot aluminum and three-month aluminum futures at LME
amounted to USD1,604 per tonne and USD1,605 per tonne, representing a decrease of 3.5% and 4.6%
from 2015, respectively. The decrease was narrowed down significantly.
In terms of the domestic market, as affected by the traditional off season, holidays and festivals and other
factors, the domestic price of aluminum futures showed a sluggish trend and fluctuated slightly on the whole
at the beginning of the year; while during the same period, thanks to the flexible production implemented in
succession by the domestic electrolytic aluminum enterprises at the end of 2015, the domestic price for spot
aluminum stayed firm, which gave support to the price of the aluminum futures to some extent. After the
Spring Festival, the domestic price of the aluminum futures rebounded rapidly upon a slight decrease, which
was in striking contrast with the price plunge after the Spring Festival in the past years. Under the sustainable
balance between supply and demand, the domestic price of the aluminum futures continued to rise and
constantly broke the record. In April, the price of the three-month aluminum futures at SHFE quickly reached
the peak in the first half of the year at RMB13,075 per tonne against the breakthrough price of RMB11,000
per tonne in March. Afterwards, the domestic aluminum price began to fall and fluctuated at low levels. In
the second half of September, following the implementation of the Provisions on the Administration of the
Running of Transport Vehicles with Out-of-gauge Freight on the Road (《超限運輸車輛行駛公路管理規定》)
lately promulgated by China, the significant increase in the truck transport cost of electrolytic aluminum and
the nearly full capacity of rail transport resulted in reduction of aluminum ingots inventory and increasingly
tight supply of spot aluminum ingots. Consequently, the aluminum price surged vigorously. In the wake of the
influx of a large amount of capital in the futures market, the price of the three-month aluminum futures at
SHFE approached RMB15,000 per tonne, being the highest in the past two years, and it did not fall until the
profit takings at the end of the year. In 2016, the respective average prices of spot aluminum and three-month
aluminum futures at SHFE amounted to RMB12,261 per tonne and RMB12,101 per tonne, representing a
decrease of 0.1% and 1.6% from 2015, respectively.
According to the statistics, the global output and consumption of primary aluminum for 2016 were
approximately 58.87 million tonnes and approximately 59.60 million tonnes, respectively, representing a yearon-year
increase of 2.9% and 3.0%, respectively. The domestic output and consumption of primary aluminum
were approximately 32.50 million tonnes and approximately 32.70 million tonnes, respectively, representing
a year-on-year increase of 4.8% and 6.7% respectively. As of the end of December 2016, the capacity
utilization rate of primary aluminum in the world (inclusive of the PRC) was 79.81%, while that of the PRC
was approximately 75.23%.
Alumina Market
In 2016, owning to the upsurge of the primary aluminum price and the increase in resumed production, the
alumina price hiked up relentlessly.
In terms of the international market, as driven by the significant improvement of the demand and supply in
the global aluminum market, especially the substantial reduction of the electrolytic aluminum production
volume and the rising cost of raw materials in China, the domestic and international prices of the electrolytic
aluminum began to recover steadily from the lows in recent years. Under such effect, the global alumina
prices also began to bounce back and manifested an overall vigorously rising tendency for the year. In 2016,
the lowest alumina price in the overseas market was USD197 per tonne at the beginning of the year, and the
highest was the USD350.5 per tonne at the end of the year, representing an increase of 77.9% for the year.
The annual average alumina price was USD254 per tonne, representing a decrease of 15.8% from 2015.
In terms of the domestic market, on account of the implementation of production reduction by domestic
alumina enterprises and a favorable relationship of supply and demand, the alumina price bottomed out at
the beginning of the year and began to accelerate its pace after the Spring Festival. After approaching the
highest for the first half of the year at RMB1,998 per tonne in May, the price declined as affected by the
resumed production of alumina. Nevertheless, as demands for alumina increased owing to the strong recovery
momentum of production capacity of electrolytic aluminum plants, together with new transportation policies,
rising costs, accidental events and other factors, the alumina price spiked since August 2016 and remained
high till the end of the year. In 2016, the lowest alumina price in the domestic market was RMB1,525 per
tonne at the beginning of the year, and the highest was the RMB3,080 per tonne at the end of the year,
representing an increase of 101.97% for the year. The annual average alumina price was RMB2,070 per
tonne, representing a decrease of 11.7% from 2015.
According to the statistics, the respective global output and consumption of alumina for 2016 was
approximately 121.22 million tonnes and approximately 122.20 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year
increase of 0.3% and 3.7%, respectively. The respective domestic output and consumption of alumina were
approximately 60.16 million tonnes and approximately 64.40 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year
increase of 2.6% and 4.2%, respectively. As of the end of December 2016, the alumina capacity utilization
rate of alumina enterprises in the world (inclusive of the PRC) was approximately 81.26%, while that of the
PRC was approximately 81.19%.
BUSINESS REVIEW
In 2016, the world economy was still going through its slack recovery process while the domestic economy
was running smoothly despite of the lasting downward pressure and slower growth pace. The events
including the Brexit, failure of the Italian Referendum on Constitutional Reforms and the US presidential
election agitated the world economic landscape, resulting in volatile fluctuations in the price of bulk
commodities. Faced with the intricate economic environment and market conditions, the Company coped
with the challenges and capitalized on opportunities with composure. It devoted great efforts and took
various measures to reduce cost and improve efficiency and adhered to the conception of reasoning out the
costs based on the market conditions and promoting reform with costs, introduced innovation in terms of
budgets and assessment mechanism. Remarkable achievements were recorded by adopting various measures.
The year of 2016 witnessed significant improvement in the results of the Company, which was also the year
of its best business performance in recent years.
1. Comprehensively implementing the special action for improvement of quality and efficiency to guide
the overall development of the Company. In 2016, the Company carried out an extremely extensive and
ultimately downright special action for improvement of quality and efficiency featuring participation
by all employees, control over the whole process, and devotion of all-dimensional efforts, whereby to
intensify the responsibilities and goals of the management, the functional departments and entities
under the Company, and optimize technical indicators. By seizing opportunities involving system reform
in the power industry, it reduced the accounts receivable and the capital occupation of inventory,
repositioned redundant personnel, and pressed ahead key projects under transformation and upgrading
in an orderly manner. In 2016, the amount from the cost reduction and efficiency improvement of
the Company fully covered the decrease in profit as affected by lower product price, which enable the
Company to outperform the market.
2. Introducing bottom-line thinking and establishing a more efficient appraisal and incentive mechanism.
The Company abandoned the traditional budget management standards and adopted the bottomline
thinking in this regard to cope with the risks regarding the product price. Based upon the principle
of reasoning out the costs based on the market conditions and promoting reform with costs, the
Company established the cost benchmarking system to strengthen the assessment on cost budgeting;
and established a classified and stratified performance appraisal system that gave priority to the cost
assessment while taking account of the profit assessment and linked the relevant results with the
performance appraisal of person in charge, the remuneration distribution and the total payroll of the
entities.
3. Grasping opportunities along with system reform in the power industry, reducing costs of electricity
consumption. The Company applied the principle of cost reduction by comprehensive energy
management. It seized the opportunities along with system reform in the power industry of the PRC,
on one hand, it negotiated and communicated with power plants under direct supply contracts and
grid companies externally, with a view to reduce purchase cost of electricity, on the other hand, it
implemented precise management internally to reduce non-stop services, coal consumption as well as
power generation costs in its ancillary power plants. In addition, certain enterprises have completed
swap between linkage of aluminum and electricity and new energy. In 2016, the costs of electricity
consumption decreased by approximately 16%.
4. Reinforcing the analysis and judgment on the market and optimizing the marketing strategies. The
Company attached great importance to collection and analysis on new developments and tendencies
in the industry. The agile response, quick decisions and flexible adaptability enabled the Company
to capitalize on the marketing pace and market opportunities, devise marketing strategy aiming
at stabilizing the performance of the Company. The Company continued to intensify centralized
procurement, and made adjustments to the inventory of bulk raw materials, ancillary materials based
on full understanding of the supply and demand in the market. In addition, it continued to cut out the
intermediary suppliers and increase the percentage of direct supply which have resulted in virtuous
effects of cost reduction and efficiency improvement.
5. Leveraging on the combined driving effects of investment and technologies to bring forth vitality to
the development of the Company. The Company adopted the investment philosophy of “ensuring
the completion and profitability of each investment project”, accelerated the mine and key upgrade
and renovation projects, witnessed by Duancun Leigou mine and Maochang mine ready for mining
operation, completion of investment in Baotou Huayun New Materials project of RMB2.2 billion,
thus enhanced its support capacity and profitability of mine supply. In 2016, a batch of scientific and
technological research and development projects were put to practice, breakthroughs were made in
certain key technologies including DC consumption in aluminum electrolysis of 12000kWh/t-AL and
the demonstrating projects for the industrialization of new technology were successively completed
and put into operation. Technological innovation and the achievements transformation provided strong
support for the improvement of quality and efficiency as well as the transformation and upgrade of the
Company.
6. Carrying out in-depth precise management and continuing optimization of technical indicators. In
2016, the Company successively put into use its operation and monitoring center, the command
system for the production safety and emergency rescue in coal mines and power plants. Through
morning scheduling meeting, it closely combined management instructions with in-process supervision,
prioritized hot issues, responded to trigger points, attacked rigors, thoroughly traced and solved
problems upon identification to improve its operating efficiency. The Company initiated special mines
schemes to systematically follow and comprehensively clean up relevant issues by spotting 18 issues
accompanied with 86 countermeasures, thus promoting cost reduction and efficiency enhancement.
The Company has also achieved remarkable improvements in 19 key project indicators, completed 634
rectifications regarding “exact identification and avoiding waste” by advancing precise management
involving all stages of production, as such, positive results were recorded in terms of cost reduction and
efficiency enhancement.
7. Applying the “larger, efficient, stronger and dynamic” principle in an innovative manner to revitalize
enterprises in difficulties. The Company broke the conventional routine and formulated the new
strategy of “one policy for one plant” for enterprises in difficulties. Measures such as relocation,
transformation reinvigorated the enterprises in difficulties, which paved the way for the Company to
turn losses into profits. Meanwhile, aligning with the advanced labor productivity of the industry, the
Company further consummated the personnel allocation and reassigned employees by different means.
The reposition resulted in a substantial increase in the labor productivity of the Company, of which,
the labor productivity for alumina and electrolytic aluminum, the principal businesses of the Company,
increased by 56% and 20%, respectively.
8. Blazing new trail in capital operation, expanding the financing channel. Resorting to new trail of
thoughts on capital operation, the Company sought cooperation with social capital by virtue of the
stock assets and participated in the operation of environmental protection assets, which brought about
satisfactory results. The Company innovated in the gold leasing financing mode and obtained a funding
of RMB3 billion at low cost; it also registered with the Shanghai Stock Exchange for quota of the nonpublic
issuance corporate bonds and completed the issue of its first tranche of RMB3,215 million; in
addition, it capitalized on the favorable opportunities and issued overseas senior perpetual securities of
USD500 million at a low interest rate; besides, it guaranteed the stable cash flow while optimized the
debt structure of the Company, with the debt to asset ratio reduced by 2.22 percentage points.
DIVIDENDS
The Board did not propose any final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2016 and such proposal is
subject to approval of shareholders at the forthcoming 2016 annual general meeting. The Company will
publish an announcement after the arrangement of such general meeting.
RESULTS
For the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group recorded revenue of RMB144,066 million, representing a
year-on-year increase of 16.68% or RMB20,591 million from RMB123,475 million in 2015. Profit attributable
to owners of the parent and earnings per share attributable to owners of the parent was RMB402 million and
RMB0.02 respectively.
BUSINESS OUTLOOK AND PROSPECTS
Notwithstanding the overall stable and positive status quo of the Company, the profit base of the Company is
not strong enough and it is still subject to numerous difficulties and challenges. Therefore, the Company will
further adhere to the general keynote of improving quality and increasing efficiency as well as transformation
and upgrade, capitalize on the favorable momentum with strong determination to generate better business
results. In 2017, the Company will focus on the following tasks:
1. Continuing to push ahead the comprehensive and in-depth special action for improvement of
quality and efficiency. In adherence to the gist of improving quality and efficiency and the bottomline
thinking, the Company will further boost the consumption reduction and production indicator
optimization of alumina and electrolytic aluminum enterprises; accelerate the construction progress of
a number of key projects; advance the special actions for improving production management including
the alloying of electrolytic aluminum, carbon as well as mines; carry forward the special actions on
management and operation including marketing and procurement, human resources as well as risk
prevention and control; and implement precise management for energy cost cutting. The Company will
make full use of the leading role of the special actions for improvement of quality and efficiency and
assure the fulfillment of the business objective of the Company.
2. Optimizing the incentive mechanism to gear up cost reduction and efficiency enhancement. The
Company will continue to insist on the appraisal mechanism featuring “reasoning out the costs based
on the market conditions, promoting reform with costs and reinforcing the in-process management”.
Leveraging on the constantly perfected appraisal mechanism, it aims to enable the functional
departments to undertake responsibilities and share benefits together with body corporates. In the light 
of the principle of “conciseness, straightforwardness, promptness and effectiveness”, the Company
will implement the incentive principle of “quarterly appraisal and quarterly reward” and will stimulate
the enterprises to further reduce cost and improve efficiency. In addition, the Company will establish
dynamic cost management aligning with the external market for the sake of reviewing the cost
competitiveness of the Company every now and then.
3. Strengthening the obligations in safety and environmental protection and comprehensively improving
the management level regarding safety and environmental protection. The Company will foster solid
concept of safety and green development, make up the deficiencies based on lessons of the past
accidents in regard to safety and environmental protection, fill the leak and concentrate on deepening
the safety standards and perfect the safety production system. Besides, it will carry out safety trainings
involving the entire personnel with an aim to improve the safety consciousness of the personnel;
consolidate the basic management so as to improve the capability of safety and environmental
protection management; and intensify monitoring on safety and environmental protection and
consolidate the consciousness of safety warning standards following the lead of risk identification
and risk prevention and control. Furthermore, the Company will hold fast to maintain the ecological
integrity by means of enhancing the sense of law and responsibility with regard to environmental
protection, further control over the pollutant discharges, increasing investment in environmental
protection facilities and making more efforts to carry through responsibilities, thus ensuring the
occupational health and safety of the employees and providing adequate guarantee for the sustainable
development of the Company.
4. Improving the capability of efficiency enhancement through marketing and creating new strengths
in trading and logistics. Sticking to the market-oriented development strategy, the Company will fully
capitalize on its centralized management strengths on sale, procurement and logistics, and deepen the
organic integration of various business forms such as marketing, logistics, finance and e-commerce,
so as to tap the potentials in the market and improve the operating capability of the Company; it will
devote further efforts to develop the market of products with high added value so as to guide the
industrial restructuring and transformational development of the Company; meanwhile, it will further
consummate the price management system of the Company, make innovation in the management
of marketing and procurement, and enhance its market influence and leading position; it will give
free rein to platform and brand advantages of the Company and make new breakthrough in the
international trading segment and it will further improve its competitiveness in intensive operation from
the perspective of procurement management, press ahead strategic cooperation and build up new
competitive advantages of the Company; in addition, the Company will speed up the integration of
logistics resources, improve logistics operation mechanism and management mode, improve working
efficiency, put efforts in business expansion, strengthen the capabilities for internal cost reduction and
profitability.
5. Continuing to utilize the combined driving effects of investment and the technology to improve the
core competitiveness of the Company. In terms of investment projects, the Company will seek a
favorable pattern of “sufficient projects in operation, under construction and in pipeline”. In addition,
it will emphasize economic benefits for projects in operation, focus on the progress for projects under
construction and highlight preparations for the projects in pipeline. The Company follow the assessment,
rewards and penalty mechanism of the project principal to assure the completion of Inner Mongolia
Huayun New Materials Project (內蒙古華雲新材料項目) and Relocation of Industries from City Urban
Area to Industrial Parks conducted by Guizhou Light Alloy New Materials (貴州輕合金新材料退城進園項
目) during the year. In terms of scientific and technological innovation, the Company will devote more
efforts on the key points such as guarantee of ore resources and enhancement of ore utilization, energy
conservation and environment protection, quality improvement and consumption reduction, industrial
upgrade as well as the development of new products. It will adopt flexible operation mechanism
for research and development projects, promote the demonstration projects of new technology
industrialization and accelerate the transformation and application of the scientific and technological
achievements. Furthermore, in close allusion to the integration of intelligent manufacturing and
management, it will spare no effort to carry forward the construction of the integrated platform for
the production and management based on the intelligent production and energy management of the
enterprises and progressively deepen the application of information technology to the management,
production and operation of the Company, thus providing technological support for the transformation
and upgrade as well as improvement of quality and efficiency of the Company.
6. Fully leveraging on the capital market and increasing profits through capital operation. The Company
will make full use of the capital market and carry out joint-capital cooperation through assets and
equity consolidation, and other approaches, which will control investment risks by dint of sharing both
risks and benefits together with the investors. The Company will continue to avail itself of the “bringing
in and going out” strategy to consolidate the favourable image of the Company in the capital market
through the roadshows and the reverse roadshows, thus increasing the value of the Company.
Moreover, the Company will make the best of its preponderant position arising from its listing status
in Shanghai, Hong Kong and New York, capitalize on the capital and debenture market channels
both abroad and at home and leverage on regional financial and economic platforms to expand the
financing channels effectively, fully utilize the existing cash and aim to enhance its economic benefits
through both the capital operation and fund utilization.
7. Persisting in the comprehensive implementation of precise management and making innovation
in the comprehensive energy management. The Company will comprehensively boost the precise
management and further consolidate the foundation to turn around and extricate from the plight of
loss by establishing the three major precise management platforms for the project-based improvement,
for all-involvement innovation and for reinforcing basic management. In particular, the Company
will shore up the weak spots of value chain and improve the performance by virtue of project-based
improvement; inspire the pragmatic and entrepreneurial passion of the employees and foster new-type
of team through the all-involvement innovation and benefit-making initiatives; and constantly level up
the basic management standards by unremittingly strengthening the on-site management step by step.
Meanwhile, the Company will strive to make innovation in the comprehensive energy management
and include all the electricity consumption of electrolytic aluminum and alumina enterprises and the
wind resources, gasoline and water used for the production of enterprises into the energy management
system with a view to effectuating the full coverage of energy management and the all-round reduction
of cost and consumption.
8. Optimizing legal and regulatory system, preventing all-dimensional operating risks. The Company will
comprehensively fulfill the goals of legitimate audit ratio of 100% (三項法律審核), under which legal
personnel preliminarily participated in major projects and decisions and monitored subsequent whole
process, Furthermore, it intensified legal management by regulating legal contracts and documents,
establishing regional law centers, and all contracts were required to be reviewed by legal personnel.
It also strengthened internal audit, strictly implemented internal control and enhanced high-risk
business management, eliminated management loopholes and prevented possible dangers, through
unannounced inspection and separate inspection.
Yu Dehui
Chairman
Beijing, the PRC
23 March 2017