Chairman s Statement 
I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the financial year ended December 31, 2011 for shareholders review. On behalf of the Board of the Company and all employees, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders for their concern and support for the Company.
Product Market Reviews The supply and demand as well as the price of aluminum are closely tied to changes in the global and the PRC macro-economies. Changes in the global and PRC economy have a significant impact on the 
Primary Aluminum Market In 2011, caused by volatility in the macro-economies and the turmoil in the Middle East, the price of aluminum fluctuated widely during the year, with an initial upswing followed by a continuous slide. In the first half of the year, factors such as the recovery of the global economy, the quantitative easing policy of US and the turbulence in the Middle East drove up the price of bulk commodities, which was ensued by a surge in aluminum price. In May, the price of three-month aluminum at London Metal Exchange (hereafter as LME ) hit year-high of USD2,797 per tonne. However, following the spread of sovereign debt crisis in Europe, the price of aluminum plummeted in the second half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter, with the price of three-month aluminum at LME fell to a year-low of USD1,962 per tonne, representing a drop of over 30%. A similar trend can be observed for the domestic aluminum price, but with a slight time lag as compared to that of LME. In the first half of the year, exports of domestic aluminum products picked up amidst the rumour of adjustments in tax rebate polices on aluminum exports, which expedited the clearance of inventories whilst pushing up the domestic aluminum price. The prices of three-month aluminum at Shanghai Futures Exchange (hereafter as SHFE ) increased to a year-high of RMB18,600 per tonne in early August, after which the price of aluminum fluctuated widely with a downward trend. The average three-month aluminum futures prices for 2011 at LME and SHFE were USD2,410 per tonne and RMB16,893 per tonne, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.1% and 4.4%, respectively.
In 2011, the global output of primary aluminum was approximately 45.60 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.8%; the global consumption of primary aluminum was approximately 45.10 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.0%; the domestic output of primary aluminum was approximately 19.45 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.3% and the domestic consumption of primary aluminum was approximately 19.50 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.4%. As of the end of December in 2011, the capacity utilization rate of primary aluminum enterprises in the world (inclusive of the PRC) was 84%, while that of the PRC was 
In 2011, international and domestic prices of spot alumina showed an upward then downward trend.
At the beginning of the year, prices of primary aluminum and alumina gradually surged as the economy was gathering pace, but after September the price of alumina fell in tandem with aluminum price.
The international price of spot alumina peaked at USD440 per tonne, and hit the trough at USD310 per tonne, with an average price of USD413 per tonne, representing a year-on-year increase of 19%; whereas the domestic price of alumina peaked at RMB3,000 per tonne, and hit the trough at RMB2,600 per tonne, with an average of RMB2,786 per tonne, representing a year-on-year decrease of 3%.
The global output of alumina for 2011 was approximately 90.67 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.6% and the consumption was approximately 89.40 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.9%. The domestic output of alumina was approximately 38.81 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.4%; the demand for alumina was approximately 39.04 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.5%; imported alumina amounted to approximately 1.88 million tonnes in 2011, representing a year-on-year decrease of 56.4%.
As of the end of December 2011, the capacity utilization rate of alumina enterprises in the world (inclusive of the PRC) was 89.3%, while that of the PRC was 81.9%.
Aluminum Fabrication Market In China, the building, transportation and power industries accounted for approximately two-thirds of the aluminum consumption. With the 2010 macro control policies on real estate coming into play and the rolling out of regulatory measures on car purchases in certain cities in 2011, construction of commodity housing and automobile sales have been impacted to a considerable extent, which resulted in a slowing down of growth of aluminum consumption in 2011.

In 2011, in face of an acute and complicated operational environment with upward adjustments in interest rates, tariff hikes and mounting raw materials prices as well as volatility in aluminum price, the Group adhered to structural adjustments and strategic transformation measures aiming at bringing down costs while increasing efficiency, sustaining production and operation as well as ensuring capital stability to reap profits. Such measures include tapping new income sources, cutting expenditure, optimum utilization of assets, tightened investment control and strengthened fundamental management.
Meanwhile, the Group has propelled the development of new businesses such as coal and iron ore, achieving initial results in strategic transformation.
1. Achieving more synergies through leveraging resources advantages in full and optimizing integrated operations. In 2011, the output of self-owned bauxite mines amounted to 13.56 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.5%, the output of alumina amounted to 11.01 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.7%; the output of alumina chemicals amounted to 1.19 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.8%; the output of primary aluminum products amounted to 3.91 million tonnes, representing a year-on- year increase of 1.6%; and the output of aluminum fabrication products amounted to 0.62 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.8%.
2. Continuously implement operational transformation and practical management. Through conceptual changes and suitable operational management methods, we are enhancing our transformation ability and extending the scope of our transformation. The Group has extended and applied business transformation to 13 subsidiaries based on the business experience from trial operational transformation of pilot companies, and has acheived positive results.
3. Through continuous strengthening of market analysis, research and decision making to enhance our scientific decision-making ability and to fully utilise centralized sales advantages to bolster market position and influence; to further promote the application of e-platform for commercial procurement, with a goal to achieve 100% connection rate for bulk commodities.
4. Control debt size and optimise debt structure. To ensure that we are able to meet our financing needs, the Group is actively expanding its financing sources, rationalizing its financial arrangements to increase its capital utilization rate while trimming capital cost and minimizing financial risks.
Through carrying out special projects to minimize its capital utilization, the Group has increased its 
5. Deepening structural adjustments. Through continuously strengthened its mines under construction, the Group has speeded up the construction of mines under construction and commencement of construction of key new mines. While focusing on speeding up alumina restructuring projects through increased production capacity and inventory sales, the Group has achieved solid progress in the implementation of integrated coal-electricity-aluminum projects in the western region of China. Annual capacity of newly added mines amounted to 1.50 million tonnes, additional alumina capacity amounted to 1.90 million tonnes and aluminum capacity amounted to 0.39 million tonnes.
6. Strengthening research and application of key new technologies to new products; self-innovative products have achieved favourable results in loss control, profit contribution; restructuring, energy saving and emission reduction. The new materials researched and developed by the Group have further enhanced our supply ability in the transportation, electricity power, aviation and aerospace industries, and the Group has the ability to produce and supply in bulk materials for use in high-speed trains and in underground railway materials. Satisfactory results have also been obtained in respect of energy saving and efficiency enhancement from the transformation and application of core technologies to alumina and aluminum production.
7. Active pursuit of strategic transformation. Following the signing of the settlement agreement between Rio Tinto and the Government of Guinea, the Group signed a side letter with Rio Tinto in respect of the Joint Development Agreement and set up a joint venture entity between a Chinese consortium comprising the Company and three other domestic leading enterprises in the steel, port building, railway construction industries, and the China-Africa Development Fund, which marked a positive stride in pushing ahead the Simandou Project. The commencement of the foundation work for the first 5 million tonnes coal production base in Gansu Province marked positive developments of the Group in the exploration of coal resources in regions such as Gansu, Xinjiang and Inner Mongolia. In addition, CIT, a subsidiary of the Group, has entered into a long-term coking coal trading agreement in respect of the coal from the TT Mine with Mongolia Erdenes MGL LLC, which marked the beginning of another stable source of coal supply through 
8. Breakthrough achievement in the key bauxite resources development project in Laos. A Hong Kong subsidiary of the Group, has entered into a joint venture agreement with Laos Services Co., Ltd.
pursuant to which a joint venture was officially established and has obtained approvals from the relevant government authorities and certificates for transfer of registered rights. At present, the bauxite mine zones are under general survey, while exploration work is proceeding smoothly as scheduled. The smooth progress of this project will lay down a solid foundation for our sustainable development in long term and is expected to become our major overseas production base and raw materials supply base.

The Board does not recommend any payment of final dividends for the year ended December 31 2011.
This proposal is subject to shareholders approval at the forthcoming 2011 annual general meeting.

The revenue of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2011 amounted to RMB145.874 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.56%. Profits for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company were RMB0.238 billion. Earnings per share attributable to the equity holders of the Company was RMB0.02.
Business Outlook and Prospects In 2012, the recovery of the global economy will still be subject to certain uncertainties and risks of economic downturns arising from the euro debt crisis. As a developing country, China is still in the process of urbanization and industrialization, which provides a promising prospect for the aluminum market. With the recovery of the economy, aluminum consumption will increase to be followed by increase in aluminum price. The Group will continuously strengthen its efforts to bring down costs whilst improve its efficiency, push ahead operational transformation and restructuring adjustments as well as expedite strategic transformation with a view to enhancing levels of profits and risks resistance. To this end, the Group will put efforts on the following key aspects: 1. Continue to press ahead operational transformation and fasten the formation of a business system with the Group s unique features with a view to refining its levels of management; 2. Maintain its focus on tapping internal potentials, reducing costs and enhancing efficiency whilst optimizing and improving production and operation analysis through stronger benchmark management, continuous optimization of production targets, lowered consumption and expenditure as well as to prepare flexible production plan according to market conditions; 3. Actively pursue strategic transformation projects by focusing on strategic transformation and structural adjustments; strengthen the efforts in the construction of restructuring projects to meet production standards and targets to achieve fast investment returns; create the opportunities and ensure the commencement of construction of proposed key restructuring projects; 4. Reinforce capital management with active use of existing capital; more active use of debt financing instruments to further optimize debt structure to reduce capital cost; 5. Accelerate breakthroughs in key technologies, increase the rates of transformation and contribution of technological achievements, promote commercial optimization and upgrading, raise the standard of production equipment and consolidate our leading position in technology; 6. Continue to focus on acquiring resources and energy and fasten the development of resources and energies projects at home and abroad.
In 2012, we will put unremitting efforts in strengthening structural adjustments, expanding the scope of our operational transformation and expediting strategic transformation in a bid to bring more valuable returns to our shareholders.

