Chairman s Statement 
I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the financial year ended December 31, 2012 for shareholders review. On behalf of the Board of the Company and all employees, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders for their concern and support for the Company.
Product Market Reviews The supply and demand as well as the price of aluminum are closely tied to changes in the global and the PRC macro-economies. Changes in the global and PRC economy have a significant impact on the 
Primary Aluminum Market In 2012, the world economy lacked momentum in recovery, the Chinese economic growth slowed down. Under the influence of multiple factors such as recovery expectation on main economies and changes of the Euro debt crisis, global aluminum prices remained at low levels throughout the year.
From the beginning of the year to early March, affected by the temporary subsidence of the Euro debt crisis and the positive trend of the US economy, international aluminum prices rebounded. The price of three-month aluminum futures of LME hit year-high of USD2,349 per tonne in early March; subsequently, affected by news such as Chinese s downward adjustment to economic expectation and re-deterioration of Euro debt, international aluminum prices recorded a downward trend, falling to a year-low of USD1,830 per tonne in August. Afterward aluminum prices rebounded primarily due to the expectation of easing policy adopted by main economies. In the fourth quarter the price of aluminum at LME dropped again due to another decline of the global economy. Domestic aluminum prices, impacted by continual increase in supply and slowdown of the growth in consumption, continued to flutuate at low level. As underpinned by the cost factor, the fluctuation of domestic aluminum prices was lower than those of aluminum prices at LME. In the beginning of the year, driven by external aluminum prices, the price of three-month aluminum at SHFE rebounded to a year-high of RMB17,000 per tonne and as affected by domestic and international bearish news as well as pressure on the fundamentals, stopped rising and dropped to a year-low of RMB14,950 per tonne but slightly rebounded afterwards.
In 2012, the year-high price of three-month aluminum futures at LME was USD2,360 per tonne, the average three-month aluminum futures prices for 2012 at LME and SHFE were USD2,051 per tonne and RMB15,795 per tonne, representing a year-on-year decrease of 14.90% and 6.50%, respectively.
In 2012, the global output of primary aluminum was approximately 47.06 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.20%; the global consumption of primary aluminum was approximately 46.61 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.3%; the domestic output of primary aluminum was approximately 21.30 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.51% and the domestic consumption of primary aluminum was approximately 21.45 million tonnes, representing a year-on- year increase of 10.00%. As of the end of December in 2012, the capacity utilization rate of primary aluminum enterprises in the world (inclusive of the PRC) was 84%, while that of the PRC was 78%.

Owing to the fact that international electrolyse aluminum prices hovered over low level for a long period of time, certain alumina enterprises reduced or suspended production and there was a significant increase of oversupply pressure in alumina market in 2012. Spot prices in Australia fluctuated between the range of USD300 and USD330. Impacted by the change in Indonesia s bauxite export policy, domestic alumina prices in the second quarter rose with fluctuation, up to RMB2,710 per tonne. Nevertheless since later second quarter, electrolyse aluminum prices continued to drop and new alumina production capacity commenced operation, oversupply and aluminum price pressure resulted in a continual drop in alumina prices. In early September, domestic spot market declined to around RMB2,570 per tonne, and slightly picked up after mid-September amid the effect of the rebound in aluminum prices and stocking for the Mid-Autumn Festival and National Day. In 2012, the year-high and year-low international price of spot alumina was USD333 per tonne and USD303 per tonne respectively, with an average price of USD319 per tonne, representing a year-on-year decrease of 22.76%; whereas the year-high and year- low of domestic price of spot alumina was RMB2,750 per tonne and RMB2,480 per tonne respectively, with an average of RMB2,648 per tonne, representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.95%.
The global output of alumina for 2012 was approximately 93.53 million tonnes, representing a year- on-year increase of 3.15% and the consumption was approximately 91.96 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.86%. The domestic output of alumina was approximately 41.65 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.32%; the demand for alumina was approximately 40.20 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.97%; imported alumina in China amounted to approximately 5.02 million tonnes in 2012, representing a year-on-year increase of 167.02%. As of the end of December 2012, the alumina capacity utilization rate of alumina enterprises in the world (inclusive of the PRC) was 85%, while that of the PRC was 73%.
Aluminum Fabrication Market In China, the building, transportation and power industries accounted for approximately two-thirds of the aluminum consumption. The slowdown in China economic growth and the macro control policies on real estate resulted in a slowdown of growth of aluminum consumption in China in 2012.

In 2012, in face of an acute and complicated operational environment with a surplus in production capacity, slumping prices, declining ore quality and restrictions to the supply of imported bauxite, the Group endeavored to a series of measures, such as vigorously promoted structural adjustment and strategic transformation, reduced costs and increased efficiency. The Group ensured smooth running of production and operation, strengthened the capability of controlling cost, continuously increased the reserve of resources and energies, guaranteed the safety and stability of capital and improved 
1. The Company assisted production of some leading products while suppressing some others, and increased production output in regions with cost competitiveness. In 2012, the output of self- owned bauxite mines amounted to 17.26 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 27.29%, the output of alumina amounted to 11.90 million tonnes, representing a year-on- year increase of 8.08%; the output of alumina chemicals amounted to 1.31 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.08%; the output of primary aluminum products amounted to 4.22 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.93%; and the output of aluminum fabrication products amounted to 0.539 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year decrease of 13.06%.
2. Strengthening analysis and forecasts to adapt to market changes; Timely adjusting marketing strategies for the maximization of benefits. The Group consistently optimized its procurement strategies through planning and management, dynamic inventory management and strategic cooperation to reduce its costs. By centralizing the management on coal procurement, direct supply proportion was enlarged and timely adjusted its reserves level, thereby increased supply capacity and reduced fuel costs by 8.61% on a year-on-year basis. On the other hand, the Group captured sale opportunities and controlled its pace of selling, thereby managed to keep the selling price of its aluminum products and alumina by RMB58tonne higher than the Changjiang spot price and RMB73tonnes higher than spot price respectively. The direct sales volume of aluminum fluid of the Group increased by 27% on a year-on-year basis, due to its timely adjustment on its product structure. By implementing several measures in 2012, the Company minimized the impact of decreased prices of products.
3. Significant progress achieved in structural adjustment and strategic transformation. The Group completed capital injection to Simandou iron ore project and acquired 47% equity interest in a joint venture. The development of the project was well underway. On January 23, 2013, the Group has acquired 70.82% equity interest in Ningxia Power through acquisition and injection of capital, thereby acquired 2.38 billion tonnes of coal resources and coal production capacity under construction or completed of 16.00 million tonnes per year. Leveraging the opportunities in the Government s integration of coal resources, the Group has already owned 8 million tonnes of equity coal production capacity in Shanxi, Gansu, Guizhou and Qinghai. A joint venture established by a Hong Kong subsidiary of the Group and Laos Services Co., Ltd. has finished the detailed survey and design plan on two ores in the mine area and the detailed survey on part of the mining rights and ore at the prevailing stage. The Group collaborated with an Indonesian company in controlling bauxite resources and accelerated the development of mines, thereby formed an estimated annual production capacity of 1.80 million tonnes. In 2012, the reserve of bauxite equity resources increased by 48.13 million tonnes, which accelerated the upstream development of the 
4. Reducing costs and increasing efficiency by technological progress. The Group reinforced its development and application of new technologies and new products. As for aluminum, the Group proceeded with the application of the 201 technology and the technology on the stabilization of electrolytic cell magnetic fluid, thereby reduced the overall consumption of electricity on aluminum by 150 kWht on a year-on-year basis. As for alumina, the Group eliminated the sintering production method which requires high energy consumption, and developed and applied the new series process of production technology and equipment for the production of alumina.
By researching on and applying the highly efficient Bayer technology for industrial purposes, the Group overcame the impact from the continuous decline in the grading of bauxite and facilitated optimization of the economic indicators of the major technologies in the production of alumina.
The progress of the technological projects such as the production of alumina by using fly ash and the technology of electrolytic cell of ultra-high capacity were well underway, thereby underpinned the technological progress, energy saving, emission reduction and clean production of the Group.
5. Deepening the transformation of operation and promoting enhancement of management. The Group promoted transformation of management in 14 professional areas such as energy, mining, cash flows and procurement as well as in 25 entities and enterprises. In addition, the Group enhanced its management featuring the participation of all employees, self-enhancement, on- going improvement and management advancement, and explored the business management system with the characteristics of Chalco, with an aim to refine its management. Under the unfavorable impact of the continuous decline in the grading of ores, the overall energy consumption of alumina decreased by 18.36Kg standard coal per tonne on a year-on-year basis.
At the same time, the Group launched special projects such as enhancement on the management of mines, rectification on the carbon production and minimization on capital utilization. The Group also developed multiple financing channels to guarantee the fulfillment of its capital demand and reduce the overall financing costs. As at the end of 2012, the average interest rate of the loans and borrowings of the Group was reduced by 0.52 percentage points on a year-on-year basis.
6. Actively performing social responsibilities and solidly proceeded with energy saving and emission reduction. The Company increased its technological innovation funding in the investment of energy saving and emission reduction projects on an on-going basis. In addition, it reinforced the promotion and application of the technologies such as alumina high-efficient and energy saving, newly structured electrolytic cell, comprehensive usage of resources and zero discharge of industrial sewage. In 2012, the total emission of sulfur dioxide decreased by 0.59% on a year-on- year basis; rehabilitated area increased by 3,600 hectares; recovered red mud of 480,000 tonnes from iron ore sand.
Business Outlook and Prospects In 2013, the relatively loose monetary policies in developed economies around the world and continuous favorable economic development in the PRC and the U.S. will be forming a strong support to the consumption of aluminum. From the perspective of demand and supply, the pressure of over-supply is still strong, and the global market will gradually stabilize. The Group will comprehensively press on with reforms and continue to enhance its management. In addition, it will accelerate strategic transformation and structural adjustment, as well as reinforce technological innovation, so as to foster cost advantages.
To this end, the Group will put efforts on the following key aspects: 1. Deepen market orientation and open manner reform, implement an accountability system on the management team in accomplishing business objective for risk premium and enhance operation capability, resolve the difficulties in operation and development by pursuing market orientation and open manner reform; proceed with reform in the division of duties, appraisal and allocation to further simplify structure; develop more vigorous, market-oriented and open business model and operation systems and pave way for stronger operation capability and cost control.
2. Leverage on the cycle of the industry and market, adjust the strategies of the Company, and accelerate strategic transformation and structural adjustment. Adhere to its direction of strategic transformation and focus its strengths and capital on front end of the value chain; continue to acquire quality bauxite resources domestically and abroad, reinforce the development of bauxite mines and increase its own capability of bauxite supply and turn its resource advantages into cost advantages; ensure investment in the research and development of technologies to raise the level of research and development on technology and take the lead in technology in the industry; accelerate the transformation of technology results into industrial application and enhance energy saving and emission reduction with an aim to foster its core competitiveness.
3. Adopt multiple measures for expanding profitability and block the bleeding point . Support profitable plants with all strength to explore their potential and expand their production, reduce costs and increase efficiency with an aim to enhance profitability; adopt open operation strategy, and adopt models such as diversified equity, introduce partners, actively use and optimize stock assets and increase return on assets for the business entities with lower level of profitability; block the bleeding point by closing, stopping and merging the production lines or enterprises or transferring the assets thereof where breakeven could not be achieved even by implementing various measures; explore new development models for the old enterprises whose capability in sustainable development is not strong and rely on the relevant national policies.
4. Deepen efforts in operational transformation and reinforce its fundamental management. Continue to push forward transformation of its operation, strengthen the leadership level of management structure and reinforce the concept of lean management and the development of capability. At the same time, enhance efforts in the establishment and promotion of model factory and nurture the culture of continuous improvement to boost impetus within the organization and improve management.
5. Conduct more in-depth market research and raise operational capability through greater efforts in the strategic analysis on the market. Endeavors should be made to better grasp market opportunities and avert risks. Optimize centralized procurement and continue to engage in strategic cooperation with major suppliers and introduce more innovative procurement management. Leverage the advantages of the Company s brand, market influence as well as channel management of the Company, with a view to raise the capability in lowering procurement costs, increase sales earnings and ultimately enhance operational and management efficiencies.
6. Scale down investments, invest in the projects on the key structural adjustment and strategic transformation of the Company with limited resources and funding, so as to ensure investment return. Expand investment channels, ensure safety of cash flows. Optimize capital structure and reduce cost of financing.
In 2013, the Group will strive to significantly reduce its losses, and turn its losses into profits in order to bring valuable returns to our shareholders.

