Chairman s Statement 
I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2014 for shareholders review. On behalf of the Board of the Company and all employees, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders for your care for and support for the Company.
Product Market Reviews Primary Aluminum Market In 2014, the international and domestic price of primary aluminum showed an inclination of picking up following an initial dip. In terms of international market, the international price of aluminum was suppressed in the first quarter due to the influence by the extreme cold weather of USA and the downturn of global economy. After the second quarter, the international price of aluminum started to recover with the pickup of the main international economic body especially the economy of USA and shortage of supply resulting from the reduction in production volume of international aluminum plants.
In 2014, the average price of three-month aluminum futures at LME amounted to USD1,893 per tonne, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.26%. In terms of domestic market, under the background of overcapacity situation, due to the supply of funds being shrunk in respect of electrolytic aluminum enterprises by the bank and traditional off-season of consumption in the first quarter, the price of aluminum declined sharply and capacity was shut down massively. In the second and third quarter, the primary aluminum supply became strain periodically due to the closed capacity, which led to the reviving of the aluminum price. However, with the occurrence of new capacity and resumption of production one after another, the aluminum price as forced down generally due to the over supply in the fourth quarter.
In 2014, the average price of three-month aluminum futures at SHFE amounted to RMB13,697 per tonne, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.13%.
According to the statistics, the global output and consumption of primary aluminum for year 2014 were approximately 53.90 million tonnes and approximately 54.85 million tonnes, respectively; while the domestic output and consumption of primary aluminum were approximately 28.10 million tonnes and approximately 28.05 million tonnes, respectively. As of the end of December in 2014, the capacity utilization rate of primary aluminum enterprises in the world (inclusive of the PRC) was 79.64%, while that of the PRC was 78.40%.

In 2014, the domestic and international price of alumina rose after declining. In terms of international market, the price trend of international alumina mainly keeps consistent with that of domestic price of alumina due to China being the main buyer in the international market of alumina. In 2014, the average price of alumina in the international spot market amounted to USD330 per tonne, representing a year- on-year increase of 1.23%. In terms of domestic market, the demands for alumina reduced due to the massively electrolytic aluminum capacity shutting down in the first quarter, resulting in that the price reached a low point throughout the year. Due to the increase in the new and resumption of electrolytic aluminum capacity in the second and third quarter, alumina supply became strain periodically and the price increased accordingly. In 2014, the average spot price of alumina in domestic market amounted to RMB2,541 per tonne, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.76%.
According to the statistics, the global output and consumption of alumina for 2014 were approximately 112.27 million tonnes and approximately 111.28 million tonnes, respectively. The domestic output and consumption of alumina were approximately 51.25 million tonnes and approximately 56.23 million tonnes, respectively. Imported alumina in the PRC amounted to approximately 5.28 million tonnes in 2014. As of the end of December 2014, the alumina capacity utilization rate of alumina enterprises in the world (inclusive of the PRC) was approximately 80.51%, while that of the PRC was approximately 
In 2014, the macro economy of the PRC presented an overall stable situation, with the economic growth maintaining in reasonable range. However, due to the relatively heavy pressure of downtrend in economy, the severe overcapacity in the aluminum industry has not been effectively eased yet.
Confronted with the grim and complicated industry circumstances, the Company intended to implement reform and renovation, closely aiming at the two major targets of controlling loss, increasing profits to guarantee growth (cgXvOXw) and abandoning unnecessary business, adjusting industrial structure to turn loss and overcome difficulties (&vte[smbg+V). As such, the Company continued to reduce the cost and increase the efficiency and consolidate the reform to promote the transform and upgrade, with the purpose of accelerating the removal and adjustment in respect of assets 
1. The production and operation management was reinforced, and the production costs decreased modestly. Based on the focus of establishment and promotion of the model of CBS (Chalco Business System), the Company continued to strengthen the operation transform. Through the establishment of exemplary plants (workshops), we further enhanced and consolidated basic management including production and operation management. The output of alumina amounted to 12.02 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.99%, the output of alumina chemicals amounted to 1.82 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.81%, the output of primary aluminum products amounted to 3.38 million tonnes. The manufacturing costs of alumina decreased 5.18% on a year-on-year basis, and the cost of electrolytic aluminum decreased 4.03% on a year-on-year basis.
2. The Company comprehensively strengthened benchmarking management, prepared and commenced the solutions to turning loss and overcoming difficulties. The Company comprehensively strengthened benchmarking management, by organizing on-site benchmarking seminars in respect of business units including alumina, electrolytic aluminum, carbon, captive power plant, mines and others. We learned from advanced enterprises from the aspects of project design, investment optimization, operation management and others, according to the overall demands of the four (kinds of) first batch (V PNyb). In addition, the Company prepared scientific solutions to turning loss and overcoming difficulties to clarify the targets of turning loss and overcoming difficulties and main routes. Through formulation of certain work instructions and supportive documents in relation to activation, disposal and development of assets, staff optimal configuration and others, we guaranteed the implementation of overcoming resolutions.
3. The Company adjusted and optimized the industrial layout, and accelerated the promotion of transform and upgrade. Centered on optimization of industrial chain, the Company enhanced the layout coordination in major areas to establish competitive industrial bases. In addition, the Company established three large-scale mines, i.e. Guizhou Branch, Zhongzhou Branch and Shanxi Huaxing Alumina, to improve the self-supply proportion and quality of bauxite, with the purpose of enhancing the core business of alumina. In the meantime, we proactively consolidated the boundary conditions, and adjusted and optimized the electrolytic aluminum business. As such, we achieved progress in the structure adjustment project. For example, the 2330MW captive unit of Baotou Aluminum s captive power plant project was put into production since June 2014; the alumina production line with an output of 800,000 tonnes of Shanxi Huaxing Alumina reached the standard and the production target; 1,600,000 tonnes alumina project of Qingzhen in Guizhou was expected to obtain the condition for trial production in June 2015; 2350MW captive unit of Huaze Aluminum received approval; Baotou Aluminum entered into a project cooperation agreement in respect of 500,000 tonnes aluminum alloy products and 4350MW unit project; 2660MW of Yinxing Power Plant of Chalco Xingxia Energy was approved to provide power supply to Zhejiang.
4. The Company strengthened the marketing study and analysis and enhanced the application of marketing strategies. The Company researched and judged the market situation in an active manner, by tracking the market trend and strengthening the application of marketing strategies to increase the selling prices of products. Furthermore, we gave full play to the advantages of the information technology platform, in order to promote sunshine purchase. Through implementation of centralized purchasing, united negotiation and separate agreement, the Company enriched the purchasing decision-making model and set up the benchmark mechanism. The e-commerce purchasing platform of the Company won the Integrated Innovation Award of National E-commerce in 2014. Through strict planning and management in respect of supply and demand in market and promotion of logistics efficiency, the Company controlled the transportation cost and reduced 
5. The Company accelerated the application of scientific and technical achievements and gave full play to the core advantages of science and technology. Technical advancement is the significant route for the Company to turn loss and overcome difficulties and achieve transform and upgrade.
The Company carried out 125 technical projects in different categories. Among which, the project of Development and Application of Material Energy-saving Technology in respect of New Type of Cathode Structure Aluminum Electrolyzing Cell (eWpuiP}ii'Y{bSv|v a(u) won the Second-Prize of National Technical Advancement in 2014. The material and key techniques of 600 kA electrolyzing cell with ultra-large capacity passed the technique examination and the scientific and technical achievements authentications organized by the Ministry of Science and Technology and China Non-ferrous Metals Industry Association, showing that its overall techniques have reached the international advancement level. The efficient green aluminums electrolysis technique carried out the experimental study on packaged technology in respect of aluminum electrolyzing cell of different levels, which basically had the industrial experiment conditions. In alumina enterprises, the Company comprehensively promoted the application of efficient and advanced Bayer process, therefore, the average cycle efficiency of the Company increased by 2.73kgm 3 on a year-on-year basis. Moreover, the key technique of effective magnetic separation of iron mineral in tiny red mud obtained significant breakthrough.
6. The Company intensified project management and strictly controlled the capital expenditure.
Through benchmark management, we re-formulated the first level standard of construction investments in projects in relation to alumina, electrolytic aluminum, power plant, desulfurization and denitrification and others, refined the second level standard of construction investments in projects in relation to alumina, electrolytic aluminum and captive power plant, and formulated the overall standard of construction investment in mine projects. The Company strictly controlled the commencement of new projects with the investment expenditure within RMB8,700 million.
In addition to enhancing the maintenance of financing channels, the Company enriched the financial categories to ensure the stable credit rating. Through successful issuance of perpetual bond of USD400 million with a term of three years, we effectively improved the capital structure of the Company. Adhering to the principle of Determining Expenditure with Reference to Income, Balancing Income and Expenditure (N6e[e06eeMk), the Company strengthened the collection of receivables and intensified the capital management, with the net cash flow of RMB13,800 million in operation during the year to fully cover the capital expenditure.
7. The Company continued to conduct in-depth operating target responsibility management reform, with the constant release of enterprise vitality. On the basis of serious summary of the experiences, the Company continued to intensify the operating target responsibility management reform, further optimized the management structure, and encouraged the enthusiasm of the enterprises, with the achievements of market reform in eight enterprises, e.g. Shandong Branch. In order to further narrow the business accounting unit, the Company promoted the independent accounting of three major business units including mine, carbon and captive power plants. According to the principle of Separation between management and operation ({KR), we achieved the professional management of coal enterprises and coal projects. Moreover, the Company proactively explored and practiced the reform of mixed ownership.
8. The Company enhanced the safety and environmental facilities establishment, and strived to implement environmental protection. In the situation of limited funding, the Company carried forward twelve desulfurization and denitrification special projects in Shanxi Huaze, Lanzhou Branch, Guangxi Branch, Shanxi Branch, Henan Branch, Zhongzhou Branch and others with a total investment of RMB1.3 billion. Focusing on hidden problems resolving, the Company effectively promoted the management system operation in terms of safety, environment and quality to improve the corporate environmental guarantee capability.

The Board did not propose any final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2014 and such proposal was subject to approval of shareholders at the forthcoming 2014 annual general meeting.

For the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group recorded revenue of RMB141,772 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 16.32% or RMB27,659 million from RMB169,431 million from continuing operations in 2013. Loss attributable to owners of the parent and loss per share attributable to owners of the parent was RMB16,217 million and RMB1.20 respectively.
Business Outlook and Prospects The Company will particularly focus on the following tasks in the aspect of production and operation in 
1. Striving to implement a plan to turn around loss and overcome difficulties. The Company will further vigorously liquidize our assets, and speed up to optimize the industrial structure. Guizhou Maochang mining project (]4X&yv) will meet the condition of ore extraction in June, and Zhongzhou Duancun Leigou project (-N]kQgnv) will meet the condition of ore extraction at the end of the year. The Company will increase efforts to development of alumina core business and complete construction of Guizhou Qingzhen Alumina project (]n'lSv). The Company will launch construction of the second phase alumina project in Xing County and the alumina project of Zhongzhou Branch, optimise energy structure, promote implementation of the boundary conditions under the first batch structural adjustment plan of 2x350MV self-prepared equipment of Huize Aluminum, actively develop joint venture, newly establish projects to realize the diversity of investment entities and accomplish the preparation of the Thirteenth Five-year 
2. Continuing to enhance basic management. The Company will deepen operational transformation, enhance the level of comprehensive improvement for basic management, strengthen the management to target company, improve the level of management for areas of mining, increase the technology to deal with underground mining, increase the quality of the ratio of self-explored mines and supplied mines, optimize the production organization of alumina, improve the efficiency of circulation, perform energy saving, reduction of consumption and reliability enhancing for electrolytic aluminum in self-operated power plant, strive to increase the ratio of alloy building of the products with electrolytic aluminum, seize the job of carbon-related comprehensive governance and enhancement of quality and reduction of cost and work hard for approximately 5% and 3% of decrease in production cost of alumina and electrolyzed aluminium, respectively, as compared that in 2014.
3. Continuously deepening operating target responsibility management reform. Further expanding the coverage of operation target, responsibility, management and reform: by focusing on the enterprises which have implemented operating target responsibility management reform, the Company will deepen the reform in respect to the second and third level of units, explore the shareholdings of management and employees, stimulate the activeness of the corporate management teams, reinforce the assessment of business unit including mines, carbon-related business, and establish an independent operating system of low cost and high efficiency.
4. Attaching great importance to capital management. The Company will continue to build better communication and strategic cooperation with financial institutions, adequately apply various platforms for financing in the country and overseas, expand channels for financing, optimise the capital structure, continue to strictly control the investment and cash expenses, limit the annual capital expenses within RMB10 billion, endeavor to realize the balance between net operating cash flow and capital expenses without increase in the asset-liability ratio.
5. Intensively unearthing the operation potential of supply and sales. the Company has to develop the advantage of scale in the Company and the Group, be highly aware of studying and judging the change in the market, and adequately control the rhythm of procurement and sales, increase the strength for development in the market, enhance communications with clients and suppliers, further enhance the strength in direct procurement, centralized procurement and joint negotiation and signing of separate contracts, deepen the application of E-commerce procurement platform, reinforced sunshine purchase, strengthen reduction of cost in procurement, integrate the logistics resources, resulting in promoting the logistics system construction of the Company.
6. Insisting on the Going Out strategy. The Company will speed up the project plan and study of Laos, finish off exploration of No. 1 and 2 mining areas and explore No.3 mining area, pragmatically strength the project of alumina in Indonesia, adequately exert the advantage of Chalco Hong Kong s overseas investment platform, and gradually develop an expansion of stable overseas supply base of bauxite, sufficiently exert the use of platform for Chalco Hong Kong for overseas financing, expand the trading situation, and endeavor to reduce the overall financial costs of the Company.
7. Reinforcing safety and environmental protection work. The Company will further optimize the organizational system for safety and environmental management, continue to transform the technique for equipment to prevent air pollution, strengthen operation of maintenance work of environmental facilities, continue to implement the transformation construction of de- sulphurization, de-nitrification and dust clearing, strengthen safety and environmental education and training, enhance integration of usage and construction of green mines, and continue to develop deepening the transformation of operation to reinforce the on-site management as the basis of safety and environment management.
In 2015, the Board and operating management of the Company will seriously organize the implementation of working plan to turn loss into gain, meticulously complete all the key tasks, be steady and confident, carry out innovative management and reduction of cost, speed up reform and market expansion to comprehensively realize the operating target of turning loss into gain of the Company.

