Chairman s Statement 
I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the financial year ended December 31, 2013 for shareholders review. On behalf of the Board of the Company and all employees, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders for your care for and support for the Company.
Product Market Reviews Primary Aluminum Market In 2013, the world economy recovered slowly, which brought about a slight increase in the global consumption of primary aluminum. However, additional primary aluminum production capacity aggravated the problem of overcapacity in the world s aluminum market. Meanwhile, it was expected that the global liquidity will tighten further, which will continue to suppress the price of aluminum.
In 2013, the price of primary aluminum continued its downward trend. In the beginning of 2013, the financial cliff problem in the U.S. was successfully solved. The economies of countries such as the PRC and the U.S. had positive performance, which led the international and domestic aluminum prices to record high in the year. Subsequent to March, the upturn of the world economy was below expectation.
The liability crunch around the world was expected to worsen. Mounting pressure of oversupply in the aluminum market drove the price of primary aluminum to plunge continuously. In the third quarter, the major economies in the world witnessed upturn. Along with the fact that the global demand-supply dynamics of primary aluminum was improved due to the reduction of production, the price of primary aluminum was rather stable. The price remained volatile in general. In the fourth quarter, the Federal Reserve in the U.S. announced that it would launch its QE exit plan. Meanwhile, the demand and supply conflict in the global primary aluminum market worsened again, which suppressed the price of aluminum. As a result, the price of aluminum declined for a second time. In December, the international and domestic aluminum prices hit record low for the year. In 2013, the average price of three-month aluminum futures at SHFE amounted to RMB14,592tone, representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.62%.
According to the statistics, the global output and consumption of primary aluminum for year 2013 were approximately 50.57 million tonnes and approximately 50.90 million tonnes, respectively; while the domestic output and consumption of primary aluminum were approximately 24.90 million tonnes and approximately 24.80 million tonnes, respectively. As of the end of December in 2013, the capacity utilization rate of primary aluminum enterprises in the world (inclusive of the PRC) was 78.46%, while that of the PRC was 79.81%.

In 2013, as there was limited new production of alumina abroad in recent years, the overall spot supply of aluminum overseas tended to be balanced and periodically stressed due to the rapid expansion of aluminum in the Middle East and the rebound in the demand for imported alumina in the PRC. Although the alumina price at LME continued to decline, the fundamentals supported a slight rebound in the foreign spot price of alumina in 2013, with annual average price up to US$326 per tonne, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.19%.
In 2013, under the pressure of the continuous decline in the domestic aluminum price, the domestic price of alumina continued to fall as a whole until the end of September. In the fourth quarter, driven by increased demands for centralized production of primary aluminum enterprises in Xinjiang region, the spot price of alumina slightly rebounded. However, such rebound was limited by the pressure of the a aluminum price. The annual average price of alumina at home was RMB2,497 per tonne, representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.70%.
According to the statistics, the global output and consumption of alumina for 2013 were approximately 106.80 million tonnes and approximately 105.13 million tonnes, respectively. The domestic output and consumption of alumina were approximately 49 million tonnes and approximately 51.30 million tonnes, respectively. Imported alumina in the PRC amounted to approximately 3.83 million tonnes in 2013. As of the end of December 2013, the alumina capacity utilization rate of alumina enterprises in the world (inclusive of the PRC) was 79.48%, while that of the PRC was 81.67%.

In 2013, the PRC was on a stage of restructuring and transformation. Under the pressure of overcapacity, the market prices of primary products of the Company dropped continuously. Facing severe market situations, the Company adhered to the main course of strategy transformation, market-oriented reform and operation transitions, proactively responded to various difficulties and challenges, adopted a variety of practical and efficient approaches, so as to maintain smooth production and operation and to fulfill the working objectives of turning loss into gain set in the beginning of the year.
1. The strategy adjustments were steadily pushed forward, and the concept of development became clearer. The Company adjusted the development strategy based on careful analysis of factors such as the overall structural challenges of the aluminum industry and self-development needs with the aim of strengthening the aluminum industry, and insisted on the development of expanding the businesses into the upstream of the industry chain and the higher end of the value chain, actively develop quality bauxite resources and coal resources, develop the core business of alumina, adjust and optimize electrolytic aluminum business, endeavor to improve the comprehensive competitiveness of the Company through market-oriented reforms and business transformation and transformation of scientific results. In the first half of the year, the Company completed transfer of relevant equity interests and the assets of aluminum fabrication enterprises and the alumina production line of of Guizhou Branch. In the second half of the year, the Company completed the transfer of 65% equity interests in Simandou iron ore project in Guinea while the alumina project in Xing County was completed and put into production with mines available for ore extraction. Baotou Aluminum s captive power plant project completed construction in 2014.
2. The production and operation of the Company ran smoothly, and the quality of its products grew moderately. In 2013, the output of domestic self-owned bauxite mines amounted to 16.24 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.37%, the output of foreign self-owned bauxite mines amounted to 0.89 million tonnes, the output of alumina amounted to 12.14 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.02%, the output of alumina chemicals amounted to 1.72 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 30.84%, the output of primary aluminum products amounted to 3.84 million tonnes (only output of Jiaozuo Wanfang for four months counted), representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.00%.
3. The Company strengthened independent innovation and accelerated technological promotion. In 2013, the Company completed 110 technological projects, including 12 projects for technological development, 15 projects for the industrialization, promotion and application of advanced technology as well as 83 projects for basic application. In respect of major technique achievements in key areas, the Company completed the research and development of innovative series process technique for alumina production and the 600kA super capacity electrolysing cell; in the field of electrolytic aluminum, the Company continued to promote the new structure of cathode steel bar and the magnetohydrodynamics stability technology of electrolysing cell (e_puihP}i TixAmiz[bS) ; As for the alumina, the Company implemented the major scientific and technological project, i.e. the research and industrial application of highly efficient Bayer technology (He7_Sb3lbSxvz"umiSa(u) by developing and applying certain practical and innovative technologies and received a Second Class Prize in the 2013 National Progress Award in Science and Technology for this project. By the end of 2013, the Company owned 1,464 patents, including 539 invention patents.
4. The Company leveraged its leading role in marketing and reduced the cost of marketing and procurement. In 2013, confronted with the critical market condition, the Company advocated innovative trade service models and profit models regarding alumina sale. The capability of market operation and resource allocation was also further strengthened in this respect. By tapping into the potential from various aspects such as upstream and downstream customers, trade and finance, logistics and storage, the Company specifically overcame the stress of oversupply in the market of Southwest region. The sales volume increased by 15% on a year-on-year basis.
In respect of electrolytic aluminum sale, the Company was keen to maintain a low inventory level according to the trend of market changes and strived to avert from the impairment risk arising from the continuous fall in prices. In the meantime, the Company tapped into the linage mechanism of future goods and spot goods, which expanded its channels of earnings and resulted in a year-on-year increase of 22% in sale volume. The Company promoted the direct sale of aluminum fluid, resulted in an increase of 34% in the sale volume on a year-on-year basis, and reduced cost expenditures of melting and casting. In 2013, the Company further strengthened efforts on centralized procurement. Firstly, such initiative increased endeavor in bidding and tender and further improved the transparency of centralized purchasing. Secondly, it expanded the scale of centralized management to increase the concentration ratio of the goods procurement of the Company from 40% to 64%, which further strengthened the bargaining power of the Company.
Thirdly, it continuously promoted friendly cooperation with strategic partners, which significantly trimmed the purchasing cost and better positioned itself to safeguard supply.
5. The Company expanded its financing channels to secure funding. In 2013, in respect of financing channels, on the basis of maintaining the indirect financing platform of existing bank loans and direct financing platform of interbank bond market, the Company gave full play to overseas financing and capital usage platform to issue US$350 million senior perpetual securities. In the meantime, it also ensured the security of the capital chain of the Company through carrying out the businesses such as finance leases, factored trade receivables, trust financing and so forth. In respect of optimizing the capital structure, the Company allowed full play to low-cost financing platform of NAFMII to strive for low-cost capital and issued debt financing instruments in a total sum of RMB23,000 million throughout the year. In respect of improving capital utilization efficiency, the Company kept a close watch on the objectives of operating cash flows, strengthened budget management of capital to improve the overall capital efficiency of the Company. Meanwhile, the Company strictly controlled capital expenditures and the yearly capital expenditures (including resources exploration and capital operation) reduced by 36.06% on a year- 
6. The Company aspired to lay foundation for safe production and depend efforts in environmental protection. The scale of the Company was further expanded and the consumption of energy and resources increased accordingly, which exposed the Company to escalating pressure on production safety and environmental protection. In 2013, the Company further strengthened safety, environment, occupational health, energy saving and emission reduction as well as quality control, comprehensively standardized production safety, aligned safety standardization and QHSE management system to lay solid foundation for safe production of the enterprise. In 2013, the Company s emission of SO 2 deceased by 1.9% on a year-on-year basis, its emission of COD decreased by 24.05% on a year-on-year basis and newly increased areas of mine rehabilitation reached 2,803 mu.
7. The Company deepened operational transformation and facilitated management upgrades.
In 2013, the Company emphasized the transformation from being professional to being systematic , and from being micro to macro in the operational transformation. The target of the upgrading of management altered from major entities to auxiliary entities, from branches to workshops and teams. The Company strengthened the daily management of operation transformation, pushed forward an overall coverage of operation transformation in all entities and enterprises and completed a total of 14 CBS modules throughout the year. Through management improvement, the percentage of excellent class alumina increased by 7.49 percentage points as compared with the corresponding period of the preceding year. The consolidated energy consumption decreased by 11.08% as compared with the corresponding period of the preceding year. The consumption of alternating current in aluminum ingot production decreased by 0.81% as compared to the corresponding period of the preceding year. The cost of steam supply of alumina thermoelectricity decreased by 14.49% as compared with the corresponding period of the preceding year. The maintenance expenses of equipment decreased by 8.91% as compared with the corresponding period of the preceding year.
8. The Company steadily carried forward its market-oriented reform and showcased its enterprising dynamism in a continuous manner. In 2013, the Company further designed the top-down plan for its market oriented reform, formulated Guidance on Deepening the Reform of Human Resources Management in Lanzhou Branch, Baotou Aluminum, Shanxi Huaze, Shanxi Branch and other companies, further optimized market-oriented appointment of general managers of enterprises and the operating team system, increased the proportion of general managers of enterprises through market-oriented appointment and continued to promote responsibility pledge and target responsibility management. Each enterprise held public competition for the positions of middle- level cadres and medium management and implemented various kinds of operational model reform such as contracting, leasing, authorized operation, internal simulative market, analogy to operation of legal person and so forth for the purpose of exploration of stock assets, which strengthened the vitality of operation and management of enterprises. In 2013, the Company started to optimize employee allocation, which further simplified the structure and reduced the staff.

The Board did not propose any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2013 and such proposal was subject to approval of shareholders at the forthcoming 2013 annual general meeting.

For the year ended December 31, 2013, the Group recorded revenue from continuing operations of RMB169,431 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.12% while the revenue of the Group from both the continuing operations and the discontinued operation amounted to RMB173,038 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.76%. Net profit attributable to owners of the parent and earnings per share attributable to owners of the parent amounted to RMB975 million and RMB0.07 
Business Outlook and Prospects In 2014, world economy will continue its trend of slow recovery. Economic growth in the US has picked up speed to a certain degree, and technological innovation has gained new progress, but the monetary policy has turned neutral and the countries with burgeoning markets and the developing countries may be challenged with stagflation. The overall positive trend of Chinese economy remains unchanged, and the acceleration of the new-type urbanization has provided larger room for base material enterprises.
The new round of industrial transformation and upgrade has created opportunities for new structural adjustment and industrial shift for enterprises in the traditional industries, but within a short term, the oversupply of the major products of the Company persisted, and the price of the products still hovered at a low level, even went downwards. The operation of the Company still faced great challenges and pressure. In this respect, in 2014, the Company will implement the operating strategy of keep- fit adjustments to comprehensively further the Company s internal reform. It will practically study, establish, organize and implement solutions to turnaround in key companies which incurred losses.
Following the direction of consuming, shifting, reorganizing and eliminating batch by batch , it will further the optimization of the allocation of corporate internal resources and the optimization of the deployment of staff. It will strictly implement its cost management and fund management and control, and strictly control funding expenses to emphasize on the enhancement of the Company s major 
1. Continuously promoting the structural adjustment and accelerating the key project construction.
The fundamental solution to get rid of the loss-making situation of the Company is to cultivate new competitive edges. The Company will facilitate the industrial transformation and upgrade, and by integrating and re-organising the internal resources, it will hone its competitive edge and deploy the existing bauxite resources in a reasonable manner and increase the production capacity of the existing alumina enterprises by a proper timing, and prioritise the coal, power network and construction of industrial park of the existing primary aluminum enterprises. It will fully exercise the supportive function of technological innovation and continues to reinforce the research on key technologies and popularize and apply the major technological achievements such as highly efficient Bayer technology (He7_Sb3lbS) and new cathode steel bar and magnetohydrodynamics stability technology (e_puihTxAmiz[bS), etc., to reduce costs through technical means. It will quicken the construction of key projects to ensure the project of self-supply power plants of Baotou Aluminum, the Duancun-Leigou project of Zhongzhou come into production within the year or make major progresses. It will actively promote the construction of the alumina relocation project of the Guizhou branch and accelerate the construction of the bauxite project in Indonesia and Laos.
2. Continuously reinforcing benchmarking management and promoting the operational transformations. In order to sharpen the competitive edge of the enterprise in the market, the Company will continuously reinforce the overall benchmarking management, strengthen the sense of market competition and continuously reduce the cost and increase the efficiency to ensure further reduction of the cost of alumina and primary aluminum as compared with last year. Based on the operational transformation, it will strengthen fundamental management. By leveraging on promoting the CBS energy efficiency module, it will further reduce the consolidated energy consumption to guarantee the year-on-year decrease of 60 kWhtonne in the consumption of aluminum liquid alternating current. It will increase the trade volume and market share in various ways flexibly by fully exerting the function of marketing and procurement and intensifying market analysis and research. By leveraging on the advantages of centralized procurement, joint negotiation and signing of separate contracts, strategic cooperation and the E-commerce procurement platform, it will further the goal of reducing procurement cost.
3. Promoting reform and innovation on all fronts and keeping boosting the energy of the enterprise.
The Company will continue to expand the contents and scope of market-oriented reform and actively explore ways to encourage the shareholding of the management of the Company and the purchase of shares by the employees. For the enterprises which the Company pay special attention to, the Company will take the initiative to introduce the joint-stock reform of various investment bodies that are state-owned, privately-owned and foreign-owned and encourage the transformation of the enterprises. It will actively cooperate with the power generation enterprises upstream and the major clients in the downstream market in form of joint venture or cross-holding to establish a benefit sharing mechanism to strengthen the competitiveness of the enterprises. It will introduce a mechanism where the privately-owned enterprises manage and operate. Based on the work done in 2013, it will continue to facilitate the optimization of the employees.
4. Facilitating the adjustment and optimization of the enterprises which were suffering from losses and intensifying the clearing of non-performing assets. The Company will accelerate the optimization of the industrial chain of the existing enterprises and tailor-make the policy of each plant so that every enterprise will be well positioned to form a customized solution to maximize the benefit. It will reinforce the clearing of the non-performing assets of the enterprises in the market-oriented philosophy mainly focusing on deployment and disposal as an assisting measure.
By combining relocation and renovation, integrated development, subcontracting and leasing, and closing and quitting, the Company accelerated the clearing of the assets which had been suffering from long-time losses and had no hope of turnaround and the less competitive assets.
5. Strengthening capital management and ensuring capital security. The Company will pay special attention to the maintenance of the existing financing channels. It will reinforce the equity financing and strive to optimize the capital structure. It will hold up to the philosophy of the priority of cash and ensure that we meet the annual goal for the operational cash flow. We will strictly control the capital expenditure in a bid to exercise a stringent control of the growth of the interest-bearing debts. It will actively explore other financing channels and fight for low cost capital through various ways such as project financing, trade financing of foreign currency, syndicated loan and attracting insurance fund, etc. to seek low-cost capital. It will explore new ideas for capital operation and attract external capital through equity diversification and inventory assets joint venture cooperation.
6. Stressing safety and environmental protection and realising harmonious development. The Company will strictly reinforce the management of safe production and environmental accidents of various kinds, and stick to the principle of never letting go of an accident without checking out the cause and the responsible person or without educating others and working out measures to prevent similar accidents ( 0V N>eN 0). Investigation, analysis, prevention and handling for each accident should be done conscientiously and examined strictly. It will continue to fight against the three breaches ( 0 NU 0), i.e. supervision in breach of regulations, operation in breach of regulations and conduct in breach of discipline and strengthen the education and training in a bid to identify and correct the insecure conducts. It will make efforts to conduct thorough check- up for safe production and take a firm grip on the troubleshooting for potential accidents and to enhance the safety from the root. It will reinforce the management of the hidden environmental trouble to ensure that the emission of various pollutants meet the standards. The management will be carried out pursuant to the requirements of the QHSE management system.
In 2014, with the philosophy and means for reform and the courage and measures for innovation, we will summon up our spirit and determination to over come obstacles and difficulties in a bid to create value for the shareholders.

