Chairman s Statement 
I hereby present the annual report of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2009 for shareholders review. On behalf of the Board of the Company and all employees, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders for their concern and support for the Company.
Product Market Reviews The supply and demand as well as the price of aluminum are closely tied to changes in the global and the PRC macro-economies. Changes in the global and PRC economic climate have a significant impact on the aluminum market.
Primary Aluminum Market Due to the global economic slowdown and a plummeted demand amidst the global financial crisis in early 2009, the price of aluminum lingered at low levels.
Both prices of spot aluminum at the London Metal Exchange (hereafter as LME ) and Shanghai Futures Exchange of the PRC (hereafter as SHFE ) tumbled as low as US$1,288 per tonne and RMB11,405 per tonne, respectively. Following the introduction of stimulus packages worldwide and China s collection and storage of non-ferrous metals since March, the economy has bottomed out, consumption has been gradually picking up and the aluminum price fluctuated upward. Prices of spot aluminum on the LME and SHFE surged as high as US$2,265 per tonne and RMB16,850 per tonne, respectively. The average price of spot aluminum quoted by LME in 2009 was US$1,664 per tonne, representing a decrease of 35.3% over the corresponding period last year, while that of SHFE was RMB13,617 per tonne, representing a decrease of 21.5% over the corresponding period last year.
In 2009, the global output of primary aluminum was approximately 37.68 million tonnes, representing a decrease of 5.7% over the corresponding period last year.
The global consumption of primary aluminum was approximately 34.28 million tonnes, representing a decrease of 10.1% over the corresponding period last year.
In the same year, the domestic output of primary aluminum was approximately 12.98 million tonnes, representing a decrease of 1.5% over the corresponding period last year and the domestic consumption of primary aluminum was approximately 13.80 million tonnes, representing an increase of 10.4% over the corresponding period last year.
Given the steadily improving aluminum demand, especially a strong rebound in the major aluminum consumption industries such as the domestic real estate and automobile sectors, idle capacity of aluminum was gradually restarted. By the end of December 2009, the global production utilization rate (inclusive of those of the PRC) of primary aluminum reached 82%, while that of the PRC was 83%.

In 2009, international and domestic prices of spot alumina gradually fluctuated upward. Due to reduced production by aluminum manufacturers and drastic decrease in demand, the FOB price and the domestic price of spot alumina plummeted as low as approximately US$180 per tonne and RMB1,800 per tonne, respectively. Driven by the economic recovery and resumption of aluminum production since the third quarter, the FOB price for spot alumina in the international market went up to a maximum of approximately US$347 per tonne.
At present, the international spot alumina CIF price is about US$325 per tonne and the price of domestic spot alumina price is between RMB2,900 and RMB3,000 per 
The global output of alumina for 2009 was approximately 72.66 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year decrease of 8.1%; the consumption reached approximately 72.36 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.8%. The domestic output of alumina reached approximately 23.82 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.6%. The demand for alumina was approximately 26.43 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1%. In 2009, imported alumina amounted to approximately 5.14 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.2%. With the resumption of primary aluminum production, alumina manufacturers around the world have gradually restored their production since the third quarter. As at the end of December 2009, the production utilization rate of alumina of global aluminum enterprises (inclusive of those of the PRC) was 81%, while that of the PRC was 90%.

Struck by the international financial crisis, the year 2009 saw dampened demand and long-depressed prices in the aluminum market, which posed unprecedented difficulties and challenges to the Group s production and operation. Through its keep business going, constrain expenses and tighten control three-pronged strategies, the Group adopted scientific and effective counter-measures including enhancing management, reducing energy consumption, controlling costs and expenses, stabilizing supply as well as strengthening sales and constraining investment to enable stable operation of the Group s production and business.
1. Refined baseline management and stabilized production. In response to the rapidly deteriorating market conditions, the Group decisively adjusted its operation strategies. To serve sustainable development, the Group tighten its administrative expenses and procurement costs, and exercise controls over three aspects, namely project investments, costs and capital management.
On production operations, the Group improved its production arrangement and adopted more flexible and profit-oriented production plans, and also achieved stable production operations by executing its contingency plans and fully exploiting its unutilized potentials. In 2009, the output of alumina of the Group reached 7.78 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year decrease of 13.8%. The output of alumina chemicals was 1.03 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1%. The output of primary aluminum amounted to 3.44 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.8%. The output of aluminum fabrication products was 412,600 tonnes, representing a year-on-year decrease of 27.9%.
2. Stringent cost control, lowering costs and boosting efficiency throughout its business process. Apart from implementing cost reduction in every production flow and position, the Group made the best of its potentials and consistently improved its technical and economical indicators as part of its efforts to reduce materials and energy consumption. The Group also strictly controlled costs and expenses, avoided waste and cut expenses. With the management taking the lead, the Company implemented a universal pay cut to reduce labour costs. In 2009, the unit production cost of the Group was lower than that of last year. The unit production costs of alumina and aluminum in 2009 decreased by 18% and 17% compared with that of last 
3. Tightened financial management in all respects. By focusing on controlling liquidity and to keep business within budget, the Group strictly controlled costs and expenses to secure a stable cash flow. It also exercised stringent control to constrain interest-bearing liabilities, and optimized its debt portfolio and cut finance costs by low-cost refinancing. Efforts were made to bring in more in-depth analysis on operating activities, improve budget and cash flow alert system, and strengthen risk control. Meanwhile, management on inventories and procurement was consolidated to lower the purchase 
4. Doubled efforts to protect resources. The Group spared no effort in speeding up mine construction, strengthening bauxite procurement and production as well as improving safety of bauxite supply and comprehensive utilization of resources. In 2009, the contribution from self-owned and joint venture- mining projects increased by approximately 26.43 percentage points over the corresponding period last year. Furthermore, the Group acquired 11 bauxite mining rights with an addition of 53 million tonnes of bauxite to its reserves, and 1.515 million tonnes of bauxite to its self-owned mining capacity.
5. Proactively scaled new heights in technology. The Group made significant progress in the research and development and commercialization of technological applications with breakthroughs in several key technologies.
In particular, the Group extensively applied the new technologies that can effectively enhance production and quality, reduce costs and improve efficiency, and save energy and reduce emission. As for alumina, leveraging its new proprietary technologies for bauxite ore processing, as well as its efficiency-based and energy-saving alumina production technologies, the Group has effectively alleviated shortage of resources and energy. As for aluminum, the Group further promoted the application of new technologies and equipment for aluminum development. It also boosted the efficiency of electric current, production volume and life span of its equipment whilst reducing energy consumption by promoting 3-dimensional refinements and new know-how in newly structured aluminum smelting. In relation to aluminum fabrication, focus was put on the development of new materials and new products such as aluminum alloys for transportation application, high quality can foil, CTP plate base and metal composite materials. Such emphases on strengthening commercialization of new products gave the Group the technological edge to adjust its product mix and expand market 
6. Advanced energy saving and emission reduction. The Group set development goals and assurance policies for recycling and conservation of resources, aspiring to transform itself into a resource-efficient enterprise. Through focusing on streamlining its production workflow, phasing out obsolete equipment, actively adjusting its industry portfolio and perfecting its production structure, the Group speeded up the refinement of integrated energy-saving technology by means of new production techniques and technologies. In 2009, the Company saved energy equivalent to 1.45 million tonnes of standard coal.
7. On investment management, the Group reassessed the market competitiveness of its key projects and focused on investing structural adjustment projects. Through strengthening the analysis of capital expenditure in capital planning, the Group optimized the capital arrangements for its projects, thereby exercising greater control on workflows and resulting in a more effective control of its investment risks.
8. The Group proactively initiated negotiations and cooperations in direct purchase of electricity. As at the end of 2009, five out of nine pilot enterprises, representing a total of 755,000 tonnes of smelting capacity, which accounted for 33.62% of the total 2.2457 million tonnes expected smelting capacity were confirmed. Negotiations of the remaining four enterprises are underway.
9. The Group further promoted its overseas projects. The Group is preparing the feasibility report for the alumina project in Queensland, Australia. In addition, Chalco (Hong Kong) Ltd, a subsidiary of the Group, together with Malaysia Mining Company (MMC) and Saudi Arabian Binladin Group (SBG), planned to develop and operate an aluminum plant with an annual capacity of approximately 1 million tonnes and a self-owned power plant in Jazan Economic City of Saudi Arabia. Currently, the feasibility report for the project is being prepared.

The revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2009 amounted to RMB70.3 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 8.42%. The loss attributable to the equity holders of the Company was RMB4.643 billion. Loss per share attributable to the equity holders of the Company was RMB0.3433.
Business Outlook and Prospects In 2010, the global economy continues to regain its momentum with an increase in market demand. However, the industry is still shrouded by some uncertainties and aluminum price is expected to fluctuate toward higher ends. By prioritizing on effectiveness, inventory, innovation and resources in order to focus on building up new competitive edges, the Group will embark on a structural overhaul on all fronts. The Group will insist on phasing out the obsolete whilst engaging in new development, integrate internal restructuring with external mergers and acquisitions, and continue to press ahead with its cost-oriented strategy, stick to its principle of lowering cost and enhancing efficiency, and step up its efforts in resource acquisition and technology innovation, in order to achieve a turnaround to profits. To this end, the Group will put its efforts on the following aspects: 1. To ensure the stability in production and operation, the Group will strengthen its production organization by maximizing its production efficiency in order to further realize the overall advantages of its product chain as well as to reduce cost and operating risks.
2. To actively adjust its industry structure. As for bauxite, the Group will fiercely explore domestic resources, increase self-owned mining proportion, increase and enhance bauxite reserves. Meanwhile, it will actively seek chances to tap overseas resources, selectively participate and promote promising international exploitation and development projects. As for alumina, the Group will commence production skills and techniques upgrade as well as production process optimization. It will strategically establish alumina plants in favourable locations to replace obsolete capacity. As regards aluminum, the Group will refine and phase out obsolete capacity and relocate capacity to coal-, water- and electricity-rich areas. It will also apply new technological achievements, optimize existing production skills, promote the application of advanced equipment such as new models of electrolytic cells, reduce overall energy consumption, and actively promote co-operation between aluminum and electricity plants. As regards aluminum fabrication services, the Group will focus on developing cutting-edge aluminum materials to cement the Company s technical advantages on high-end products, and in turn achieve professional, large-scaled and streamlined production.
3. To enhance capital structure, optimize debt portfolio and cut finance costs. The Group will strengthen budget controls and centralized capital management in all aspects, strengthen its financial control, enhance the quality and efficiency of budget controls and capital allocation; strive to implement its cost-oriented strategy for the sake of reducing production cost; strictly control the Company s debt size, further enhance the controls over cash flow budget, and maintain the cash reserve at a safe level. The Group will also strengthen the analyses on capital reports, further optimize its debt structure and financing structure, reduce the cost of capital, increase the efficiency of capital use, and guard against credit risks. Moreover, the Group will step up its monitoring and control over the credit risks of its subsidiaries, enhance its credit risk monitoring and alert system, and reasonably identify the key monitoring areas and control measures to guard against credit risks.
4. To vigorously promote the resources strategy, step up mine construction and improve the safety and reliability of bauxite ore supply. The Group will accelerate the industrial application of ore-processing, optimize the reasonable allocation of resources, and upgrade the levels of comprehensive utilization of resources. At the same time, the Group will continue the progress of its overseas development projects.
5. To vigorously expedite technological strategies. With the theme of lowering cost and enhancing efficiency, reducing energy consumption and emission, and promoting technology reserves, the Group will stick to the general principle of optimizing structure and achieving maximum financial performance when propelling the industrialization of advanced technology, in a bid to upgrade equipment and product quality. The Group will also speed up its research and development on technological projects and actively resort to advanced and appropriate technology to reduce the consumption of resources and energy, and in turn accelerate the optimization and upgrading of the operations. At the same time, the Group will selectively develop scientific technology and basic research to ensure the Group s sustainable 
6. To take advantage of low material cost to acquire adequate strategic reserve.
The Group will adopt centralized procurement and strategically partner with sizable enterprises to reduce inventory cost and procurement cost. The Group will optimize sales and marketing strategies under the management system of centralized management and entrusted operation , innovate its marketing modes, strengthen market analyses and estimates, enhance its capabilities to tap the market and boost its operating standard, establish a sound market alert system, as well as consolidate and expand market shares.
7. To optimize investment structure. The Group will optimize the design and strictly control the budgetary estimates for projects as well as monitor the entire project development process with a view to reducing investment cost and ensuring the achievement of the expected results. The accountability system for investment projects will be further implemented.
8. To accelerate the management system reform, optimize organizational structure and management workflows, enhance labour productivity and lower labour costs.
9. To strengthen the development of the internal control system, promote risk management on all fronts, enhance the internal supervision system, and strengthen risk prevention and control and internal audit in key areas.
10. To actively press ahead with the cooperations and negotiations concerning direct purchases of electricity.
In 2010, we will do our utmost to achieve our goals as a return to our shareholders.

