Chairman s Statement To operate with care, serve with integrity, fulfil social responsibilities proactively, with a view to further enhancing our corporate image and brand reputation, strive to achieve the goals of maximum effi ciency, optimal image, and best return .

I am pleased to present to you the Group s operating results for the 
2008 has been an extraordinary year for China. During the first half of the year, the country was hit by the snow storm in Southern China at the beginning of the year, and then by the devastating earthquake in Sichuan on 12 May 2008. In the second half of this year, China felt the impact of the global financial crisis. Due to these external factors, the Company s operating and development environment has become very challenging. In response to this, the Company accurately assessed the macroeconomic and financial situation, the competition landscape and trends of the industry, and adopted proactive and prudent measures. As a result, the Company continued to be one of the strongest performers in the industry. The Company further enhanced its overall strength, leading position in the life insurance industry and social recognition during the year, making solid progress in the mode of development with its own characteristics.
For the Reporting Period, the Group s total revenues reached RMB166,811 million, net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was RMB21,277 million, and the basic and diluted earnings per share was RMB0.75. The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.23 per share for the year ended 31 December 2008. This will come into effect after shareholders approval at the Annual General Meeting to be held on Monday, 25 
The Company is the core member of China Life Insurance (Group) Company, which has been listed in Fortune Global 500 and the World Brand Lab s The World s 500 Most Influential Brands . In 2008, the Company received the Best Corporate Governance award by Finance Asia, and the Best Insurance Company in Asia 2008 and the Best Insurance Company in China 2008 awards by Euromoney. In January 2009, Standard & Poor Rating Services, Moody s Investors Service and Fitch Ratings assigned A+ , A1 and A+ to the Company respectively, with a stable rating outlook.
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS GROWTH AND FURTHER ENHANCEMENT IN FINANCIAL 
During the year, the Company fully leveraged the resources of its local branches, sales force and bancassurance channels by adopting the proactive competition strategy, resulting in a rapid growth of its insurance business. During the Reporting Period, the Group s gross written premiums and policy fees reached RMB135,325 million, an increase of 20.9% from 2007.
According to the data released by CIRC, under PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( PRC GAAP ), the Company s market share in 2008 was about 40.3%, up 0.5 percentage points from 2007, further enhancing the Company s leading position in the life insurance market of China.
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group s total assets reached RMB1,044,828 million, an increase of 11.9% from the end of 2007. The embedded value reached RMB240,087 million, and the solvency ratio was 310%. For the Reporting Period, value of one year s sales of the Company reached RMB13,924 million, an increase of 15.6% from 
MEETING WITH MARKET CHANGES PROACTIVELY AND EMPHASIZING SUSTAINABILITY OF DEVELOPMENT In 2008, in response to the increasingly acute competition in the insurance market, the Company continued to optimize its business structure and enhance long-term development sustainability. The Company focused on the development of traditional and participating products as well as moderate growth of investment-related products such as unit-linked insurance products and universal life insurance products, with a view to continually enhancing the profitability of its insurance products and business; emphasized on the development of long-term regular premium products to further optimize the business structure; and emphasized on the development of protection-oriented insurance products to continue to enhance the core competitiveness of its insurance products.
In 2008, the Group s first-year regular gross written premiums reached RMB30,280 million, an increase of 24.3% from 2007. First-year regular gross written premiums accounted for 93.4% of first-year gross written premiums of long-term traditional insurance contracts. Moreover, the Company s Policy Persistency Rate 1 (14 months and 26 months) reached 92.50% and 86.05% respectively. Surrender Rate 2 fell to 4.38%, a 1.62 percentage point decrease from 2007.
PRUDENT INVESTMENT STRATEGY, FURTHER OPTIMIZING INVESTMENT 
The sharp fall in capital markets during 2008 due to global financial crisis resulted in substantial pressure on the Company s investment. The Company adopted the prudent investment strategy, optimized the investment portfolio according to the market situations by reducing the proportion of equity investment and increased the investment in fixed-income securities, and endeavored to increase the efficiency of investment. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the proportion of debt securities increased from 52.1% at the end of 2007 to 61.4%, the proportion of term deposits increased from 19.8% at the end of 2007 to 24.4%, and the proportion of equity securities decreased from 23.0% at the end of 2007 to 8.0%.
The Company correctly assessed the situation in the international financial markets, and effectively controlled its investment risk during the market turmoil. The Company did not invest in any foreign debts, stocks and derivatives directly related to the subprime crisis. Moreover, the Company s US$ 260 million investment in the initial public offering of Visa International generated an investment return of close to 70%.
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group s investment assets reached RMB937,403 million, an increase of 10.3% from the end of 2007. For the Reporting Period, the net investment yield 3 was 4.96% and the gross investment yield 4 was 3.40%.
STEADY DEVELOPMENT OF DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS AND SALES TEAMS In 2008, the exclusive individual agents channel continued to be the core distribution channel for the Company, supplemented by the group insurance and bancassurance channels. These three channels witnessed steady development in the year. While ensuring the Company s business growth, the exclusive agents channel focused on the sale of long- term regular premium products, the group insurance channel focused on developing the more profitable accident insurance business, and regular-premium business through the bancassurance channel also grew quite strongly.
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had about 716,000 exclusive agents, an increase of 78,000 from the end of 2007. The proportion of exclusive agents holding valid licenses was 99.6%. The Company optimized the structure of its direct sales team, which has over 12,600 representatives. The Company had nearly 94,000 intermediary bancassurance outlets, including commercial bank branches, postal savings outlets and cooperative savings institutions.
In addition, the Company has over 26,000 client service managers for its bancassurance channel, an increase of 44% from the end of 2007, while the number of financial advisors in the bancassurance channel was over 11,000, an increase of 110% from the end of 2007.
ACCELERATING MANAGEMENT REFORM AND INNOVATION AND ENHANCING RISK 
In 2008, the Company continued to deepen the reform on the modern enterprise management system. While optimizing the provincial centralization of business management, customer service, finance and information technology, the Company also initiated centralized management of the exclusive agents distribution channel at the provincial level.
Five regional audit centers directly subordinate to the headquarters were established, and the internal audit system was rebuilt to strengthen the audit and supervision capabilities of the Company. In addition, the Company restructured the information technology function, and established its Beijing research and development centre and Shanghai database centre to form a professional research and development and operation support system.
In 2008, the Company further enhanced its internal risk control system. The Company established Sales Supervision Department and restructured its Internal Control and Compliance Department and Legal Affairs Department into Internal Control and Risk Management Department and Legal Affairs and Compliance Department through functional adjustment to clarify roles and responsibilities of risk management and properly allocate resources. The Company s risk control capability was further improved by strengthening its risk prospecting system, implementing special-purpose risk audits, stepping up efforts on investigation of improper sales cases, and implementing continuous auditing and effectiveness monitoring of the entire system.

In 2008, the Company aimed at continually improving its corporate governance structure and system so that its shareholders general meeting, Board of Directors, Supervisory Committee and senior management could fully perform their roles in decision-making, strategy execution, operating management and risk monitoring and control. During the year, the composition of the Board of Directors and its committees were readjusted with the election of new Directors, namely, Mr. Miao Jianmin, Mr. Lin Dairen and Ms. Liu Yingqi. The Board of Directors believes that the three newly elected Directors, with their rich experiences in the insurance industry, would make considerable contribution to the 
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY The Company has always been a caring member of the society and has proactively fulfilled its social responsibilities.
In 2008, the Company, the Company s employees and exclusive agents, together with China Life Charity Foundation donated more than RMB60 million after the snow storm in Southern China and the earthquake in Wenchuan, Sichuan.
In addition, the Company donated accident insurance to 12 types of disaster relief personnel such as soldiers and policemen involved in these events. The Company also announced to cover basic living expenses of earthquake orphans through China Life Charity Foundation. For supporting the national aerospace development, the Company provided insurance for the astronauts and scientists of the Shenzhou VII spacecraft. The Company was also conferred with the Olympic Volunteers Advanced Organizational Units for the excellent performance of its Olympic Audience Call Center volunteer team. Further, the Company received the China Charity Award, the highest charity award from the government, for the Company s outstanding charitable contributions.

2009 is expected to be a more difficult year full of uncertainties, both for international and domestic economies and financial markets. In accordance with the requirements of all-round, coordinated and sustainable development, the Company considers development as its top priority, and will strive to achieve stable growth of insurance business.
Meanwhile, the Company will continue to enhance business profitability through significantly restructuring the mix of its insurance portfolio. It will also further carry on the reform on its modern operation and management system to drive the momentum for continuous growth. Moreover, the Company will continue to strengthen its risk management and control capabilities to ensure sound business development. The Company will strive to capture business opportunities as its own situation permits, while emphatically guarding against various risks. The Company will continue to operate with care, serve with integrity, and fulfil social responsibilities proactively, with a view to further enhancing our corporate image and brand reputation, and strive to achieve the goals of maximum efficiency, optimal image, and best return , as well as create greater value for our shareholders.
By order of the Board 
