Chairman s Statement0 2012 was a year in which China s life insurance industry experienced enormous challenges and endured great business difficulties. With China s economic growth slowing down, capital markets experiencing continuous depression, and the growth of the life insurance industry slowing down significantly, the Company encountered unprecedented severe challenges in both underwriting and investment businesses. Faced with this difficult business environment, all employees of the Company firmly adhered to the keynote of tackling difficulties, making steady progress and striving for development and actively promoted innovation in products and technology, which enabled the Company to grow its business and steadily enhance new business value, maintain its market leading position, continue to improve the quality and structure of its business, and take an encouraging step towards a scale-value balanced business model.
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company s total assets reached RMB1,898,916 million, an increase of 19.9% from the end of 2011. The Company s embedded value was RMB337,596 million, an increase of 15.3% from 2011; and one-year new business value was RMB20,834 million, an increase of 3.1% from 2011. During the Reporting Period, the Company s total revenue was RMB371,485 million, an increase of 0.2% from 2011. The Company s market share in 2012 was approximately 32.4%, maintaining a leading position in life insurance market. Affected by various internal and external factors, net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB11,061 million, a decrease of 39.7% from 2011; and earnings per share (basic and diluted) were RMB0.39, a decrease of 39.7% from 2011. During the Reporting Period, the Company issued subordinated term debts of RMB38 billion in a timely manner pursuant to its solvency management objective and long-term capital plan. As at 31 December 2012, the Company s solvency ratio was 
The Board of Directors of the Company recommends the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.14 per share (inclusive of tax), subject to the shareholders approval at the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday, 5 June 2013.
The Company continued to improve its corporate governance. In July 2012, the Company successfully completed the change of sessions of the Board of Directors and the Supervisory Committee, and elected members of the fourth session of the Board of Directors and the Supervisory Committee. Mr. Zhang Xiangxian, Mr. Wang Sidong and Mr.
Tang Jianbang joined the new session of the Board of Directors, and Mr. Luo Zhongmin, Ms. Yang Cuilian and Mr.
Li Xuejun joined the new session of the Supervisory Committee. The new sessions of the Board of Directors and the Supervisory Committee will continue to play decision-making and supervisory roles in areas of strategic planning, risk management, internal control and compliance, and performance appraisal. Meanwhile, the Company would like to express its gratitude to the retired Directors Mr. Yuan Li, Mr. Shi Guoqing, Ms. Zhuang Zuojin and Mr. Ma Yongwei, as well as the retired Supervisors Ms. Yang Hong, Mr. Wang Xu and Mr. Tian Hui for their contribution to the development of the Company during their tenure! During the Reporting Period, the total amount of insurance benefits and claims paid by the Company reached RMB75,075 million, which further highlighted the Company s role in providing economic compensation and insurance protection to the society. While fulfilling its obligations under insurance policies, the Company actively undertook its corporate social responsibility. Relying on its competitive advantages in professionalism and business scale, the Company continued to develop policy businesses including New Village Cooperative Medical Insurance, New Rural Pension Insurance, Basic Medical Insurance Program for Urban and Township Residents, Rural Medical Assistance Insurance, as well as Rural Micro-insurance business. The Company also made a good start in the supplementary major illness insurance business by winning bids in a number of provinces, cities and districts. In addition, the Company provided insurance coverage for the astronauts of Shenzhou-9 and approximately 190,000 college-graduate village officials.
The Company actively participated in public welfare and charitable undertakings. During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to provide support for Wenchuan earthquake orphans, Yushu earthquake orphans and Zhouqu mudslide orphans through the China Life Foundation, and organized the fourth session of the China Life Summer Camp to provide orphans from these disaster-stricken areas with long-term, continuous physical and emotional support.
The Company continued to provide funding for the construction of China Life primary schools. The Company also donated to relevant foundations to provide women in impoverished areas with Screening for Two Gynecological Cancers and protection against serious diseases, and provide subsidies for particularly poor police families.
2013 is a key nexus for the implementation of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan . The international economic environment remains intricate and complex, and salient issues such as unbalanced, uncoordinated and unsustainable development continue to exist in the domestic economy. The insurance industry, and the life insurance industry in particular, remains in a period of profound adjustment and transformation of its development model. Taking a long-term perspective, the goal of building a moderately prosperous society and deepening the Reform and Opening up in all respects laid and strengthened the economic and institutional foundation for the development of the insurance industry. Overall, the Company is still at a significant stage with strategic opportunities for development. These new opportunities we face are opportunities which enable us to make better use of the unique functions and advantages of insurance, participate in the process of four new modernizations , provide services to the pension system, the social security system and people s livelihood, and promote the transformation of the model of development. In 2013, the Company intends to implement the innovation-driven development strategy with great effort, continue to adhere to the keynote of tackling difficulties, making steady progress and striving for development , focus on both scale and value, strive to accomplish the general task of steady growth, adjusting structure, transforming model and preventing risk , continue to reinforce the market leading position, and accelerate the transition from a scale-speed model to a scale-value model. The Company intends to focus on the development of first-year business and the growth of business value, coordinate the development of regional markets, and carry out the work of supplementary major illness insurance and New Village Cooperative Medical Insurance. The Company intends to establish innovation as a driving force, focus on the innovation in its products, technology and systems and mechanisms, thus continuously enhancing the Company s vitality and creativity.
The Company intends to further improve the means of its service to customers, diversify the substance of service, enhance the capabilities of service, and continue to strengthen the construction of local branches and sales teams. The Company also intends to do a solid job in risk prevention and proactively handle the intensive payments for maturity benefits so as to ensure the stable operation of the Company.
2013 marks the tenth anniversary of the listing of the Company. The path of development over the past ten years tells us that in order to achieve development, the Company must always adhere to serving the country s economic and social development, must always adhere to reform and innovation, must always adhere to the principle of customer first , and must always adhere to risk prevention. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to take this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude for the trust and support given by all the shareholders, customers and business partners over the years, and our heartfelt thanks for the contribution and hard work made by the management and all the staff! At present, the Company is stepping into a period of transformation of its development model, as well as a critical period for its reform and development. The Company will engage in comprehensive planning, advance in all dimensions, stimulate innovative vitality and release its potential of development to the maximum extent, and pursue a path of innovative development with China Life s distinct characteristics. With the solid foundation laid in the past decade, unremitting efforts of the management and staff, and steadfast support of the customers and shareholders, it is my belief that the Company will be able to properly deal with changes in the environment, proactively transform the development model, and embark on a sustainable path to create new brilliance! By Order of the Board 
