Chairman s Statement In 2014, the world economic recovery was difficult and the downward pressure on China s economy increased continuously. There was an array of interrelated problems and challenges. Amidst such a complicated business situation accompanied by more fierce competitions in financial and insurance markets, the Company, with scientific planning and reasonable deployment, closely adhered to the business strategy of prioritizing value, stabilizing volume, optimizing structure and expanding sources of profit , solidly promoted the innovation-driven development strategy , actively implemented the development tactics of Five Focuses , which is the focuses on creating more business value, greater sales force, regular premiums, individual life insurance and market in urban areas, persistently overcame difficulties, and achieved a series of encouraging results. Under a great deal of pressures resulting from the intensive termination of renewal premiums, the Company s business volume developed with ensuring stability. Meanwhile, the Company achieved obvious results in structural adjustments by putting more efforts on the development of insurance businesses with mid- and long-term regular premiums, realized a noticeable increase in its new business value by effectively tackling the challenges of market-oriented reform of premium rates, and strongly enhanced the sales force and its productivity by adhering to the strategy of effective expansion . At the critical point of surmounting difficulties on reform, the Company made a breakthrough of the innovation-driven development, realized solid prevention and control of its operation risks and achieved a sound and steady business development in the meanwhile. Suffice it to say that the Company has confidently taken a new step forward on its road of transformation and upgrading.
During the Reporting Period, the Company s total revenue was RMB440,766 million, a 5.5% increase year-on-year; net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB32,211 million, a 30.1% increase year-on-year; earnings per share (basic and diluted) were RMB1.14, a 30.1% increase year-on-year. One-year new business value was RMB23,253 million, a 9.2% increase year-on-year. The Company s market share 2 in 2014 was approximately 26.1%, maintaining a leading position in the life insurance market. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company s total assets reached RMB2,246,567 million, an increase of 13.9% from the end of 2013; embedded value was RMB454,906 million, an increase of 32.9% from 2013. As at 31 December 2014, the Company s solvency ratio was 294.48%.
The Board of Directors of the Company proposes the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.40 per share (inclusive of tax), subject to the shareholders approval at the 2014 Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday, 28 May 2015.
The Company continued to actively undertake its corporate social responsibility. Relying on its competitive advantages in professionalism and business scale, the Company continued to develop policy-oriented businesses including Supplementary Major Medical Insurance for Urban and Township Residents, New Village Cooperative Medical Insurance and New Rural Pension Insurance, as well as Rural Micro-insurance business. In addition, the Company provided insurance coverage for astronauts, aerospace scientists, and over 160,000 college-graduate village officials.
The Company actively participated in public welfare and charitable undertakings. During the Reporting Period, the Company continually donated RMB30 million to the China Life Foundation. It also donated over RMB36 million through the China Life Foundation to relevant organizations to provide support for Wenchuan earthquake orphans, Yushu earthquake orphans and Zhouqu mudslide orphans; to provide funding for the poverty alleviation projects in Yunxi County in Hubei Province, and Tiandeng County and Longzhou County in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region; to provide subsidies for families bereft of their only child; to provide funding for the construction of kidney dialysis clinics in grass-root hospitals in some rural areas in Liaoning Province; to provide funding for equipping rural hospitals in southern Ningxia mountainous area with ambulances and color type-B ultrasonic medical devices; and to offer the screening of two types of cancers and the protection of serious diseases for women in poverty-stricken areas.
The year 2015 marks the in-depth and thorough implementation of Opinions on Promoting the Development of the Modern Insurance Service Industry (hereinafter referred to as the New Ten Rules ), and the final phase of China s 12th Five-Year Plan. Under the new normal state of China s economic growth, the insurance industry will enter into a new period characterized by leaping development, big challenges, major adjustments and great differentiations . The industry s social status is expected to be further elevated, the market further expanded, the pace of innovation further accelerated, and the development environment further optimized. The Company will seek to speed up its business development, make breakthroughs in the Five Focuses and overcome bottleneck problems by adhering to the working guidelines of capturing opportunities, acting proactively, advancing prudently and developing innovatively and firmly implementing the operation ideas of emphasizing value, strengthening sales force, optimizing structure and achieving stable growth , to strive to strengthen the Company s sustainable development capacity and core competitiveness, and to embark on a new march of transformation and upgrading.
The Company will aim to maintain its leading position in the market by striving for a stable growth, and to increase the new business value by deeply advancing the structural adjustment. With the exclusive individual agents as the main channel, the Company will further accelerate the development of insurance businesses with mid- and long-term regular premiums, improve the group insurance channel business and its benefit contribution, accelerate the development of bancassurance businesses with regular premiums and push forward transformation of the bancassurance channel, actively enhance the construction and development of new sales channels such as tele-sales, online sales and direct sales over the counter. Meanwhile, the Company will continue to make strategic investment in the construction of the sales teams, promote the transformation and upgrading of the traditional sales teams, and build up, from a high starting point, a new type of comprehensive individual agent team which includes among others, new types of Service & Up-selling teams and new types of insurance planners. While reinforcing and improving its competitive advantages in county-level markets, the Company will take more proactive and effective measures to further accelerate its business development in some key cities. Integration and interaction in resources and channels will be realized for the Company to reduce the barrier among insurance businesses with different promotion channels. The Company will further implement the innovation-driven development strategy in putting more efforts in product innovation and establishing an efficient research and development mechanism to satisfy customers diversified demands for insurance. To realize a higher level of operation management and a better customer experience, the Company will establish the Rui Operation mode with multiple service contacts at the front end, combined with shared operations at the provincial level and intelligent operations in the headquarter and construct a comprehensive business processing system. Finally, the Company will operate strictly in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and take strict precautions against key risks to realize a sound and sustainable development.
The New Ten Rules brings another new era for the development of the insurance industry, according to which, the development of the insurance industry has been promoted from the industry s will to the state s will, and the Company will take full advantages of such policy-oriented opportunities and proactively gain the initiatives in the industry s new round of development. The Company will continue to strengthen its cooperation with the government, accelerate the development of policy-oriented businesses including Supplementary Major Medical Insurance for Urban and Township Residents and New Village Cooperative Medical Insurance, and reinforce its leading position in the industry.
Furthermore, the Company will actively follow up with the implementation process of individual income tax deferred commercial pension policy and design insurance products accordingly, to seize market opportunities. Meanwhile, the Company will further expand the pension and health insurance product lines, accelerate the development of commercial pension and health business and promote professional management of health insurance, as well as actively explore the interaction between commercial businesses and policy-oriented businesses.
In such a new situation with new opportunities and new challenges, all of us in China Life will strengthen our confidence, ride on the momentum, seize every opportunity to boost development, work together to make breakthroughs, continuously push forward corporate transformation and upgrading and improve the Company s capacity for sustainable development and core competences. By consistently following the corporate culture of Success for you, by you , the Company will aim to provide all customers with higher qualified services and create greater value for all the shareholders, and relentlessly strive to achieve a new success for China Life.
By Order of the Board 
