Chairman s Statement 2013 was an extraordinary year. The world economy recovery experienced difficulties, and the Chinese economy faced increased difficulties and challenges. The insurance industry, in particular the life insurance industry, has entered a stage of relatively mild growth. Under this very complicated business situation, all employees of the Company have contributed to accomplishing our major goals of the year satisfactorily by closely working together and tackling difficulties in light of the cornerstone of making steady progress , achieved preliminary results in terms of innovation in all fields and continually enhanced the Company s development momentum by conscientiously implementing the innovation-driven development strategy , prospectively taken advantage of market changes and trends, and steadily improved the investment yield by positively adjusting asset allocation strategy and optimizing asset allocation structure, ensured stability for the development of the Company through active prevention and mitigation of various risks and maintained the healthy and steady growth of business.
During the Reporting Period, the Company s total revenue was RMB417,883 million, an increase of 12.5% from 2012; net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB24,765 million, an increase of 123.9% from 2012; earnings per share (basic and diluted) were RMB0.88, an increase of 123.9% from 2012; and one-year new business value was RMB21,300 million, an increase of 2.2% from 2012. The Company s market share 2 in 2013 was approximately 30.4%, maintaining the leading position in life insurance market. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company s total assets reached RMB1,972,941 million, an increase of 3.9% from the end of 2012. The Company s embedded value was RMB342,224 million, an increase of 1.4% from 2012. As at 31 December 2013, the Company s solvency ratio was 226.22%.
The Board of Directors of the Company proposes the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.30 per share (inclusive of tax), subject to the shareholders approval at the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday, 29 May 2014.
In June 2013, the Company completed the procedures for the change of the Board Secretary. Ms. Liu Yingqi resigned as the Board Secretary due to work adjustment, and has been superseded by Mr. Zheng Yong. During her tenure as the Board Secretary, Ms. Liu Yingqi worked diligently and thoroughly fulfilled her duties and obligations, and made substantial and outstanding achievements in the promotion of the development of corporate governance, regularization of the operation of the Board of Directors, enhancement of information disclosure standards, and the strengthening of the management of investor relations. The Board of Directors would like to express its gratitude to Ms. Liu Yingqi for her significant contributions.
During the Reporting Period, the total amount of insurance benefits and claims paid by the Company reached RMB138,710 million, which further highlighted the Company s role in providing economic compensation and insurance protection to the society. While fulfilling its obligations under insurance policies, the Company continued to actively maintain its devotion to corporate social responsibility. Relying on its competitive advantages in professionalism and business scale, the Company continued to develop policy businesses including New Village Cooperative Medical Insurance, New Rural Pension Insurance, Basic Medical Insurance Program for Urban and Township Residents, Rural Medical Assistance Insurance, as well as Rural Micro-insurance business. The Company has won the bid for 76 projects of Supplementary Major Medical Insurance Business for Urban and Rural Residents (the Supplementary Major Medical Insurance Business ) in provinces and cities such as Liaoning and Jilin. In addition, the Company provided insurance coverage for the astronauts of Shenzhou-10 and over 200,000 college-graduate village officials. The Company actively participated in public welfare and charitable undertakings. During the Reporting Period, the Company donated RMB10 million through the China Life Foundation to Sichuan Charity Federation to provide funding for reconstruction in the aftermath of Ya an earthquake, and continued to provide support for Wenchuan earthquake orphans, Yushu earthquake orphans and Zhouqu mudslide orphans through the China Life Foundation, embarked on the charity event of Relay for Love, Sailing for Dream Dreams of Earthquake Orphans Come True , and organized the fifth session of the China Life Summer Camp to provide orphans from these disaster-stricken areas with long-term, continuous physical help and emotional support. The Company donated nearly RMB20 million to relevant foundations to provide subsidies for families bereft of their only child and particularly poor police families, for students and teachers in less developed regions, and to provide relief to poverty-stricken patients with serious diseases. The Company also donated over RMB3 million to severely flood stricken regions such as Liaoning and Heilongjiang provinces for flood fighting and disaster 
2014 is an important year for advancing the innovation-driven development strategy , and also a critical year for fully implementing the Twelfth Five-Year Plan . Recovery of the world economy is instable and uncertain, and the Chinese economy faces increased difficulties and challenges. With the continued expansion of China s marketization reforms, the competition landscape in the financial industry is changing significantly, and as the marketization process of the insurance industry accelerates, market competition and risk factors are increasingly complex. The Company will adhere to the cornerstone of making steady progress , implementing innovation-driven development strategy , continually carrying out reform and innovation, striving to promote transformation and upgrade, and further reinforcing the Company s sustainability. After having maintained a basically stable business size, the Company will put great efforts in enhancing first-year regular premium businesses, actively developing short-term insurance businesses and improving business value; strengthening innovation in products, services, technology, systems and mechanisms and other key areas, enhancing construction of sales teams, and further optimizing its operation and management system, thus continuously enhancing its vitality. The Company will actively perform social responsibilities, and expand the policy- based commercial insurance businesses. Furthermore, the Company will solidly enhance risk prevention and improve risk management in order to ensure its robust development.
2013 marks the tenth anniversary of the listing of the Company. In the past ten years, we have implemented reforms, made innovations, and built up a modern enterprise system. We actively explored and pursued a life insurance development path with our own features. We strived to open up and greatly reinforced the Company s development capabilities. Being people-oriented, we embarked on building a reliable team. We have made every effort to comprehensively upgrade the operation management system. Constantly seeking innovation, we established a modern information system. Being aggressive and productive, we significantly improved customer services. After enhancing controls, the Company effectively prevented operational risks. We are never reluctant to take responsibilities and the Company s social influences are continually enhanced. In the next ten years, we will firmly seize strategic opportunities, carry forward our pioneering spirit, deepen reform and innovation, push forward transformation and upgrade, and deliver another brilliant decade as we continue toward our goal of being the strongest company we can be.
In the past decade, we encountered trials and hardships, but we never compromised. In the past ten years since the listing of the Company, all employees have been working together with complete dedication and making innovations to the best extent, which has helped China Life grow into an insurer with significant influences both at home and abroad.
Today, as the Company is at a critical period of striving for transformation, upgrade and innovation and all of us at China Life continue to consistently work together with confidence to tackle difficulties without hesitation, and to take the opportunity of the 10th anniversary of the listing to realize our new ambitions in our continued efforts and make new achievements in our pursuit of development and excellence.
By Order of the Board 
