Chairman’s Statement
2016 Overview: Growth, Development and Breakthrough
The year 2016 marked the beginning of the “13th Five-Year Plan” and was also a year in which the Company achieved
fruitful results with pioneering spirit. Specifically, we achieved good results, emphasizing on the protection function
of insurance, adhering to the operating guideline of “prioritizing value, strengthening sales force, optimizing business
structure, achieving stable growth and safeguarding against risks”, and actively promoted supply-side reform. We
achieved an incredible result not only in the history of the Company but also in the history of the industry.
New records for business development. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s gross written premiums were
RMB430,498 million, an increase of 18.3% year-on-year, the highest growth since 2009, making the Company the first
and the sole insurance company with premiums exceeding RMB400,000 million in China. First-year regular premiums
were RMB93,945 million, an increase of 51.8% year-on-year, and first-year regular premiums with ten years or longer
payment duration were RMB51,378 million, an increase of 59.0% year-on-year, both indicators setting record highs.
Premiums from short-term insurance were RMB40,060 million, an increase of 23.7% year-on-year. Renewal premiums
were RMB223,502 million, exceeding RMB200,000 million for the first time, realizing an increase of 16.6% year-onyear,
and setting a record high since 2012.
Great breakthrough in business restructuring. The Company continued reducing its single premium business in the
bancassurance channel and focused on accelerating the growth of first-year regular premium business. First-year regular
premiums and first-year regular premiums with ten years or longer payment duration doubled over the past two years. 
The percentage of first-year regular premiums in long-term new policy premiums was 56.28%, an increase of 12.06
percentage points year-on-year. The first-year regular premiums surpassed single premiums for the first time since
the listing of the Company. Of these, the percentage of first-year regular premiums with ten years or longer payment
duration in first-year regular premiums was 54.69%, an increase of 2.49 percentage points year-on-year. Along with the
high growth of the businesses, the premium payment duration was also lengthened, resulting in the initial establishment
of a sustainable development model with first-year premiums driven by first-year regular premiums and gross written
premiums driven by renewal businesses. Meanwhile, the Company pushed forward the product diversification strategy,
promoted product innovation, put more efforts into developing protection type businesses, and continually optimized
the business structure. The value of one year’s sales was RMB49,311 million, an increase of 56.4% year-on-year, with
the value doubled over the past two years.
New enhancement in competitiveness. “No matter how long and difficult the road is, one can reach the destination
with steady walks.” Being market-oriented, centering around the development of individual insurance as the guideline
and pushing forward the three core strategies of developing individual business, focusing on large-and medium-sized
cities and reinforcing rural business development with concerted efforts, the Company was committed to improving
sustainable development capability and the competitiveness in key markets. With a leading market share in terms of
gross written premiums, the Company also took the lead in terms of first-year regular premiums and sales force in the
exclusive agent channel whose core role has been brought into full play. Competitive landscape in large- and mediumsized
cities has continued to improve and first-mover advantage in rural market has been further reinforced. As at the
end of the Reporting Period, the total number of sales force across all channels was 1.814 million, an increase of 57.1%
year-on-year. The number of productive agents grew significantly, and remarkable achievements have been made in the
size expansion and quality improvement of the sales force.
New progress in reform and innovation. Being customer-oriented and accelerating the construction of a “New
Generation of Integrated Business Processing System”, the Company started its business process reengineering,
constructed a new business mode and technological infrastructure, and launched two platforms of “China Life E-Store”
and “China Life E-Bao Mobile Customer Services System”, as well as more than twenty new applications, through which
customer experience and operational efficiency have been significantly improved, and as a result, the Company has taken
a solid step in the transformation to an Internet-based operation and management mode. In addition, the Company built
a motivating platform for innovation, and established four operation and management innovation pilot zones where
the atmosphere of reform and innovation was strong and the fruitful results generated by innovation were gradually
emerging.
New stride in comprehensive strength. As at the end of the Reporting Period, total assets of the Company amounted to
RMB2.70 trillion, an increase of 10.2% year-on-year, remaining at the first place in the industry, and investment assets
amounted to RMB2.45 trillion, an increase of 7.2% year-on-year. Core solvency ratio and comprehensive solvency ratio
of the Company reached 280.34% and 297.16%, respectively. The Company achieved an industry-leading score in the
“Solvency Aligned Risk Management Requirements and Assessment” (“SARMRA”) conducted by the CIRC. In order
to accommodate new situations of economic and financial development and meet comprehensive needs of customers,
the Company successfully increased its stakes in China Guangfa Bank Co., Ltd. (“CGB”), and a concerted action plan
between CGB and the Company was initiated, under which insurance products sold by CGB business outlets grew
rapidly and preliminary synergy effects from insurance-banking collaboration have been emerging.
Retrospective Review: Seizing opportunities, Sticking to the inherent
rules, and Harmonizing with the stakeholders
In 2016, at the 20th anniversary of the separated operation of life insurance business and the overall adoption of the
individual agent system, the Company has achieved outstanding results in leap-frog development of its business and a
historic breakthrough in business restructuring. What the Company has achieved in 2016 is the result of advancement
with great endeavor and accumulated hard work for many years. Extensive experience in Chinese insurance market tells
us that fulfilling the essence of the insurance industry requires persistence, and the new era of reform needs enthusiasm
and innovation.
Seizing opportunities. “A flexible person with good knowledge can win, and a creative person with integrity can make
progress.” Reform and opening-up over three decades has brought profound changes to China’s economy and society,
and the consistent improvement of the market economy has laid an institutional foundation for the insurance industry.
In particular, since the issuance of the “Several Opinions of the State Council on Accelerating the Development of the
Modern Insurance Service” in 2014, developing the commercial insurance industry has become a national commitment.
Seizing the opportunities and adhering to the guideline of “development as the first priority”, the Company was
committed to continuous growth of the value of our business and the upgrade of insurance supply so as to meet the
increasing insurance demands of customers. Adapting to changes in the demographic structure, changes in the ways of
care for senior citizens, new requirements for social security, and healthcare system reforms, the Company implemented
the strategy of “Integrated Pension and Inclusive Healthcare Service”. Specifically, the Company undertook more than
250 supplementary major medical insurance projects, providing services for 420 million people; carried out innovative
smart pension services by establishing senior living communities in places such as Beijing, Suzhou, Tianjin, and Sanya;
and creating a healthcare and pension service sub-brand called “China Life Senior Living Homes”, forming a strategic
layout of the senior living communities featuring “Three Points in a Line and Evergreen in Four Seasons”; and the
Company sped up its presence in the healthcare and medicare industry and extended the healthcare industry chain.
Firmly following the anti-poverty strategy of the state, the Company advanced the mode of poverty alleviation by means
of insurance in Ningxia, Gansu and Chongqing and developed inclusive businesses such as micro-insurance to achieve
a unification between economic and social benefits. With the help of the national “Internet+” initiative, the Company
deeply integrated IT innovation results and life insurance business, advancing the construction of “High-tech China
Life” and firmly facilitating reform and innovation throughout the Company.
Sticking to the inherent rules. “For anything to succeed, it requires thorough consideration and then forceful
execution.” As a leader in the industry, the Company’s development echoed the path of life insurance industry in China
towards “an insurance superpower” in the world. Just as the leap-frog development of the Chinese insurance industry
has not always been smooth, China Life’s development is full of obstacles. In many years of our professional operation,
we learned by doing and did by learning, increasingly realizing the significance of “knowing the rules, following the
rules and practicing the rules”, which is the greatest advantage of an insurance operation. Adhering to the philosophy
of “prudent operation and credible service”, we controlled the cost of liabilities to a reasonable level and realized
an interactive linkage between assets and liabilities; sticking to the development plan of focusing on value, regular
premiums, individual insurance, sales force and urban areas and taking value as the guide, we coordinated the relations
among shareholders, employees, sales force and customers; we put great efforts into developing long- and medium-term
regular businesses and protection type products, optimizing business structure and reinforcing sustainable development;
we followed a route of business growth driven by development of sales force, including both its size expansion and
quality improvement, and continually expanded our business coverage and the rate of market penetration. While
persisting in our constant recurring rules, we realized “change is the only constant”, such that we took “innovation
driven” as the general strategy and have been actively building the Company to be an innovative enterprise. We need
to achieve accelerated growth while building a firm foundation, and look for opportunities and momentum while
embracing the changes.
Harmonizing with the stakeholders. “Victory is ensured when people pool their strength; success is secured when people
pour their talents together.” We valued customer interests, offered solutions based on customer needs, and cultivated
new customers while maintaining existing customers so that customer resources became the value engine for corporate
development. We listened to the opinions of investors, and communicated with investors in all respects, and in addition
to ensuring that shareholders shared in the growth of the Company, we also actively included opinions of investors into
the Board’s decision making process. Knowing the truth that “prosperity of a business is driven by people”, we listened
to employees and agents, improved the talent development system, advanced the China Life “entrepreneur” project,
and built platforms for employees’ and agents’ career development, thus steadily increasing the income of the sales force
and enhancing the organic driving force. Consciously contributing to the economy and society and actively engaging in
public welfare undertakings, we are an excellent corporate citizen. With the expectations of the Company’s stakeholders
being generally satisfied and stronger senses of achievement being fulfilled by employees and agents, the corporate
culture of “success for you, success by you” could be further promoted.
2017 Outlook: Stability, Transformation and Development
“With a new year coming, spring is back on the earth”. The year 2017 is a year of deepening the supply-side structural
reform and also an important year to make China Life stronger and better. Based on a comprehensive analysis of
domestic and international situations, the global economy is expected to continue its slow growth, and instability and
uncertainty are significantly increasing. China is in a critical stage of overcoming obstacles, with its economy facing
downside pressure and challenges. Despite all these problems accompanying advancement and development, the
fundamental trend of a slower but stable performance with good momentum for economic growth in China remains
unchanged, and golden opportunities for the development of the insurance industry still exist. Especially, with more
stringent regulations and requirements set by the CIRC and the advancement of the industry’s transformation, more
opportunities arise for a value-oriented and prudent company like China Life.
Standing at a new starting point, we will stick to the general keynote of “making steady progress”, focusing on “stability”
of the Company’s strategies and operations, and seeking “progress” in transformation and innovation. The Company
will stick to the guideline of supply-side reform, strictly follow the right direction, and advance the three critical tasks
of accelerated growth, transformation and upgrade, and risk prevention and control to improve the level of supply.
We will accelerate our transformation to an operation and management mode which is customer-oriented, featured by
Internet and artificial intelligence, so as to substantially improve customer experience and make China Life the first
choice for customers. We will establish a professional and systematic sales channel management system, fully promote
the sales transformation, and further improve the quality and efficiency of development; adhere to the value-oriented
principle, serve the overall interests of the country, enhance our investment capabilities, and do our best to raise profit
while effectively preventing investment risks; strengthen the management of assets and liabilities, push forward the
diversification of products, increase our efforts in developing the protection type businesses, and gradually promote the
diversification of the Company’s profit sources. Meanwhile, we will thoroughly implement a cross-channel operation as
well as insurance-banking collaboration, promote the integration of resources in a deeper and more diverse direction,
and fully exploit the development potential. In the meantime, we will also implement the strategy of innovation driven
development with great efforts, deepen the market-oriented reform, take advantage of our strengths, and continually
enhance the Company’s development momentum.
The times offer China Life a historic opportunity to develop and prosper, and a noble mission to serve the society. We
will put ourselves in customers’ position, uphold virtues and improve ourselves day after day to achieve perfection.
By Order of the Board
Yang Mingsheng
Chairman
Beijing, China
23 March 2017