Chairman s Statement In 2015, faced with the complicated international environment and the challenging tasks of carrying out reform and development and maintaining stability at home, China experienced stable economic development as a whole together with progress being achieved and stability ensured, which provided a favorable environment for the sound and fast development of insurance industry. In this year, the Company proactively adapted to the new normal state of economic development by firmly adhering to the operation ideas of emphasizing value, strengthening sales force, optimizing structure and achieving stable growth , implementing the innovation-driven development strategy in great depth, capturing opportunities, responding calmly and confidently, staying realistic and pragmatic and forging ahead with determination, and thus achieved the best operation results since the 12th Five-Year Plan . The Company achieved new heights in its business development, with the growth rate of first-year regular premiums achieving a new high record since the share restructuring and listing of the Company, and the growth rates of both gross written premiums and first-year regular premiums with 10 years or longer payment duration being the highest over the past seven years. The Company s efficiency was continuously improved due to structure optimization, with the one-year new business value hitting a record high. The Company s sales force reached a new high level with its number surpassing one million for the first time in the Company s history. The Company s development achieved the balance between speed and efficiency, size and structure, and short-term and long-term operation, bringing a successful close to the Company s 12th 
During the Reporting Period, the Company s total revenue was RMB507,449 million, a 15.1% increase year-on- year; net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB34,699 million, a 7.7% increase year-on-year; earnings per share (basic and diluted) were RMB1.22, a 7.1% increase year-on-year. One-year new business value was RMB31,528 million, a 35.6% increase year-on-year. The Company s market share 2 in 2015 was approximately 23.0%, maintaining a leading position in the life insurance market. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company s total assets reached RMB2,448,315 million, an increase of 9.0% from the end of 2014; embedded value was RMB560,277 million, an increase of 23.2% from 2014. As at 31 December 2015, the Company s solvency ratio was 330.10%.
The Board of Directors of the Company proposes the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.42 per share (inclusive of tax), subject to the shareholders approval at the 2015 Annual General Meeting to be held on Monday, 30 May 2016.
The Company has continually improved its corporate governance. During the Reporting Period, the Company successfully completed the change of sessions of the Board of Directors and the Supervisory Committee and elected the fifth sessions of the Board of Directors and the Supervisory Committee. Mr. Xu Hengping, Mr. Xu Haifeng, Mr. Liu Jiade, Mr. Robinson Drake Pike and Mr. Tang Xin joined the new session of the Board of Directors, and Mr. Miao Ping, Mr. Zhan Zhong and Ms. Wang Cuifei joined the new session of the Supervisory Committee. The new sessions of the Board of Directors and the Supervisory Committee continue to play roles of decision-making and supervision in a variety of areas, such as strategic planning, risk management, internal control and compliance, and performance appraisal, etc. Meanwhile, the Company would like to express its gratitude to the resignedretired Directors, Mr. Su Hengxuan, Mr. Miao Ping, Mr. Bruce Douglas Moore and Mr. Huang Yiping, and the retired Supervisors, Ms. Xia Zhihua, Ms. Yang Cuilian and Mr. Li Xuejun for their contributions to the development of the Company during their 
The Company actively pushed forward the development of policy-oriented businesses. Relying on its competitive advantages in professionalism and business scale, the Company continued to develop policy-oriented businesses including Supplementary Major Medical Insurance for Urban and Township Residents, New Village Cooperative Medical Insurance and New Rural Pension Insurance. The Company s inclusive businesses such as micro-insurance business realized nationwide coverage, and the insurance products designed for particular population groups such as senior citizens benefited over 10 million people. In addition, the Company provided insurance coverage for over 120,000 college-graduate village officials, and actively offered a career development platform for college-graduate village officials, with the number of the retired college-graduate village officials introduced to the Company s local branches amounting to over 1,000. The Company was constantly committed to the participation of public welfare and charitable undertakings. During the Reporting Period, the Company donated over RMB36 million through the China Life Foundation to provide support for several poverty alleviation projects and purchasing of medical vehicles in poverty- stricken areas. The Company also continually provided assistance for orphans from major disasters.
During the period of 12th Five-Year Plan , although the Company was confronted with the most complicated situation and the most challenges, it managed to overcome the difficulties and made progress in adjustment and transformation, laying a solid foundation for building a world-class life insurance company. The past five years helped us better recognize that the golden keys for opening up a new dimension of the Company s development were accelerating development by adhering to market orientation, optimizing structure by adhering to value guidance, improving service quality by emphasizing customer experience, enhancing information technology level by equipping the Company with high technologies, and strengthening local branches by building strong basis and solid foundation.
The year 2016 is the beginning of the 13th Five-Year Plan and also a critical year for the Company to comprehensively deepen the reforms and push forward the innovation-driven development strategy in great depth. Facing new challenges and development opportunities, the Company will concentrate efforts and resources, reinforce execution in accordance with the general requirements of the 13th Five-Year Plan , and strive to create a good beginning for its development during the 13th Five-Year Plan period. The Company will seek to accelerate the development of core businesses, push forward sales transformation, boost the development of comprehensive sales and interactive businesses, and actively expand policy-oriented businesses. The exclusive individual agent channel will focus on developing businesses of regular premiums with 10 years or longer payment duration as well as the distributed short-term insurance businesses. The group insurance channel will seek to maintain its current profitability while further expanding its business scale and improving the profits. The bancassurance channel will make more efforts in transformation and development of regular premium businesses with long payment duration, good value and high quality. Meanwhile, the development of new business channels will be enhanced by adhering to the combination of online and offline sales, integration of online, tele and mobile sales, and the direct sales over the counter will be continually promoted. The Company will continue to make strategic investment in the development of its sales force with an aim to improve the quantity and quality of the sales team and enhance the hard power. While reinforcing and improving its competitive advantages in county-level markets, the Company will further accelerate its business development in key cities, thus firmly maintaining its leading position in the market. As to the Company s investment level, we will focus on enhancing the investment capabilities, improving the asset allocation management system and investment management framework, and optimizing the asset allocation structure, so as to improve the level of investment income. The Company will further implement the innovation-driven development strategy , actively facilitate innovation in various fields, and push forward the construction of a new generation comprehensive business processing system with great efforts. By deepening its reforming progress, the Company will continue to enhance its development momentum. Moreover, the Company will be in full compliance with the requirements of China Risk Oriented Solvency System (C-ROSS), improve its effectiveness in risk control, strictly stick to the risk bottom line and steadily push forward the healthy and rapid development of the Company.
In retrospect, the development experiences accumulated during the 12th Five-Year Plan period are valuable; looking forward, the 13th Five-Year Plan period will present important opportunities for the Company to accelerate its development. The Company will stick to the general strategy of innovation-driven development and the main theme of transformation and upgrading, follow the operation ideas of emphasizing value, strengthening sales force, optimizing structure, achieving stable growth and guarding against risks , strengthen benchmarking practice and focus on making breakthroughs. The Company will also put more efforts in accelerating business development, transforming business model, deepening reforms and laying strong basis and solid foundation, so as to enable everyone to enjoy the high- quality services provided by the Company, to create greater value for investors, and to strive for building a world-class life insurance company.
By Order of the Board 
