Chairman s Statement To proactively explore a distinct development path with China Life characteristics, which will steadily lead the Company to the goal of being a fi rst-class international life insurance company.
The year 2009 was the most difficult year for economic development in China after embarking on the century. The deep recession of the global economy at the beginning of the year substantially impacted on the Chinese economy.
With timely stimulus measures implemented by the Chinese government, the Chinese economy became one of the first to recover. Facing complex and volatile external operating environment, the Company adhered to the guidelines laid down by the scientific concept of development and the overall strategy of seeking stable growth, improving profitability through business restructuring, deepening reforms and strengthening internal control . The Company strived to turn challenges into opportunities, overcame various difficulties, and achieved stable and healthy business development.
In accordance with the regulations of the Company s onshore and offshore listed jurisdictions, starting from the Reporting Period, accounting policy changes were made to the Company s onshore financial report, and the International Financial Reporting Standards were adopted for its offshore financial report. During the Reporting Period, the Company s total revenues reached RMB339,290 million, up 13.0% year-on-year. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was RMB32,881 million, up 71.8% year-on-year, and earnings per share (basic and diluted) were RMB1.16. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company s total assets reached RMB1,226,257 million, up 24.2% from 2008. The Company s embedded value was RMB285,229 million, up 18.8% from 2008. The Company s market share 3 in 2009 was approximately 36.2%, maintaining its leading position in the life insurance market of China.
The Board of Directors of the Company recommended the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.70 per share. This will come into effect after shareholders approval at the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday, 4 June 2010.
The Company was named in Forbes Global 2000 for the sixth consecutive year, ranking No. 72. China Life was named in Fortune Global 500 for the seventh consecutive year, ranking No. 133. The China Life brand was named in the World Brand Lab s The World s 500 Most Influential Brands for the third consecutive year. The Company s comprehensive strength and brand value have been enhanced.
REVIEW OF 2009 The Company strived to seek growth while maintaining steady and healthy business performance. It focused on adjusting its business structure to enhance business profitability and achieved significant progress. For the Reporting Period, the Company s net premiums earned reached RMB275,077 million, up 3.7% year-on-year. The percentage of first-year regular premiums in first-year long-term premiums increased to 25.42% in 2009 from 21.39% in 2008, and the percentage of first-year regular premiums with payment duration of 10 years or longer increased from 38.32% of first-year regular premiums to 49.71%. The percentage of accident insurance premiums in short-term insurance premiums increased to 50.31% in 2009 from 47.19% in 2008. Renewal premiums became a stronger driver for growth, with renewal premiums growing by 21.3% when compared to 2008, and the proportion of renewal premiums in gross written premiums increased to 38.20% in 2009 from 32.72% in 2008. The new business value increased significantly to RMB17,713 million, up 27.2% from 2008. Underwriting quality of the Company was further enhanced, with the Policy Persistency Rate (14 months and 26 months) 4 reaching 93.66% and 87.44%, respectively.
In order to effectively respond to the changes in the capital markets, the Company adopted a proactive and prudent investment strategy with an optimized investment portfolio and a properly adjusted investment structure. The Company reduced its scale of investment in bonds and increased the proportion of equity investments, which helped the Company achieve satisfactory investment results. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company s investment assets reached RMB1,172,145 million, up 25.0% from 2008. The proportion of debt securities decreased from 61.43% in 2008 to 49.68% in 2009, while the proportion of equity securities increased from 8.01% to 15.31%. For the Reporting Period, the Company s gross investment yield was 5.78%. Moreover, the Company seized strategic investment opportunities in the capital markets through its successful bid for the China Construction Bank s H shares sold by Bank of America, and its investments in Sino-Ocean Land Holdings Limited and the Bank of Hangzhou.
The Company strengthened the centralized management at a provincial level of its exclusive individual agent channel, which effectively enhanced management efficiency and resulted in significant improvements in key performance indicators such as per agent productivity for first year regular premiums with payment duration of 10 years or longer. The group insurance channel intensified its efforts to expand the business from large accounts and large-scale projects while concentrating on underwriting short-term insurance business, resulting in further strengthening of the Company s market position. The Company focused on improving the operating capability of its bancassurance outlets by changing sales practices and improving sales techniques, and has accomplished significant progress in making structural adjustments and increasing regular premiums from this sales channel. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had approximately 777,000 exclusive agents, an increase of 61,000 from 2008, and 12,700 direct sales representatives. The number of intermediary bancassurance outlets reached 97,000, with 28,000 client service managers and 14,000 financial advisors.
The Company consolidated its insurance application forms and documents to further streamline the application procedures. It also standardised customer service center services and launched self-service systems. These measures substantially enhanced its business processing efficiency. The Company further highlighted the value of its China Life 1+N service by leveraging on the China Life Crane Card platform and a series of Joint Hands activities, achieving breakthroughs in customer service, sales promotion, and the Company s overall operating capabilities. The Company has also made progress in the construction of its Beijing Research and Development Centre and its Shanghai Data Centre, optimizing the research and development system and the operation supporting system and strengthening the role of information technology in business management.
In order to further enhance its risk management and internal control procedures, the Company has established and implemented the Risk Alert System and Hierarchy Management Rules , enhancing its supervision, evaluation and management of major risks. These measures helped the Company to perfect its comprehensive risk management system.
The Company has completed the strategic layout of six regional audit centers (including Beijing), to further implement off-site auditing and special-purpose auditing on the Company s key operation and management issues such as the execution capabilities and internal control rectifications. The Company continued to host Integrity Comes First activities, and named 16 September as its 9" 16 Integrity and Compliance Day . It also launched credit assessments on its exclusive individual agents, innovated the method for monitoring sales risks, and established the sales risk monitoring 
In 2009, the Company successfully completed the election of a new session of the Board of Directors and the Supervisory Committee, and the third sessions of the Board of Directors and the Supervisory Committee were formed.
Mr. Sun Changji and Mr. Bruce Douglas Moore have joined the new session of the Board of Directors, and Mr. Shi Xiangming and Mr. Wang Xu have joined the new session of the Supervisory Committee. The Company believes that the new session of the Board of Directors and the Supervisory Committee will continue to play a role in making decisions in relation to and the supervision of the Company s strategic plans, risk management, internal control and compliance as well as performance appraisals. Meanwhile, the Company expresses its heartfelt gratitude for the significant contribution to the Company s development by its former Directors Mr. Long Yongtu, Mr. Chau Tak Hay, Mr. Cai Rang and Mr. Ngai Wai Fung, and the former Supervisors Mr. Wu Weimin and Mr. Qing Ge.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY The Company expanded the geographical coverage of its micro-insurance products to rural areas of 19 provinces and municipalities, and the total number of people covered by these products have reached 8.5 million, creating the so-called Chinese Model of Micro-insurance recognized by the insurance industry worldwide. The New Village Cooperative Medical Insurance Scheme has been expanded to 17 provinces and municipalities, and the Basic Medical Insurance Program for urban and township residents has been launched in 9 provinces and municipalities, covering altogether 29 million residents. The Company has also proactively participated in the pilot project of the new rural pension insurance to improve the pension coverage for rural residents. The Company donated funds to construct 15 China Life Fraternity Schools in earthquake-stricken areas, including Sichuan, Gansu, Shaanxi and Chongqing. The Company has held a series of activities under the China Life Earthquake-stricken Orphan Support Plan , including the scheme for one-on-one assistance of orphans by China Life staff, and the hosting of the China Life Summer Camp . Through the China Life Charity Foundation, the Company also donated RMB10 million to the Taiwan Region, which was seriously stricken by 
The Company will be confronted with a complicated business environment in 2010. Although the macro economic and financial environment has been recovering, economic operations have not improved on a fundamental level. With the increased flexibility in the macro-economic control policies, the existence of inflation expectations and intensifying competition in the market, the Company will continue to experience pressure in terms of business development and asset management. The implementation of new Insurance Law and related regulations will further regulate market competition and result in healthy development of the insurance industry.
In 2010, the Company will continue to follow the development strategy of the Four Insistences to enhance its sustainable development capabilities and solidify its market leading position. Furthermore, the Company will continue to implement its proactive competition strategy, and promote business infrastructural build-up as an important step to change the mode of and strengthen the foundation for business development. The Company will actively seize upon investment opportunities by optimizing asset allocation and flexibly adjusting its investment strategies to enhance investment return. The Company will also strengthen risk control and internal management, and effectively control operating costs. By accelerating adjustments in business structure, strengthening business infrastructure, and continually transforming its mode of development, the Company is proactively exploring a distinct development path with China Life characteristics, which will steadily lead the Company to the goal of being a first-class international life insurance 
By order of the Board 
