Chairman s Statement Actively pursue a life insurance development path with China Life s distinct characteristics, and continue to advance with the goal of establishing a fi rst-class international life insurance company.
In 2010, the Company adhered to the scientific concept of development and the overall strategy of accelerating adjustments in business structure, strengthening basic infrastructure, continuously promoting the transformation of the mode of development . The Company strived to turn challenges into opportunities, successfully overcame various obstacles, achieved steady growth in business and ongoing structural optimization, intensified management and internal control, improved profitability and continued to advance with the goal of establishing a first-class international life 
During the Reporting Period, the Company s total revenues reached RMB385,838 million, increased by 13.7% from 2009. Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB33,626 million, increased by 2.3% from 2009, and earnings per share (basic and diluted) were RMB1.19. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company s total assets reached RMB1,410,579 million, increased by 15.0% from 2009. The Company s embedded value was RMB298,099 million, increased by 4.5% from 2009. The Company s net premiums earned reached RMB318,088 million, maintaining its leading position in the life insurance market of China.
The Board of Directors of the Company recommended the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.40 per share. This will come into effect after shareholders approval at the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday, 3 June 2011.
In 2010, the Company was named in Forbes Global 2000 , ranking No. 90, named in Global 500 by the Financial Times, ranking No. 41 among all the named enterprises and ranking No. 7 among all the named Chinese enterprises, and also named in The Most Profitable 100 in Asia by the FinanceAsia, ranking No. 1 of all the named insurance companies. China Life Insurance (Group) Company, of which the Company is a core member, was named in Fortune Global 500 , ranking No. 118.
REVIEW OF 2010 Facing complex and volatile business trends and increasingly fierce market competition, the Company was persistent in maintaining development as its first priority, closely monitored the trends in life insurance market, and, while premiums in the industry increased rapidly, maintained firmly a leading position in the market through strengthening business development and accelerating the growth of regular premium business through both the exclusive individual agent channel and the bancassurance channel. While maintaining a steady and rapid growth in its business scale, the Company achieved significant positive results in making business structure adjustment and the percentage of renewal premiums continued to increase. For the Reporting Period, the Company s net premiums earned reached RMB318,088 million, increased by 15.6% from 2009; first-year premiums increased by 12.0% from 2009, first-year regular premiums increased by 31.3% from 2009; renewal premiums increased by 21.4% from 2009; the percentage of first-year regular premiums in first-year premiums increased to 29.76% in 2010 from 25.38% in 2009; the percentage of accident insurance premiums in short-term insurance premiums increased to 51.13% in 2010 from 50.31% in 2009; and the percentage of renewal premiums in gross written premiums increased to 40.22% in 2010 from 38.20% in 2009. The new business value increased steadily to RMB19,839 million, increased by 12.0% from 2009. Underwriting quality of the Company was further enhanced, with the Policy Persistency Rate (14 months and 26 months) 2 reaching 93.01% and 87.56%, respectively, and the Surrender Rate 3 was 2.31%, a 0.23 percentage point decrease from 2009.
The Company adopted a proactive and prudent investment strategy, conducted an in-depth research and analysis on market trends, continued to optimize its asset portfolio, grasped market opportunities, actively allocated fixed- income investment products such as floating negotiated deposits, corporate bonds and subordinated debt, and seized opportunities at different stages to flexibly and actively engage in equity investments, so as to obtain preferable investment results. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company s investment assets reached RMB1,336,245 million, increased by 14.0% from 2009; the proportion of debt securities decreased from 49.68% in 2009 to 45.51% in 2010; the proportion of equity securities decreased from 15.31% in 2009 to 14.66% in 2010; and the proportion of term deposits increased from 29.43% in 2009 to 33.05% in 2010. For the Reporting Period, the Company s gross investment yield was 5.11%. Moreover, the Company also seized strategic investment opportunities in the capital markets through its involvement in the strategic placement of the IPO of the Agricultural Bank of China and the placement of additional shares by Guangdong Development Bank, and actively expanded its alternative investment channels such as debt plan investments, so as to set an overall arrangement for the long-term development of its 
With respect to the Company s exclusive individual agent channel, the percentage of medium and long-term duration regular premium business continued to increase steadily, the duration structure of the insurance business became more balanced, its sustainable development capability was further strengthened, and the incentive effect from system building on the development of exclusive agent sales force gradually emerged. With respect to the group insurance channel, the Company was committed to increasing short-term insurance business market share, and intensified its efforts to expand the business from large accounts and large-scale projects and effectively boosted the growth of its collective annuity business. With respect to the bancassurance channel, the Company focused on improving the operating capability of bancassurance outlets, and has accomplished remarkable progress on business structure adjustments, resulting in further solidification of the Company s market leading position. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had approximately 706,000 exclusive agents and 14,200 direct sales representatives. The number of intermediary bancassurance outlets reached 97,000, with 44,000 sales representatives in total.
The Company proactively accelerated the systematic integration of its core business, provided quality basic services for policyholders, and established a company-wide rapid response system to handle major claims and to promptly fulfill its obligations under policy contracts. The Company also fully implemented uniform customer service standards, streamlined the customer notification service and strengthened customer relations management. The call answer rate of the Company s customer service line 95519 reached 93.2%, and the success rate of the return-visit call on new policy through the exclusive individual agent channel improved to 87.7%. In addition, the Company moved forwards with the construction of its research center in Beijing and data center in Shanghai, to further centralize data management nation- wide. The Company s website was named the Best Website for Information Disclosure for a Listed Company .
The Company continued to enhance the construction of its risk management and internal control system, unified its risk control standards and procedures, continued to comply with Section 404 of the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act, integrated risk control measures into day-to-day operation with IT support, initiated credit-ranking management of its sales agents and improved its sales risk monitoring system. The routine audit conducted by the National Audit Office of the PRC was concluded smoothly, and the follow-up rectification work of the Company achieved effective progress. The Company comprehensively completed the strategic development of audit centers in six large regions (including Beijing) and carried out audits on economic liabilities and executions, special audits on operation compliance and supervision over effectiveness. The Company also comprehensively inspected weaknesses and material risks in its internal control, and established a relatively complete internal control and risk management system.

To fully mobilize the functions of the Company s specialized board committees and to strengthen the management over the utilization of insurance funds, the Board of Directors set up a Strategy and Investment Decision Committee on the basis of its Strategy Committee in accordance with relevant regulatory rules by CIRC, which further enhanced the Board s ability to make scientific decisions. Mr. Anthony Francis Neoh joined the third session of the Board to serve as an independent director of the Company, providing professional advices and bringing valuable experiences to the Board s strategic planning and risk management and control matters.

The Company expanded the geographical coverage of its micro-insurance products to rural areas of 24 provinces and municipalities, and the total number of people covered by these products in 2010 has reached 13.8 million. The new rural pension insurance business achieved breakthroughs and the mode of new rural pension insurance was widely praised. The New Village Cooperative Medical Insurance Scheme covered 16 provinces and municipalities. The Basic Medical Insurance Program for Urban and Township Residents has been expanded to 10 provinces and municipalities, covering altogether more than 27 million residents. The Company donated more than RMB2 million to provinces including Jiangxi, Fujian, Jilin, Shaanxi and Hainan in flood relief. Through China Life Foundation, the Company donated RMB11 million to earthquake-stricken regions in Yushu, Qinghai Province, donated RMB1 million to mudslide-stricken regions in Zhouqu, Gansu Province, undertook to provide support for 459 orphans from Yushu and Zhouqu, donated RMB2 million to Yunnan Province and Guizhou Province for drought relief, successfully sponsored a variety of activities such as a photo exhibition for earthquake orphans from Wenchuan and China Life Summer Camp, and donated RMB1 million to China Female Health Care Fund, all of which received high commendations from the 
In 2011, the domestic insurance industry will continue to maintain a positive growth momentum. The implementation of No. 2 Interpretation of Accounting Standard for Business Enterprises will help the industry to expedite the transformation of its mode of development and will enhance its sustainable development capabilities. The implementation of new bancassurance regulatory rules will further enforce sales standards and decrease misrepresentation in sales practices, which will contribute to the long-term healthy development of the bancassurance market. The interest rate rise may help increase the Company s investment yield. Nevertheless, with the strengthening of macro-control, heightened inflation and intensified market competition, business development and asset management of the Company will be affected to a certain extent.
In 2011, the Company will continue to implement its proactive competition strategy, accelerate the growth of its medium and long-term duration regular premium business, and keep optimizing its business structure. Furthermore, the Company will strive to solidify its market leading position, strengthen basic infrastructure to establish a standard management mode based on systems and procedures, and step up on innovation of new products, new sales channels and new services to establish a customer-oriented sales and service mode. The Company will actively seize upon investment opportunities to optimize asset allocation and make appropriate adjustments to its investment portfolios from time to time in the strive for the increase of its investment income. The Company will also strengthen risk management and control, and strictly comply with relevant rules and regulations in its active advancement on the development path of life insurance with China Life s distinct characteristics.
Looking back, the development of the Company is similar to rowing upstream-one may fall behind by not moving forward or not moving fast enough. Only through active and rapid development was the Company able to maintain its standing and advance forward. Looking forward, as development opportunities do not last long and time is of the essence in grasping such opportunities, only with its persistent endeavours can the Company proceed smoothly on the path of life insurance sown with love, and achieve harmony and mutual promotion of customer interests, shareholder value, employee growth and corporate development.
By Order of the Board 
