Chairman s Statement In 2011, the Chinese economy maintained a stable and relatively fast growth, which provided a solid foundation for the continuous development of the insurance industry.
At the same time, however, continued inflationary pressure led to an increased tightening of monetary policy and the capital markets experienced depression. The CIRC strengthened regulation concerning solvency ratios and market conducts, further ensuring an orderly business environment in the insurance industry. At the same time, however, due to a number of factors such as changes in bancassurance regulations, less competitive investment type life insurance products and increasing labor costs, the insurance industry faced heavy pressures.
During the Reporting Period, the Company s total revenues reached RMB370,899 million, a decrease of 3.9% from 2010. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company s total assets reached RMB1,583,907 million, an increase of 12.3% from 2010. The Company s embedded value was RMB292,854 million, a decrease of 1.8% from 2010, and one-year new business value was RMB20,199 million, an increase of 1.8% from 2010. The Company s market share 2 in 2011 was approximately 33.3%, maintaining a leading position in life insurance market. During the Reporting Period, net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB18,331 million, a decrease of 45.5% from 2010. The Yuan Li, Chairman Company strengthened the management of its solvency ratio and issued subordinated term debts of RMB30 billion. As at 31 December 2011, the Company s solvency ratio was 170.12%.
The Board of Directors of the Company recommended the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.23 per share. This will come into effect after shareholders approval at the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday, 22 May 2012.
In 2011, the Company actively promoted its corporate governance. The Board of Directors set up a new Budget, Execution and Assessment Committee, which further strengthened the role of specialized committees. The Company established a periodic reporting system of management s analysis concerning the Company s operations, development and market strategies, which provided a basis for the decision-making of the Board of Directors.
The Company actively undertook its corporate social responsibility while fulfilling its obligations under insurance policies. During the Reporting Period, the total amount of insurance benefits and claims reached RMB72,864 million, which further highlighted the Company s role in providing economic compensation to the society. Relying on its competitive advantages in professionalism and scale of business, the Company devoted great efforts to develop its policy businesses. The Company expanded the residents covered by its rural micro-insurance products, and also expanded the service and geographical scope of and residents covered by the New Village Cooperative Medical Insurance, New Rural Pension Insurance, Basic Medical Insurance Program for Urban and Township Residents and Rural Medical Assistance 
Calculated according to the premium data of life insurance companies in 2011 released by the CIRC.
Chairman s Statement China Life Insurance Company Limited Annual Report 2011 
The Company actively participated in public welfare and charity undertakings. During the Reporting Period, the Company made continuous donation of RMB30 million to China Life Foundation. Through China Life Foundation, in addition to the continuous support for Wenchuan earthquake orphans, the Company also undertook to provide support for 459 Yushu earthquake orphans and Zhouqu mudslide orphans, paying subsidies totaling RMB9,896.4 thousands, and provided orphans from disasters-stricken areas with long-term, continuous physical and emotional support.
Moreover, construction began on the Nangqian China Life Children s Welfare Institute in Yushu. The Company donated RMB1 million to Yunnan Zhaotong Charity Society and jointly initiated China Life Zhaotong Relief Fund, aiming to help those who have sustained injuries in the course of acting heroically or suffered serious disease and great financial difficulties. The Company donated RMB1 million to China Women s Development Foundation, in order to provide women in impoverished areas with Screening for Two Gynecological Cancers and protection against serious 
2012 is an important nexus for the implementation of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan . Faced with a complex external environment, the Company plans to strengthen its in-depth analysis of macro-economic trends, improve foresight and flexibility of work, and improve its ability to respond to and steer through complex situations. The Company will uphold its business philosophy of customers as the center, local branches as the focus, and value as the core , and intend to continue to make steady progress and maintain the balance between scale and speed of business and improved structure and efficiency of business. Under the premise of maintaining steady business growth, the Company intends to further accelerate the development of medium and long-term regular premium business, make great efforts to enhance business value and strengthen sustainable development capability. The Company firmly intends to promote reforms in all areas and improve innovation so as to continuously create new competitive advantages. The Company intends to further strengthen the development of its local branches by allocating more resources to local branches and fully mobilizing their potential. The Company intends to devote great efforts to develop its distribution channels by continuing to build up its exclusive agent team and to improve the productivity of such team, proactively developing new distribution approaches in response to the changes in bancassurance regulations, improving the profitability of group insurance distribution channel and promoting the development of new distribution channels. The Company also intends to strengthen management, optimize management process and strengthen back-office support. The Company also plans to strengthen risk prevention so as to ensure the stable operation of the Company.
At present, China Life is stepping into a critical period for its reform and development. Striving to enhance the Company s value is not only the expectation of our shareholders, customers and society in general, but also the unshirkable responsibility of all our employees. The Company will pursue a development path with China Life s distinct characteristics. By diligently working together, we are greatly committed to firmly grasping the industry development opportunities, advancing towards our goal of developing into a leading international life insurance company, and offering excellent services to our customers and long-term, stable returns to our shareholders.
By Order of the Board 
