CHairman’s statement
In this inaugural year as in the past, we are
delighted to have kept our pledge to provide
customers with excellent services, as well as
safe, reliable and clean energy at affordable
tariffs. For HKEI’s valued SSU holders, we
delivered on our promise to pay out 100% of
distributable income and for the community
at large, we shared our support for increasing
local gas-fired generation during a major
public consultation on the future fuel mix for
electricity generation.
Keeping our commitments
I am pleased to have the opportunity to present the first full-
year annual results for HKEI, listed on the Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong by way of Share Stapled Units (SSU) on 29
January 2014. HKEI, representing collectively HK Electric
Investments and HK Electric Investments Limited, holds a
100% interest in the operating company HK Electric, one of
the world’s longest-running power companies.
Financial results and distributions
For the year ended 31 December 2014, HKEI’s EBITDA was
HK$7,698 million and audited profits attributable to SSU
holders was HK$3,201 million.
From the listing date to 31 December 2014, the
distributable income was HK$3,218 million, which met the
expected distribution as stated in HKEI’s listing prospectus,
and will be distributed to SSU holders in its entirety.
The Board of the Trustee-Manager has declared a final
distribution by the Trust of HK19.89 cents per SSU, payable
on 10 March 2015 to SSU holders whose names appear on
the Share Stapled Units Register on 27 February 2015. This,
together with the interim distribution of HK16.53 cents per
SSU, amounts to a total distribution of HK36.42 cents per
SSU for the period.
Helping to shape Hong Kong’s
energy policy
A public consultation on the future fuel mix for Hong
Kong’s electricity generation took place between March
and June 2014. In the consultation two alternative
fuel mix options were proposed by the Government to
improve local air quality and reduce carbon emissions for
2023 and beyond. There was enthusiastic participation
by the public with over 80,000 responses made to the
Environment Bureau.
Following in-depth analysis, study and extensive
communication with our stakeholders, including SSU
holders, customers, employees and the public, we submitted
that Hong Kong’s electricity should be generated locally,
with the proportion of natural gas in the fuel mix increased
to 60 per cent. This time-proven option will ensure a reliable
supply of electricity and improving pollutants and carbon
emission, while minimising tariff increases. We are delighted
to understand from the Government that our preference
for local generation is shared by the overwhelming majority
of those who responded as it emerged as the mainstream
opinion expressed during the consultation exercise.
Delivering excellence in
all aspects
During the year HK Electric maintained its standards
of excellence in supply reliability, while out-performing
emissions targets, and achieving improvements in
occupational safety and customer service standards for the
Hong Kong community.
In 2014, electricity sales increased by 1.7% from 10,773
million kWh in 2013 to 10,955 million kWh, with increases
in both commercial and domestic sales as a result of warmer
weather during the second and third quarters of the year.
We strive to ensure our tariff is affordable and globally
competitive. Net tariffs were frozen at their 2013 levels
across the board, delivering on our promise made in
December 2013 to keep tariffs unchanged for five years to
2018 barring unforeseen circumstances. Fuel prices were
soft throughout the year sparing us the price volatility seen
in recent years, and we were able to source both natural
gas and coal, especially low-sulphur coal, at advantageous
rates to the benefit of our customers.
HK Electric also commits to serve customers with world-class
power provision. Through our proactive approach to network
maintenance and modernisation, in 2014 we continued
to attain a world-class supply reliability rating in excess of
99.999%, a record we have continuously held since 1997.
Our quality of service was further demonstrated with our
customers experiencing on average less than one minute
of unplanned power interruption per customer per year
for the 6th consecutive year. During the year under review
our customer service performance met or surpassed all our
18 pledged service standards and the number of customer
commendations we received has reached a record high.
We established a Smart Power Fund during the year with
an initial injection of close to HK$5 million to assist owners
of old residential buildings to carry out energy efficiency
improvement works. The Fund is open for application until
end 2018. So far it has approved six applications from
owners’ corporations.
Our employees have always been at the forefront of our
initiatives to engage with the wider community and 2014
was no exception. Hundreds of employees participated in a
range of initiatives supporting in particular the two causes
we care most about: environmental awareness and caring
for senior citizens.
Investing in Hong Kong’s
electricity future
During the year we moved forward with our HK$13 billion
investment programme approved by the Government
under the 2014-2018 Development Plan as we continue to
provide a safe, reliable and affordable supply of electricity to
our customers. We have commenced preparatory work for
the construction of the new L10 gas-fired combined cycle
generating unit, full implementation of which is pending
written confirmation from the Government. This new
generating unit will enable us to sustain our use of natural
gas for electricity generation given the scheduled retirement
of one gas-fired combined cycle unit in 2020.
In 2014, we out-performed statutory emissions targets
and worked with the Government to establish even more
stringent emissions caps for 2019.
The most important resource for future success is the leaders
and engineers who will drive the future of the Group.
During the year we invested in the recruitment, training
and development of the next generation of HK Electric’s
engineering talent through the establishment of the HK
Electric Institute. The Institute offers systematic and advanced
power engineering training programmes for our employees.
Outlook
The energy sector in Hong Kong is evolving steadily to
achieve ongoing improvements in emissions performance
while maintaining reliability and affordability.
The Government is expected to conduct another round of
public consultations later this year on the future of Hong
Kong’s electricity market. As with last year’s consultation
on the fuel mix, we will be participating actively and
engaging extensively with our stakeholders as we chart the
way forward.
We expect that the Government will publish new policies
covering energy efficiency, climate change and the post-
2018 electricity market by the end of 2015. Our track
record of reliability, environmental performance and quality
of services render us well positioned to meet the demands
placed by regulatory changes. Our prudent financial
management and strategic capital investment programme
will enable us to address Hong Kong’s energy needs while
increasing SSU holder value in the long term.
We have the pleasure of four new Directors joining the
Boards on 6 January 2015, including three from State
Grid. State Grid has a 20% stake in HKEI and is the world’s
largest utility. On behalf of my fellow Board members I
welcome our new Directors and am glad to see the Boards
being strengthened by their presence.
This year marks the 125th year of HK Electric’s operations
since it powered the first electric street lamps in Hong Kong
in 1890. With this proud heritage comes the confidence
and a renewed commitment to remain as the region’s
premier provider of electricity at affordable rates. Our stellar
track record is due to the efforts of our dedicated team of
employees and loyal SSU holders, to whom I extend my
heartfelt gratitude.
Fok Kin Ning, Canning
Chairman
Hong Kong, 10 February 2015