CEO S STATEMENT 
In the year of 2015, China s medical reform has entered a new historical stage. Since the 5th Session of 18th Party Central Congress, the Party Central Committee has made the improvement of people s wellbeing as its focus and ultimate goal. Featuring a coordination of reforms in public hospitals, medical services pricing and medicine distribution and a tiered medical services system, Building a Healthy China has become a national strategic goal and is playing a key role in medical reform during the 13th five-year plan period; in the meanwhile, China encourages social capital to be engaged in public services sector reform (through PPP mode) and facilitates their participation in public hospital reform through entrusted management and equity cooperation. For continuous and sound economic development, the Central Economic Working Conference in December 2015 further underlined the reform of the supply side with focus on adjusting structure and fixing short planks . The above-mentioned strong policies provide new opportunities for social capital to be engaged in regional healthcare and elderly care services.
As a publicly traded state-owned key enterprise, Universal Medical proactively responds to national policies, sticking to the philosophy of putting people first and benefiting the people s livelihood. The Company is committed to play an important role in China s healthcare reform by focusing its business on key industries and areas relating to people s livelihood such as healthcare and elderly care, and on improving skills and service levels of healthcare institutions at different levels. At the same time, besides our more than 1,200 hospital clients, we have established good cooperative relationship with hundreds of renowned healthcare experts from home and abroad, and have built up strategic cooperative relationship with a number of healthcare service groups from home, Europe and the U.S. We will effectively leverage on the synergy of the quality healthcare resources to facilitate the good operation of cooperative projects.
During the year, we seized the opportunities for development, adhered to our strategic positioning as an integrated healthcare service provider, worked hard to improve our professional skills, continued to expand our medical resources platform and enhanced our abilities of medical technology services, which has enabled us to achieve exciting and good financial performance and operating results. In 2015, the Group recorded a total revenue of RMB 2,193 million, a 41.3% increase over the previous year; profit before tax reached RMB 900 million, a 47.3% increase over the previous year. Our asset quality continued to be optimized, medical resources platform continued to expand, regional medical resources network centers were established step by step and the financing structure has been improved 
During the year, our medical technology service capabilities continued to improve and service chain continued to expand. Focusing on CVA prevention, screening and treatment, prioritizing the fundamental interest of patients, we proactively introduced advanced international techniques and management experience, further optimized the clinical department upgrade business model that integrated experts, technology, training, funding and equipment. We also cooperated with experts and institutions in other fields of study, so as to adopt the CVA clinical department upgrade business model in other major and difficult medical fields such as oncology, gynecology and cardiovascular diseases. Our growing capabilities of medical technology services enabled us to provide hospital customers with more extensive and deeper clinical department upgrade services. In 2015, the Group s gross profit of clinical department upgrade services reached RMB123 million, representing an increase of 123.5% over the previous year, and the gross profit of clinical department upgrade services as the percentage of total gross profit increased to 9.4% from 5.9% in 2014.
The last year also saw a breakthrough in our hospital investment and management business. On January 10, 2016, we signed the framework agreement with the First Affiliated Hospital of Xi an Jiaotong University, the largest general 3A hospital in Northwest China, in respect of the joint development of the International Land Port Hospital of the First Affiliated Hospital of Xi an Jiaotong University. It is the first hospital under the direct administration of National Health and Family Planning Commission of People s Republic of China that cooperated with social capital, setting up a model for social capital participating in public hospital reform through PPP model. We have also signed a framework agreement with the People s Government of Bengbu City, Anhui Province on joint development of healthcare institutions and elderly care business. The two parties will implement phased cooperation in many forms with local major hospitals step by step, based on the local requirements on deepening medical and healthcare system reform. We are implementing other projects across China in an orderly manner. By providing funding, technology, talents and management philosophy and mechanisms, while improving healthcare service capabilities of hospitals, we have established long-term and stable profit model for ourselves, and as a result a win-win situation is achieved. In the meantime, we will proactively explore the business model of coordinated development of medical and elderly care services with cooperating hospitals, to build elderly care community featuring coordinated development of medical and elderly care services and promote the surrounding industries of hospitals.

In the years to come, we believe that under the guidance and support from national policies, there will be a broad development space and golden opportunities in China s healthcare and elderly care services market. With a focus on this market, we will further expand our medical resources platform, leverage on our cash resources to innovate business models, enhance our service capacities and quality and optimize our business value chain combining industry and finance, achieve the synergy and mutual support of medical financing services, hospital investment and management, medical technology services and hospital digitalization, so as to achieve the sustainable, stable and sound development of the Group and create greater value to shareholders and improve health of Chinese.
Finally, on behalf of the management and staff of Universal Medical, I would like to express my greatest gratitude to our shareholders, customers and business partners for their continuous support and care.
In the future, with a thankful heart, the Company will continue to pursue innovations, care for people s wellbeing and provide quality healthcare services and assume its responsibility to employees, customers and society and work hard for a better future! 
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer Universal Medical Financial & Technical Advisory Services Company Limited 
