CEO’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
In 2016, the healthcare system reform of China entered deep waters. It was clearly stated in the “Healthy
China 2030” plan that the reform shall be focused on “optimizing healthcare services, promoting
healthy lifestyles, developing healthcare industry, improving health security, and building a healthy
environment” to transform the development mode of healthcare sector and to strategically prioritize the
development of healthcare industry. At the 2016 National Health and Well-being Convention, president
Xi Jinping emphasized on the reinforcement of the construction of basic healthcare system so as to make
breakthroughs in hierarchical medical system, modern hospital management system, universal coverage of
medical insurance system, medicine supply system and integrated regulation system. With the deepening
of healthcare reform and the introduction of various state policies, the healthcare industry in China has a
promising prospect.
The theory of “Six Driving Forces” undertaken by state-owned enterprises in the process of ensuring
and improving people’s livelihood, promoting economic development and deepening the reform was
elaborated on the Central Economic Working Conference on 14 December 2016, which demonstrated
the leading role played by state-owned enterprises in social development. As a subsidiary of a key
state-owned enterprise, Universal Medical proactively responds to national policies by speeding up the
development of various sectors in the healthcare industry, so as to make contribution to the development
of the healthcare industry in China.
During the year, in addition to a steady growth in financial and advisory business, we followed the
healthcare policies and captured market opportunities to expand our medical resources and vigorously
advanced our hospital investment and management business. In 2016, the Company recorded a
total revenue of RMB2,701 million, a 23.1% increase over the previous year; and profit before tax of
RMB1,206 million, a 34.0% increase over the previous year. We maintained good asset quality, further
improved risk management system and enhanced financing capabilities. Our hospital investment and
management business has made substantive breakthroughs and the layout of integrated healthcare
services has been implemented step by step.
During the year, our hospital investment and management business achieved substantive breakthroughs.
On 30 August 2016, we entered into an agreement with the First Affiliated Hospital in relation to the
joint establishment of the International Land Port Hospital. To implement the transactions contemplated
under the cooperation agreement, we have set up a project company as the construction and operating
entity of the International Land Port Hospital. An operating company has been co-established by the
First Affiliated Hospital and us as the medical service platform that integrates healthcare resources and
provides medical supply chain services and commercial ancillary services for the First Affiliated Hospital,
the International Land Port Hospital. It will further expand its business to provide services for the
operation management of other partnered hospital in Northwest China in the future. A supply chain
company has been acquired by the operating company as the operating entity for the medicines supply
chain business of the existing and newly-built hospitals. We are carrying out other parts of the project
in an orderly manner as planned. Through the introduction of capital, talents and mechanisms, we will
consider the requirements of local healthcare development and enhance the operational standard of
the International Land Port Hospital in terms of facilities construction, medical services, operation and
management, and a state-level regional healthcare centre in Northwestern China will be established. In
addition, in June 2016, we also entered into a framework agreement with the Second Affiliated Hospital
of Zhengzhou University in connection with the joint establishment of the International Airport Hospital.
In August 2016, we entered into a framework agreement with Handan First Hospital in connection with
the joint establishment of its East Branch. Projects in other regions are also well underway.
During the year, we adhered to making steady progress in our healthcare technology service business.
The Company co-organised the Sino-US Health Summit in Xi’an, Shaanxi Province on 2 September 2016,
and sponsored the fifth sub-forum titled “the Prevention and Control of CVA”. The summit effectively
raised the profile of Universal Medical and its awareness among hospital customers and industry experts.
In addition, we commenced strategic cooperation with 68 international healthcare services institutions.
Leveraging on our diversified domestic and international healthcare resources platform, we continued to
enhance its healthcare technology service capabilities, and further strengthened its clinical department
upgrade services in obstetrics and gynecology, oncology, cardiology and other complicated diseases. In
2016, the gross profit of clinical department upgrade services of the Company reached RMB131 million,
representing an increase of RMB7.81 million or 6.4% over that in 2015.
Looking forward, in view of the state policies on the healthcare system reform and the lifting of
restrictions on social capital participation in healthcare industry, we will integrate our internal prime
resources, improve our capabilities of providing comprehensive healthcare services, steadily continue
to explore the healthcare service market, and build a national healthcare service network. Leveraging
on our own experience and drawing on successful experience from the industry, we will proactively
accomplish healthcare business matrix, promote the synergistic development of healthcare finance,
hospital investment and management, healthcare technology services and healthcare informatisation,
build an integrated industry chain for healthcare services, and strive to become a best-in-class integrated
healthcare services provider.
Finally, on behalf of the management and staff of Universal Medical, I would like to express our gratitude
to the investors, customers and business partners who expressed support and concern to the growth
of Universal Medical. In the future, we will closely follow the medical industry development, stick to
innovations, care for people’s wellbeing and provide quality healthcare services to be responsible for
employees, customers, shareholders and society for a sustainable development of healthcare business.
Best regards,
Guo Weiping
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer
Universal Medical Financial & Technical
Advisory Services Company Limited