CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Results of the Year The year of 2010 witnessed the slow global economic recovery and the transition from China s 11th Five-Year Plan to the 12th Five-Year Plan. Thanks to the concerted effort of its employees, the Group continued to maintain a substantial growth during the year. The turnover and profit attributable to shareholders for the year reached RMB11,215,089,000 and RMB1,013,087,000 respectively, representing increases of 33.3% and 26.2% over last year, while the earnings per share increased by 24.2% to RMB96.5 
This year, the Group secured 11 new urban piped gas projects in various locations in China, including Huadu District in Guangzhou, Fengkai County, Luoding City, Huaiji County, Guangning County, Xinyi City and Lianzhou City in Guangdong Province, Huaihua City, Changsha County and Zhuzhou County in Hunan Province, and Wenshan County in Yunnan Province.
As a result, the number of secured projects by the Group in China increased to 90, and the total connectable urban population coverage increased by 2,669,000 to 46,868,000. On the other hand, the Group continued its efforts in developing vehicle gas refuelling station business. During the year, 30 new vehicle gas refuelling stations were built and put into operation. As of the end of 2010, the number of vehicle gas refuelling stations operated by the Group reached 192 and the volume of gas sold in the vehicle segment over the total volume 
of gas sold was 12.5%. The growth in vehicle gas sales volume not only reflected the potential for greater development in vehicle gas refuelling station business, but also further secured the Group s future revenue from gas sales.
During the year, the Group completed piped natural gas connections for 875,744 residential households and 4,178 commercialindustrial ( CI ) customers (connected to gas appliances with total installed designed daily capacity of 4,619,944 cubic meters). As of the end of 2010, the accumulated number of residential households and CI customers of natural gas were 5,419,826 and 17,767 (connected to gas appliances with total installed designed daily capacity of 17,649,198 cubic meters) respectively, while in terms of all piped gas users, the accumulated number of residential households and CI customers reached 5,618,583 and 18,424 (connected to gas appliances with total installed designed daily capacity of 18,175,160 cubic meters) respectively. The sales volume of natural gas for the year grew rapidly by 44.7% to 3,807,605,000 cubic meters as compared with last year. The Group s ability to maintain satisfactory growth fully demonstrated the robust business development of the Group, our strong execution ability in vigorously raising the gas penetration rate of our existing gas projects, as well as the immense demand for and growth potential of natural gas in 
As of the end of 2010, the Group s cash on hand was equivalent to RMB2,851,300,000 
and its total debts was equivalent to RMB6,262,913,000 (2009: RMB5,884,509,000). Its net gearing ratio, i.e. the ratio of net debt to equity (including non-controlling interests), was 45.2% (2009: 49.4%). As the Group vigorously raised the gas penetration rate of existing projects and expanded the vehicle gas refuelling station business, revenue from gas sales has become the major source of income for the Group. Such optimised revenue structure will generate long-term and stable cash flow for the Group, which has generated satisfactory net free cash inflow since 2008, allowing the Group to enjoy stable financial resources to pursue 
During the year, the informatisation program jointly developed with IBM China Company Limited ( IBM ) has been carried out and promoted in full swing, leading to a significant enhancement in the operational efficiency. As of the end of 2010, the Group has developed the online business system for a total of 153 group companies, enabling them to process over 90% of business through the information system and realising the real-time online integration of different categories of operational figures so that various categories of operational figures and the corresponding analysis reports are accessible by the management 
at anytime. It also enabled performance review meetings to be conducted online with access to real-time figures. As a result, the benefit of high efficiency brought by informatisation has established a strong foundation to support the decisions of the 
During the year, the Group continued to further the application of strategic performance management system in all group companies. With the use of refined management tools like balanced scorecard, strategies of the Group were passed on from upper levels to each employee who was then required to submit action plans according to the strategy of the organisation such employee works in. Appraisals would also be done on the actual results of the work compared with the employee s own action plan. This guaranteed consistency of goals between organisation level and individual level, ensured speedy conveying and effective implementation of the Group s strategies, and also greatly enhanced the capability of staff.

During the year, our 2009 annual report was awarded silver, Overall Annual Report: Gas Distribution, Transport and Transmission and Bronze, Interior Design: Gas Distribution, Transport and Transmission in the International ARC Awards. These remarkable achievements fully evidenced the clear and accurate disclosure of information in our annual reports, and our efficient communication with our shareholders.

During the period of the 12th Five-Year Plan, the wide recognition towards low-carbon economy in the community and the strict execution of the Chinese government s policy on energy saving and emission reduction will bring along unprecedented development opportunities for the natural gas industry, a clean and effi cient form of energy.

At the end of 2010, the Group had 19,111 employees (2009: 16,856 employees).
Besides the increasing number of gas projects, the Group also increased its manpower to meet the demand arising from its normal business development.
The Group has always adhered to its principle of people-oriented and considered talents as the vital source of our competitiveness and an indispensable factor for our future success and sustainable development. We believe that staff could provide satisfactory services to customers only if they are offered the opportunity of healthy development.
We always regard our staff as our most valuable assets and the executors of the Group s strategies. Therefore, we have always attached high importance to recruitment and internal training, and offered learning and studying opportunities to employees as a kind of benefits and rewards. Employees are encouraged to pursue lifelong learning, and we would also formulate practical and tailor-made career development plans and create open career paths for them. By doing so, the personal growth of staff is closely associated with the growth of the organisation, which ensures an adequate talent pool for the Group s future sustainable healthy development.
In addition, to maintain our sustainable rapid growth and build a young management team who deeply recognises the corporate culture and supports the strategic development of the Group, during the year we have preliminarily established a distinctive training system for young management. A group of outstanding young members would be selected systematically every year to be the future leaders.
Meanwhile, through talent evaluation and development, the Group has established a capability-based human resources system in line with the Group s strategies which will continuously enhance the capability of staff and provide necessary support for the organisation, thereby ensuring that the targets of the Group can be achieved.

According to the 2010 Domestic Economy and Social Development Statistics Report of the People s Republic of China, preliminary estimation indicated that the total energy consumption in 2010 amounted to 3.25 billion tons of standard coal, up 5.9% over last year. The consumption of coal, crude oil, natural gas and electric power grew by 5.3%, 12.9%, 18.2% and 13.1% respectively over last year. The national energy consumption per unit of gross domestic product in ten-thousand dollars decreased by 4.01%.
In the current primary energy consumption pattern in China, coal and petroleum account for 69% and 20% respectively while natural gas only accounts for 3.9%.
New energy like hydropower, wind power and nuclear power merely accounts for 7% in total. Currently, the environment of China cannot afford the pollution caused by the existing energy structure by far, and it is among one of the nations which tops the list in respect of emission volume of carbon dioxide and sulphur dioxide. The coal- based energy structure has heightened the energy demand and the pressure on the environment, and the energy consumption pattern should be optimised in a short period to promote the development and use of natural gas, nuclear power, solar energy, wind power and other kinds of new energy. This does not only save energy and reduce emission, but is also the strategy for China to achieve sustainable economic 
The year of 2011 marks the beginning of the 12th Five-year Plan, under which the Chinese government highlighted seven focuses of energy development: (1) to optimise the development of fossil fuels, reasonably control coal production capacity and enhance the supply of natural gas; (2) to accelerate the development of non-fossil fuels and ensure that the consumption of non-fossil fuels will account for 11% or above of the primary energy consumption by 2015; (3) to enhance the development of energy pipeline network; (4) to 
accelerate energy technology and facilities innovation; (5) to enhance energy saving and emission reduction; (6) to strengthen international energy cooperation; and (7) to promote the energy system reform. At the Copenhagen Climate Change Conference, the international community reached the consensus of developing a low-carbon economy. Natural gas, a clean and efficient fossil fuel, is the bridge in the transition to new energy as well as one of the pillars of low-carbon economy. It is estimated that the carbon dioxide emission of natural gas is 41% and 28% lower than that of coal and oil respectively. In the post global financial crisis era, extensive development and use of natural gas will be a realistic option for countries in response to global warming and an important strategy for maintaining the energy safety of a nation and enhancing its international competitiveness.
In 2009, the Chinese government pledged to reduce the emission of carbon dioxide per unit of gross domestic product by 40%- 45% by 2020 as compared to 2005. In order to ensure the fulfillment of this goal, during the period of 12th Five-year Plan, China will put extra efforts in developing natural gas and increasing the share of electric power generated by natural gas.
In particular, the development of coal- based power in Eastern China will be strictly controlled and the construction of power plant will focus on nuclear power and gas. To cope with the growing demand for natural gas, the Chinese government invested heavily in natural gas infrastructure. At the moment, the national natural gas pipeline network in China, which is fundamentally formed by the West-East Pipeline I and II, Shaanxi- Beijing Pipeline I, II and III, Zhong-Wu 
Sichuan-East Pipeline, as well as two branch pipelines named Hebei-Nanjing Pipeline and Huai-Wu Pipeline, has been basically completed. According to the plan of the Chinese government, 17 natural gas pipeline projects including the West-East Pipeline III and IV and China-Myanmar 
Oil and Gas Pipeline will be completed and launched in the coming years. At the same time, more and more import LNG terminals will be built along the coast.
The real network era for the natural gas industry will begin by then. On the other hand, although the consumption of natural gas is rising rapidly given the overwhelming demand, the gas reserve and facilities for peak time usage adjustments are still very insufficient. To ensure a stable natural gas supply, the Chinese government started to plan and construct a dozen natural gas storage facilities to enhance the peak time usage adjustments in winter. The construction of four storage facilities has been started and is expecting to be put into operation in 2012. In the future, the natural gas reserve is expected to account for 20% to 25% of the demand. Besides, the Chinese government issued the Opinions of State Council on Encouraging and Guiding Healthy Development of Private Investment during the year, and explicitly encouraged private investments in exploration and development of upstream oil and natural gas resources and in the construction of storage, transportation and pipeline facilities and network of crude oil, natural gas and refined oil, fully demonstrating the commitment of the Chinese government on the development of natural gas. According to the plan, China will increase the share of natural gas in primary energy from the current 3.9% to 8.3% by 2015.
The Chinese government has gradually regulated the economic structure, encouraged other modes of growth and insisted on attaining development in an economic, clean and safe manner.
It has also paid a great deal of efforts in establishing a resources saving and environmentally friendly society. Such change in mode of development has created the most tremendous opportunities for the natural gas industry ever.

In 2011, in light of the gradual recovery of the global economy, in particular the continuous growth in the economy of China, the Group will seize this golden opportunity for developing natural gas industry to formulate innovative ideas, further enlarge the economies of scale of the Group while maintaining a healthy cash flow, expand clean energy distribution network systematically, enhance the standard of customer services, fulfill the service and safety commitments made, optimise management quality through implementation of the informatisation program, and improve operational efficiency through strategic performance project. Moreover, the Group will continue to promote energy management projects.
As of the end of 2010, the Group has achieved substantial progress in three polygeneration projects, including the Changsha Huanghua Airport, Xinxiang and Liuyang Biomedical Park which will come into operation shortly. We also completed the development of the three methane projects in Zhanjiang, Shantou and Dongguan, and achieved a breakthrough in key industrial furnace and boiler modification technology. In 2011, the Group aims at responding to customers energy needs promptly and exploring their needs in-depth by acquiring resources at low costs and offering various energy solutions so that we can rapidly expand our business and contribute to energy saving and emission reduction at the same time. The Group will also expand the LNG business for cars and ships to create new sources of profit growth and long-term revenue in 2011. Moreover, building on the urban gas project the Group secured in Vietnam this year, the Group will actively explore the international operational model and seek overseas development opportunities for urban gas, expanding our international gas market steadily and striving to become an international energy distributor with excellent operation.

By doing so, the Group is able to make contribution to the environmental protection as well as the energy sector of not only China but also the whole world, while at the same time spare no effort to maximise the long-term benefits of our shareholders, customers, staff, society and enterprises.

25 March 2011 