CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
With the existing supportive policies of the Chinese government, natural gas will gradually become the major fuel in the urban gas market, presenting considerable potential for the sustainable development of urban gas projects and bright market prospects. We will seize this opportunity and ensure that while we orderly develop existing business, we will focus more on the development of natural gas distributed energy projects and vehicleship LNG business.

Results of the Year The year of 2011 was the first year of China s 12th Five-Year Plan. Thanks to the concerted effort of its employees, the Group continued to maintain a substantial growth during the year in face of complicated macroeconomic condition and market environment. The turnover and profit attributable to shareholders for the year reached RMB15,068 million and RMB1,253 million respectively, representing increases of 34.4% and 23.7% over last year, while the earnings per share increased by 22.7% to RMB1.19.
In 2011, the Group secured 10 new projects in the first half of the year and another five new projects in the second half of the year, including Panyu District of Guangzhou and Yunan County, Guangdong Province; Changqing District in Jinan, Shandong Province; Zhengdingxin District of Shijiazhuang and Jingxing County, Hebei Province. As a result, the number of secured projects by the Group in China increased to 104, and the total connectable urban population coverage increased by 6.27 million to 53.14 million. On the other hand, apart from the continued efforts in developing vehicle compressed natural gas ( CNG ) refuelling station business, the Group also actively expanded vehicleship liquefied natural gas business. During the year, 46 new natural gas refuelling stations (including 27 CNG refuelling stations and 19 liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) refuelling stations) were built and put into operation.
As of the end of 2011, the number of vehicle gas refuelling stations operated by the Group reached 238 and the volume of gas sold in the vehicle segment over the total volume of gas sold increased further to 13.0%. The growth in vehicle gas sales volume not only reflected the potential for greater development in vehicle gas refuelling station business, but also further secured the Group s future revenue from 
During the year, the Group completed piped natural gas connections for 1,029,727 residential households and 
5,178 commercialindustrial ( CI ) customers (connected to gas appliances with total installed designed daily capacity of 6,823,476 cubic meters). As of the end of 2011 the accumulated number of residential households and CI customers of natural gas were 6,658,272 and 23,501 (connected to gas appliances with total installed designed daily capacity of 25,273,724 cubic meters) respectively, while in terms of all piped gas users, the accumulated number of residential households and CI customers reached 6,815,165 and 23,969 (connected to gas appliances with total installed designed daily capacity of 25,767,276 cubic meters) respectively. The sales volume of natural gas for the year grew rapidly by 31.6% to 5,011 million cubic meters as compared with last year. Accordingly, the Group has not only reached but even exceeded its operational and financial performance goals set in early 2011. The Group s ability to maintain satisfactory growth fully demonstrated the robust business development of the Group, our strong execution ability in vigorously raising the gas penetration rate of our existing gas projects, as well as the immense demand for and growth potential of natural gas in 
As at 31 December 2011, the Group s total debts amounted to RMB10,672 million (31 December 2010: RMB6,263 million) and the bank balances and cash for the purpose of computing net gearing ratio amounted to RMB5,869 million (31 December 2010: RMB2,851 million) which include cash and cash equivalents of RMB3,349 million (31 December 2010: RMB2,851 million) and a bank deposit of RMB2,520 million (31 December 2010: nil) in the restricted bank deposits as an escrow for the pre-conditional offer as set out in the commitment section below. The Group s net gearing ratio, i.e. ratio of net debt to equity (including non-controlling interests), was 54.3% (31 December 2010: 45.3%). As the Group vigorously raised the gas penetration rate of existing projects and 
expanded the vehicle gas refuelling station business, revenue from gas sales has become the major source of income for the Group. Such optimised revenue structure will generate long-term and stable cash flow for the Group, which has generated satisfactory net free cash inflow since 2008, allowing the Group to enjoy stable financial resources to pursue sustainable 
On the other hand, through our great deal of efforts over the years, we have obtained investment grade ratings in both listed company and bond categories from three major globally recognized investment rating agencies, namely Standard and Poor s, Moody s Investors and Fitch Ratings at the same time, and thus become one of the two privately-owned companies in China on the market that receive investment grade 
During the year, the informatisation program jointly developed with IBM China Company Limited ( IBM ) has been carried out and promoted in full swing, leading to a remarkable enhancement in the operational efficiency. As of the end of 2011, the Group processed over 98.0% of business through the information systems. It led to a significant enhancement in operational efficiency and increasingly highlighted the strength of informationalised management.
During the year, with the continuous use of innovative management tools like balanced scorecard, the Group formulated a market and strategic performance optimisation solution and implemented it in different planning segments such as the annual strategic conference, annual business goal and financial budget planning, so as to ensure that the Group s strategies were effectively delivered to lower levels for implementation and to optimise resource allocation according to the market and 
In order to reduce the financing cost arising from business expansion and allocate the capital between group companies 
more effectively to achieve high liquidity, security and profitability of capital, the Group had spent enormous efforts to gain the approval of the China Banking Regulatory Commission to establish ENN Finance Co., Ltd. on 14 April 2011. The finance company serves companies within the Group and has significantly facilitated the capital allocation and enhanced the utilisation of financial resources of the Group as a result. Meanwhile, the operating cost management system, lifecycle asset management system and active risk management system which were set up during the year to facilitate reasonable cost control, enhance asset efficiency and control corporate risks had also played a significant part in achieving these goals.

During the year, our annual report was awarded Gold: Energy, Oil, Natural Gas and Fuels and Merit, Cover Design: Oil and Natural Gas Production and Service in the International LACP and ARC Awards. These remarkable achievements fully evidenced the clear and accurate disclosure of information in our annual reports, and our efficient communication with our shareholders.

At the end of 2011, the Group had 21,575 employees (2010: 19,111 employees).
In addition to the increasing number of energy-saving and emission reduction projects and vehicle gas refuelling station projects, the Group also increased its manpower to meet the demand arising from its normal business development.
The Group has always adhered to its principle of people-oriented and considered talents as the vital source of our competitiveness and an indispensable factor for our future success and sustainable development. We believe that staff could provide satisfactory services to customers only if they are offered the opportunity of healthy development.
In order to meet the need for operational talents required for the Group s continued rapid growth and build a young management team who deeply recognises the corporate culture and supports the strategic development of the Group, the 
Group has developed a distinctive training system for young management. A group of outstanding young members would be selected systematically every year to be the future leaders. In 2010, the Group selected 26 young employees to complete 11 related special training modules. Thirteen of them have been promoted as leaders after on- the-job training and evaluation. The Group picked another 21 young employees during the year who are now receiving professional training. We also continued to implement a young backbone management training program and 1,031 young leaders were selected and trained under the program.
In addition, in order to cultivate engineering talents who are responsive to changing situations and versatile, certain employees were shortlisted by the Group to pursue further study and receive training in famous colleges in China or overseas, facilitating the introduction of a talents nurturing program of masters of engineering.

According to the 2011 Domestic Economy and Social Development Statistics Report of the People s Republic of China, the total energy consumption in 2011 amounted to 3.48 billion tons of standard coal, up 7.0% over last year. The consumption of coal, crude oil, natural gas and electric power grew by 9.7%, 2.7%, 12.0% and 11.7% respectively over last year. The national energy consumption per unit of gross domestic product in ten-thousand dollars decreased by 2.0%. The natural gas consumption recorded the highest growth among all types of energy, showing the popularity and bright prospects of natural 
In the current primary energy consumption pattern in China, coal and petroleum account for 68.0% and 19.0% respectively while natural gas only accounts for 4.4%.
New energy like hydropower, wind power and nuclear power merely accounts for 8.6% in total. Currently, the environment of China cannot afford the pollution caused by the existing energy consumption structure by far, and it is among the nations which top the list in respect of emission volume of carbon dioxide and sulphur dioxide.
The share of coal in China s energy consumption remains very high. The coal- 
based energy structure has heightened the energy demand and the pressure on the environment, and the energy consumption pattern should be optimised in a short period to promote the development and use of natural gas, nuclear power, solar energy, wind power and other kinds of new energy. This does not only save energy and reduce emission, but is also the right strategy for China to achieve sustainable economic development. In terms of energy saving and emission reduction, China s biggest challenge is the coal-based energy structure. In the 12th Five-Year Plan, the Chinese government clearly proposed the guiding principles of China s energy development: to optimize the energy structure, to reasonably control the total energy consumption, to improve the pricing system of resource- related products and the tax system for resources and environment, to strengthen the laws, regulations and standards on energy saving and emission reduction, to enhance the responsibility review of energy saving and emission reduction targets, to introduce energy saving and environmental protection measures to production, circulation, consumption and construction processes, and to enhance sustainability development . The Chinese government indicated that it would further promote the optimisation and adjustment of the energy structure under the 12th Five-Year Plan, and expected the share of natural gas in primary energy consumption to raise from the current 4.4% to 8.3%, while the share of hydropower and nuclear power, and other kinds of new energy such as solar energy, wind power and biomass energy was expected to grow by 1.5% and 1.8% respectively by 2015. The share of coal in primary energy consumption should drop from the current 68.0% to around 63.0% by then. By 2020, China will gradually reduce its over-dependence on coal.
In 2009, the Chinese government pledged to reduce the emission of carbon dioxide per unit of gross domestic product by 40.0%-45.0% by 2020 as compared to 2005. In order to ensure the fulfillment of this goal, the government is adopting various measures. At the United Nation Climate Change Conference held at Durban, climate issue once again raised 
international concerns and the international community reached the consensus of developing a low-carbon economy. As a member of the Chinese delegation, ENN was honoured to participate in the conference and its credo to create innovative ways of producing and using cleaner energy won the recognition of the world. Natural gas, a clean and efficient fossil fuel, is one of the pillars of low-carbon economy. It is estimated that the carbon dioxide emission of natural gas is 41.0% and 28.0% lower than that of coal and oil respectively. Extensive development and use of natural gas will be a realistic option for countries in response to global warming and an important strategy for maintaining the energy safety of a nation and enhancing its international competitiveness.
To cope with the growing demand for natural gas, the Chinese government invested heavily in natural gas infrastructure. At the moment, the national natural gas pipeline network in China, which is fundamentally formed by the West-East Pipeline I and II, Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline I, II and III, Zhong-Wu Pipeline, Sebei-Xining-Lanzhou Pipeline, Sichuan- East Pipeline, Qin-Shen Pipeline, as well as branch pipelines like Hebei-Nanjing Pipeline and Huai-Wu Pipeline, has been basically completed. According to the plan of the Chinese government, a number of natural gas pipeline projects, including the West-East Pipeline III and IV and China- Myanmar Oil and Gas Pipeline, will be completed and launched in the coming years. At the same time, more and more import LNG terminals will be built along the coast. The real network era for the natural gas industry will begin by then. On the other hand, although the consumption of natural gas is rising rapidly given the overwhelming demand, the gas reserve and facilities for peak time usage adjustments are still very insufficient. To ensure a stable natural gas supply, the Chinese government started to plan and construct a dozen natural gas storage facilities to enhance the peak time usage adjustments in winter. Currently, three storage facilities with a total capacity of over 5 billion cubic meters have been built and another four are under construction. In the future, the natural gas reserve is expected to account for 20.0% to 25.0% of the demand.

During the period of 12th Five-Year Plan, China will put extra efforts in developing natural gas and increasing the share of electric power generated by natural gas. To increase the efficiency of energy utilization, facilitate structural adjustment, energy saving and emission reduction, and promote the orderly development of natural gas distributed energy, the Chinese government released the Guidance on Developing Natural Gas Distributed Energy (hereinafter as the Guidance ) on 9 October 2011. It clearly proposes the constructions of around 1,000 natural gas distributed energy projects and about 10 distributed energy demonstration areas with different representative features during the period of the 12th Five-Year Plan. By 2020, distributed energy system should be promoted and used in key cities throughout the country, with the installed capacity reaching 50 million kilowatt and achieving distributed energy equipment industrialization. During the year, the Group s several distributed energy projects, including Changsha Huanghua Airport, China Power-Snow Beer project, Xinxiang and Liuyang Industrial Park, were completed and put into operation.
The Group also reviewed and approved another three projects, including the Zhuzhou Shennong Cultural Park project.
The Group also signed contracts for around 175 energy saving and refit projects which enhance heat efficiency of customers through the provision of equipment refit and technological enhancement in energy consumption, among which 133 had completed gas connections with installed capacity of over 1 million cubic metersday.
In addition, with China s rapid economic development, the coal-based energy consumption has increased substantially and the number of motor vehicles has also surged, leading to a significant rise in the emission levels of nitrogen oxides (NOx) and volatile organic compounds (VOCs) in developed regions and intensifying the pollution caused by ozone (O3) and fine particulate matter (PM2.5). With the unsolved pollution caused by inhalable particulate matter (PM10) and total suspended particulate (TSP) , the pollution caused by PM2.5 and O3 in Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Yangtze River Delta and 
Pearl River Delta worsens and the frequent accumulation of smog reduces visibility.
Therefore, the Chinese government has released and implemented the new Ambient Air Quality Standard on 29 February 2012. In order to objectively reflect the ambient air quality and encourage the prevention of air pollution in China, the new standard introduces the average concentration limit for fine particulate matter (PM2.5) and eight-hour average concentration limit for ozone, and also requires more stringent detection and checking. The standard was first strictly implemented in key areas like Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta, and municipalities directly under the jurisdiction of the Central Government and provincial capitals. It will then be rolled out throughout the country in 2016. The introduction of this standard has broadened the prospects of the promotion and utilization of clean energy like natural 
The period of the 12th Five-Year Plan is an important period marked by the rapid industrialisation and urbanisation of China. The country s urbanisation ratio is expected to increase from the current 43.0% to 55.0%-60.0% by 2020. With the existing supportive policies of the Chinese government, natural gas will gradually become the major fuel in the urban gas market, presenting considerable potential for the sustainable development of urban gas projects and bright market prospects. We will seize this opportunity and ensure that while we orderly develop existing business, we will focus more on the development of natural gas distributed energy projects and vehicleship LNG business. By doing so, the Group is able to make contribution to the environmental protection as well as the energy sector of not only China but also the whole world, while at the same time spare no effort to maximize the long-term benefits of our shareholders, customers, staff, society and 
27 March 2012 