CHAIRLADY S REPORT 
During the Year, the Group celebrated its 20-year anniversary since its establishment and 10-year anniversary since listing. With continuously improved internal and external operation environment, the Group achieved better results in many aspects. As a leader in the packaging paper industry, the Group has taken a leading position in China s new normal reform, and gradually stepped into a new stage of practical development and improved returns in the future.
During the Year, the government continued to exercise stringent control over environmental protection measures and eliminate surplus production capacities, resulting in healthy and steady development of the industry as a whole. Our industry is closely related to consumption. The rapid development of online shopping has brought greater potential for our industry. On the other hand, the Group s effective product sales strategy, high quality of customer service and flexible approach in the purchase of recovered paper enabled the Group to increase its sales volume, while maintaining production costs at an optimal level, which further enhanced its profitability. As a result, although there was no new paper machine commencing production during the Year, both sales volume and sales achieved historical high during the Year due to high quality and high output arising from the optimization and upgrading of the Group s internal paper machines as well as the diligent efforts of the sales team. Total sales volume amounted to 13.1 million tonnes, representing an increase of 7.0% as compared with the corresponding period last year; sales amounted to approximately RMB32,092.8 million, representing an increase of 6.6% as compared with the corresponding period last year. For profitability, the gross profit margin increased from approximately 15.7% in the corresponding period last year to approximately 18.3%. The profit attributable to equity holders was approximately RMB1,121.7 million, representing a decrease of approximately 20.5% over the corresponding period last year. If the effect of exchange rate changes was excluded, the profit attributable to equity holders for the Year was approximately RMB2,834.1 million, representing a substantial increase of approximately 106.6% as compared with the corresponding period last year, breaking the Group s past annual profit records. During the Year, basic earnings per share of the Group was approximately RMB0.2404. The Board has proposed a final dividend of RMB8 cents per share, and special dividend of RMB3 cents per share to celebrate its 10-year anniversary since listing.
On capital management, the Group continued to actively reduce debt and optimize debt structure during the Year.
During the Year, net borrowings further decreased by approximately RMB2,578 million to approximately RMB21,515 million, and net debt to total equity ratio continuously declined to approximately 81.4%, or approximately 76.5% if the effect of exchange rate changes was excluded. Meanwhile, with the interest rate cut and depreciation trend of RMB, the Group adopted a more flexible financial policy during the Year. After converting most of the borrowings denominated in US dollar into borrowings denominated in RMB or Euro in the first half of the Year, the Group continued to carry out its debt restructuring arrangement to accelerate the conversion of borrowings denominated in Euro into borrowings denominated in RMB in the second half of the Year, so as to minimize exposure to foreign exchange. It is expected that RMB debts will account for at least 80% of the Group s total borrowings by the end of 2016, when the impact of foreign exchange market changes on the Group s results will be basically eliminated and profitability will be considerably improved.
In light of the current market demand situation, production of the new paper machine at the Vietnam base is planned to be commenced by the end of June 2017, bringing the Group s total design production capacity to 14.08 million tpa. The second paper machine at the Shenyang base is expected to commence production by the end of June 2018. The successive commencement of operation of the two new paper machines enables ND Paper to reinforce its leading position in each region, while optimizing costs and enhancing efficiency.
With the improvement of production roadmap, the Group will continue to develop the express services business system with ND Paper characteristics to reduce operating costs and improve inventory management efficiency of its customers with advanced service consciousness. The system has received positive feedback from customers after operating for two years, effectively maintaining the customer loyalty to ND Paper. The Group plans to achieve full express services coverage in the next five years.
Looking ahead, with more favorable support from deepened reform and further improvement of the market supply and demand balance, ND Paper will continue to capture the demand growth potential in each region by virtue of our advanced environmental governance and existing infrastructure conditions. Looking forward, ND Paper will enter a new stage of development. We expect to realize informatization and intelligentization within five years and basically achieve the development goal of Industry 4.0, and will continue to actively fulfill our social responsibilities and provide a better working environment for our employees, thus enhancing our efficiency.
The Year marks the 20-year anniversary of the Group since its establishment. On behalf of all members of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to the leaders, investors and media friends for their great support to ND Paper in the past 20 years, as well as to the management and staff for their selfless dedication to ND Paper. With your support, ND Paper will enter a new stage of development, intelligence and efficiency in the next 20 years, continue to be an industry leader with century-long history and bring better returns to the shareholders.

Hong Kong, 21 September 2016 