CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
THROUGH DEVELOPING INNOVATIVE BUSINESS MODEL & EXECUTING EXCELLENT DISTRIBUTION PLAN, WE BELIEVE THE GROUP WILL HAVE EVEN MORE BRIGHT PROSPECTS.

RESULTS OF THE YEAR After achieving encouraging performance in last year, the Group continued to record substantial growth in its results. The turnover and profit for the year reached RMB5,756,270,000 and RMB706,144,000 respectively, representing increases of 69.5% and 45.9% over last year respectively.
Earnings per share increased by 26.7% to RMB51.3 cents.
This year, the Group secured 5 new city piped gas projects, thus raising the number of secured projects by the Group in Mainland China to 69, of which Zhejiang Province, Fujian Province and Henan Province each added one additional project while another 2 new projects were located in Anhui Province.
Our total connectable population coverage was also on the rise, reaching 40,294,000. On the other hand, the Group also actively developed its vehicle refuelling stations business and established 32 new vehicle refuelling stations during the year, among them one was a dimethylether ( DME ) station. As at the end of 2007, the number of vehicle refuelling stations operated by the Group was 89 and the proportion of gas sold in the vehicle segment as compared to the total volume of gas sold amount to 8.5%.
The Group believes that the vehicle refuelling stations business is on a track of rapid and steady growth and will further secure the Group s future sales volume and sales income.
During the year, the Group completed piped natural gas connections to 580,876 residential households and 2,115 commercialindustrial ( CI ) customers (connected to gas appliances with total installed designed daily capacity of 2,212,639 cubic meters).
As of the end of 2007, the accumulated number of residential households and CI customers of natural gas were 
2,749,352 and 8,206 (connected to gas appliances with a total installed designed daily capacity of 6,930,934 cubic meters) respectively, and the accumulated number of residential households and CI customers of all piped gas were 3,167,800 and 8,869 (connected to gas appliances with a total installed designed daily capacity of 7,594,338 cubic meters) respectively. The sales volume of natural gas for the year grew tremendously by 78.4% as compared to last year to 1,757,891,000 cubic meters. Such increase fully demonstrated the benefits of the economies of scale, the robust development of the Group s business as well as our achievement in vigorously raising the penetration rate of our existing gas projects.

As at 31 December 2007, the Group s cash on hand was equivalent to RMB1,693,459,000 (31 December 2006: RMB1,567,552,000), and its total debts was equivalent to RMB5,054,324,000 (31 December 2006: RMB4,022,936,000). Its net gearing ratio, i.e. the ratio of net debt to equity (excluding minority interests), was 90.0% (31 December 2006: 80.3%).
With the abundance of gas supply and the increase of customers from different segments, income from gas sales has become our major source of income and it is expected that the proportion of income from gas sales will further increase in the future. As more projects moved into full gear, income from gas sales will play a more important role in terms of revenue contribution to the Group. Such optimised income structure will create long-term and stable cash flow for the Group, the Group also has sufficient financial resources to pursue 
During the year, the Group continued to carry out informatisation in full swing with 7 gas companies implementing the Enterprise Resource Planning ( ERP ) system and our customer caring and services system going online. These systems have achieved stable and expected performance and were wholly endorsed by the management 
In order to ensure the thorough and effective implementation of the Group s strategies, the Group has jointly developed the strategic performance management project with Egate Infotech Company Limited last year. We have also established the balanced score card report and evaluation system and system flow. Under such system, we will review and communicate on the benchmarks and the progress of our action plans quarterly and will further our effort on the monthly review of the Group s action plans. The introduction of the strategic performance management project and the optimisation and the implementation of the balanced score card management system have largely facilitated the execution of our strategies. Such project has delivered fruitful results. In the course of project implementation, we have optimised the Group s strategy, modified the manner in which strategic orders are disseminated and circulated, identified the strategic responsibilities for different level of staff, formulated an efficient measure to evaluate the execution of our strategic planning, strengthened the strategic coordination between different departments and as such worked out the best solution to implement our 
During the year, the Company was elected as one of the Global Chinese Enterprises 1000 by Yazhou Zhoukan and this marked the seventh consecutive years that the Company was awarded by this prestigious magazine. Our Annual Report 2006 was also awarded Honorable Mention, Best Annual Report Awards and the fact that the annual report of the Company was again awarded as an outstanding report since 2006, which has fully evidenced the accurate and clear disclosure in our reports and our effective communication with our shareholders. These rewards also reflected the recognitions of investors and professional institution towards our management quality and high level of transparency. Our management will endeavor to maintain such precious achievement and make effort to gain more successful achievement and recognition.

As at the end of 2007, the Group had 14,800 employees (2006: 13,355 employees). In addition to the increasing number of gas projects, the Group has also increased its manpower to meet the demand arising from various gas construction projects and energy logistic 
The Group has adhered to its principle of people-oriented and believed that the healthy development of its staff is essential to the delivery of satisfactory services to customers. The Group always considers its staff as the most valued assets and understands that human resources is the vital source of competitiveness and indispensible element of our future success and sustainable development. Therefore, we put great emphasis on recruitment and internal training and offer learning and studying opportunities to employees as a kind of benefits and rewards. The Group encourages employees to have 
lifelong learning, formulates practical and tailor-made career development plans for employees and creates open career paths for them, which in turn ensures an adequate talent pool and human resources base for the Group s future sustainable and healthy development.
During the year, the Group has, in addition to implement its development strategy, optimised our staff employment qualification system and career development plans through the introduction of personal score card and further tailored our appraisal and promotion mechanism. We have also strengthened personnel management, organisation management, appraisal management and recruitment management with the help of our informatised projects, which has not only facilitated and solidified our human resources management system, but also has made it more transparent and 
The rising global demand for energy and the growing emphasis on environmental protection both help encourage the promotion and use of clean energy. Under such global trend, China s energy industry has to establish a solid foundation through the thorough implementation of a scientific perspective and on such basis achieve the target of building up a stable, economic, clean and safe energy supply system. In order to support the robust and rapid development of the national economy, China s energy industry, on one hand has to increase energy supply and achieve a breakthrough in the bottleneck of energy development while on the other hand, has to make massive effort to adjust and optimise the energy structure and speed up the technology advancement of the industry. In recent years, the pace of development of China s energy sector has obviously accelerated and at the same time the 
nation is enjoying a more secure energy supply. The Chinese government has also taken the initiative in introducing a series of new ideologies and measures, adjusting the energy structure and putting the country s energy sector on the track of sustainable development.
As the Chinese government speeds up its program of establishing an efficient energy utilisation and environmental friendly society, the state will in no doubt put more emphasis on the promotion and application of clean energy and alternative energy and adopt energy conservation and emission reduction as its primary national policy. During the year, the National Development and Reform Commission ( NDRC ) has formally promulgated the Natural Gas Utilising Policy with the approval of the State Council of the PRC on 30 August 2007 with a view to alleviating the issue of supply shortage of natural gas, optimising the usage structure of natural gas and encouraging energy conservation and reduction in emission.
After taking into consideration of factors such as the social, environmental and economic benefits delivered by the usage of natural gas, the newly promulgated policy categorised the utilisation of natural gas into four classes, namely the priority class, the allowed class, the restricted class and the prohibited class, of which the daily usage of urban population, the usage of gas by public utilities and natural gas vehicle are categorised into the priority class and implying that our target customers are basically of the same category. Apart from this, the NDRC has formulated a series of practical security measures concerning the usage of natural gas, which fully demonstrated the vision of the Chinese government in respect of the utilisation of natural gas resource. It is believed that with the encouragement and support of the said measures, the Group is well positioned to secure gas sources and attract new 
It is not difficult to conclude that natural gas will become the major fuel in urban gas market in the PRC given that China s demand for natural gas is on the rise, the energy consumption structure is further improving, the urbanisation ratio is climbing every year and the PRC government has put more emphasis on environmental protection. According to the Natural Gas Pipeline Network and the Eleventh Five Year Plan issued by the Chinese government, during the period from 2006 to 2010, China will basically complete the construction of a preliminary national natural gas pipeline network with designed length of 16,000 km. Such national natural gas pipeline network will then be further improved to secure the safe and reliable supply of natural gas. In particular, the commencement of construction of the second West-East Pipeline and Sichuan-East Pipeline which connect the eastern and western region of China this year will further secure the gas supply of the Group.
In order to realise the Group s long term development strategies, we have always put top priority on the stable and reliable supply of clean energy and consider such service as the most important element for the Group s development.
On top of the full utilisation of long distance pipeline in the PRC, the Group has also actively explored gas sources by self production and has sought to develop international energy trading.
The coal chemical project located in Inner Mongolia and which the Group first participated in investment and construction in 2006, has progressed smoothly this year. Next year, such project will produce 400,000 tons of DME annually and as a new energy to be widely used. With a view to developing international energy trading, the Group has also established Xinao Energy Trading Company Limited last year and obtained the rights of import and export of natural gas, LPG and 
various kinds of gas materials. In June 2007, the Group struck the first deal concerning the international trading of LPG and succeeded in importing 10,000 tons of LPG. Besides enhancing the development of the Group s energy trading business, such move has also fully demonstrated our capability in securing energy resources through international trading and serves to further secure the Group s gas sources.
After recording rapid growth in the past few years, the Group has consolidated its leading position in the industry in terms of customer base and market position. Besides, benefiting from our strenuous effort devoted in the past few years to promote connection services and develop industrial users and gas vehicle refuelling station businesses, both characterised by large volume of gas consumption, the Group s income structure has largely improved and this could be seen by the increasing income contribution from gas sales which is more stable and reliable in nature. As at the end of 2007, income attributable to gas sales has increased to account for over half of our overall income, rising from 56.1% in 2006 to 64.9% while the share of one-off income attributable to connection fee as compared to the Group s overall income has diminished, dropping from 39.9% in 2006 to 33.4%.
Such superior income structure not only strengthened our profitability and cash flow, but also confirmed that the Group is developing into a real public utilities company. In addition, as at the end of 2007, the overall penetration rate of the Group was 23.6%, lagging far behind the peak gas penetration rate of over 80%, thus showing that there is great scope of development for the Group to attract new customers and increase its 
In 2008, the Group will continue to enhance its management standard through its informatisation and strategic performance appraisal management 
projects and deliver more satisfactory and comprehensive services to its customers by adhering to its customer oriented principle. We will also endeavor to ensure our business is operated in a safe manner by establishing a secure and safe working environment and fully standardising our operation. In order to further improve our results in the piped gas segment, we will take initiatives to participate in the consolidation of the industry and optimise the structure of our projects. Besides focusing on enhancing and consolidating our leading position in the industry, we will also make huge effort to enhance our core competitive strengths through the innovation of energy distribution model, development of energy distribution network, establishment of a strong terminal network and integration of service platform. The Group will also enhance its competitive advantage by utilisation of substitute energy and source our gas in international gas market. In addition, the Group will adapt to changes of national policy and transformation of the industry by taking a proactive stance to formulate new business model while establishing a distribution model through the provision of regional clean energy solution, and thereby becoming the provider of regional clean energy and energy saving solutions. For the coming years, we will continue to make contribution to China s environmental protection and energy sector and spare no effort to maximise the long-term benefits of our shareholders, customers, staff, society 
22 April 2008 