CHAIRLADY S REPORT 
On behalf of the Group, I hereby present the annual report for the Year to all shareholders. On behalf of the Board, I would also like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all shareholders and friends from various sectors of the community for their care extended to the development of the Group.
The Group s capital and risk management has focused on the continuous optimisation of its debt structure, further reduction of finance costs and strict control on its foreign exchange exposure. While achieving our objective to reduce debts, we will also closely monitor potential markets in the PRC as well 
During the Year, while the global economy continued to be volatile, China, as an emerging economycountry, has also been experiencing a historic industrial transformation and adjustment. The manufacturing sector maintained a prudent and conservative approach in its daily operation. However, despite the continuous economic downturn, production and sales volume in the market were still able to maintain a balance between supply and demand as packaging paper industry is an industry closely related to daily consumption and is benefitting from the rapid development of online shopping.
For the packaging paper industry, owing to new production capacities in the past and closure of small paper-making enterprises due to environmental and financial issues, market order was disturbed and product selling prices were under pressure. However, the government continued to exercise stringent control over environmental standards and stepped up its efforts in the closure of outdated production capacities in the industry since the second half of the Year, resulting in a rising trend of product selling prices from the bottom. Various local governments have proactively implemented a number of measures in recent years to maximise the industry consolidation. For example, the Dongguan Municipal Government planned to terminate 54 paper-making enterprises in 2015 while the Fuyang Municipal Government in Zhejiang Province carried out the sixth round of rectification on outdated paper-making capacities. A total of 120 paper-making enterprises were closed down. Meanwhile, new production capacities have decreased significantly since 2014 when compared to prior periods. All these conditions have underpinned the price trend of the packaging paper market.
The Group strived to provide customers with product portfolios at optimal pricevalue, while continuously enhancing the level of systematic management, controlling costs, improving product quality and optimising its express services.
As such, the Group was able to remain highly competitive against the backdrop of economic slowdown. During the Year, the Group further increased its market share and once again achieved record-high sales volume and sales.
Total sales volume amounted to approximately 12.2 million tonnes while the sales of the Group amounted to approximately RMB30,092.5 million, representing an increase of 4.0% as compared with the same period last year.
Gross profit was RMB4,716.4 million while profit for the Year was approximately RMB1,456.3 million, representing a decrease of 18.5% as compared with the same period last year. Basic earnings per share was approximately RMB0.30. The Board has proposed a final dividend of RMB5 cents per share.
During the Year, the Group s total design production capacity has reached 13.73 million tpa. This included PM37 at the new Shenyang base which had commenced production in September 2014.
In view of the depreciation of RMB, the Group s capital and risk management has focused on the continuous optimisation of its debt structure, further reduction of finance costs and strict control on its foreign exchange exposure. As at 30 June 2015, the net borrowings to total equity ratio for the Group has reduced to 94.4%; and the average debt interest rate, total borrowings and net borrowings continued to decrease. Moreover, the Group proactively adjusted the debt portfolio to reduce the exposure to exchange loss from translation of USD and Euro. It also endeavoured to achieve a balance between the payment and income of foreign currencies by pushing forward the implementation of government policies and stepping up its efforts in export of products. At the same time, the Group increased the procurement of domestic raw materials in a view to mitigate exposure to foreign exchange arising from the use of imported raw materials. While achieving our objective to reduce debts, we will also closely monitor potential markets in the PRC as well as overseas.
OUTLOOK AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT Although there will be no planned production commencement of new paper machines in FY2016, it is still expected that the Group will sustain sales volume growth by enhancing its production efficiency and product quality as a result of the optimization and upgrading of its existing paper machines. According to the latest construction progress at the Vietnam base, PM2 (VN) will be completed and commence production by the end of 2016 as scheduled. It is expected that the Group s total design capacity will then exceed 14 million tpa. In addition, PM39 at the Shenyang base will also be completed and commence production by the end of 2017.
Looking ahead, the Group remains fully confident on the Chinese economy. In particular, the major regions have experienced economic growths at different paces. With regional economic conditions in northern and mid-western China gradually recovering, there are still huge potential in these markets. As an industry leader, ND Paper will continue to pursue inner power enhancements tirelessly, optimise management and excavate its cost potential.
Adhering to the principle of Quality First, Customers Foremost as always, the Group will improve its product quality and standard of sales services as well as develop and popularize knockout products so as to provide its customers with environmentally friendly products and one-stop quality services which are highly competitive and cost-effective, making Nine Dragons a prime brand preferred and trusted by customers, hence achieving sustainable and mutually beneficial development. Meanwhile, under the general trend of realisation of the Made in China 2025 strategy, ND Paper will keep abreast of the key direction of national development and plan to gradually shift from informatisation and automation to intelligentization, thereby ultimately achieving the grand objectives of joining the world s industrial powers and entering the Industrial 4.0 era in advance.
On behalf of all members of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to the management and all staff members for their dedication to and trust in ND Paper, as well as to governments at all levels, investors, banks and business partners who have been supporting the Group all along.

Hong Kong, 23 September 2015 