CHAIRLADY’S REPORT
Dear Shareholders,
During the Year, the Group recorded a core
profit growth of 68.1%, setting the highest
record of both profit and sales since its
establishment. The Group also achieved
outstanding operation performance in many
aspects, which is a testament to its solid
leading position in China’s economic
transformation and sustainable development
by leveraging on the enormous production
and distribution platform established through
its hard work in the past years. As a leader
in the packaging paper industry in China and
amidst the macro-environment of supply-side
structural reform and more stringent
environmental governance policies, the Group
capitalized on the business opportunities for
market development in a timely manner and
thus achieved steady progress, promoted
industrial development and provided better
returns for its shareholders.
During the Year, the government continued to exercise stringent control over environmental protection measures.
Environmental inspections and regulatory enforcement were carried out with unprecedented intensity that has become
a regular practice. These had accelerated the exit of capacities that were outdated and non-compliant with
environmental regulations. Much stricter approval requirements were imposed on new capacities, while the approval
for coal-fired power plants was prohibited, which had affected the increase in the number of paper production projects.
Further adjustments in the supply-demand dynamics continued to provide strong support to product prices in general,
notwithstanding significant volatility resulted from changes in the market environment. As such, although prices of the
two major materials, namely recovered paper & coal, among the Group’s cost elements stood at high levels most of
the times during the Year, especially the rising prices of recovered paper, the Group was able to achieve a historical
high in profitability through effective cost adjustment and internal control, as well as forward-looking management in
the sales market. As there was no new paper machine commencing production during the Year, sales volume was
relatively stable as compared to the last financial year. Total sales volume amounted to approximately 13 million
tonnes; total sales amounted to approximately RMB39,154.8 million due to rising product prices, representing an
increase of 22.0% over the last financial year. As for profitability, gross profit margin increased from 18.3% in the
last financial year to 20.4%. Profit attributable to equity holders was approximately RMB4,383.7 million. If the
exchange losses on operating and financing activities (net of tax) were excluded, profit attributable to equity holders
for the Year was approximately RMB4,765.3 million, representing an increase of approximately 68.1% as compared
with the corresponding period last year. During the Year, basic earnings per share of the Group was approximately
RMB0.94. The Board has proposed a final dividend of RMB25 cents per share.
On fund management, the Group continued to maintain a sound record of no bad debts and worked consistently on
optimizing its debt structure during the Year with a view to achieve the balance among such aspects as reduction of
borrowing costs, control of exchange rate risks, funding requirements for development and returns for shareholders.
During the Year, total borrowings decreased by approximately RMB3,896 million to approximately RMB28,949 million,
and net borrowings to total equity ratio further declined from approximately 81.4% as at the end of the previous
financial year to approximately 74.6% as at the end of this financial year. Meanwhile, the Group continued to make
strenuous efforts in making timely adjustment to the proportion of debts denominated in foreign currencies and debts denominated in RMB based on market conditions and funding requirements. Given the opposite trends of the exchange
rates of USD and Euro against RMB during the Year, the Group recorded a significant decrease in total exchange
losses (net of tax) as compared to the previous financial year. As at the end of FY2017, borrowings denominated
in RMB, USD and Euro accounted for approximately 64%, 14% and 20% of the Group’s total borrowings respectively.
It is expected that these three currencies will remain the major components of the Group’s borrowings in subsequent
periods and the Group will continue to pay attention to its control over foreign exchange risks.
The Group develops its future strategic production roadmap according to the supply and demand situation of each
regional market. PM2(VN) at the Vietnam base has commenced production in August 2017, which has brought the
Group’s total design production capacity to 14.08 million tpa. As for the markets in Mainland China, based on the
current development plan, the design production capacity of the new paper machine at the Shenyang base has
increased to 0.60 million tpa, and the Group has decided to construct new paper machine at the Hebei Yongxin
base in order to expand the design production capacity by 0.50 million tpa in view of the market environment in
northern China, which is experiencing faster elimination of outdated production capacities. Meanwhile, the Group has
also decided to add a new paper machine with design production capacity of 0.35 million tpa at Quanzhou base.
Upon such expansion, these three production bases will see significant improvements in their economies of scale. In
addition, the Group has also decided to add a new paper machine with design production capacity of 0.55 million
tpa at Chongqing base to further satisfy the demand of the local market. The new paper machines mentioned above
have been approved by the government and are planned to commence production successively by the end of 2018.
Upon their completion, it is expected that the Group’s total design production capacity will exceed 16 million tpa.
The successive commencement of operation of the new paper machines will enable ND Paper to strengthen the
optimization of profit and costs in each region and hence enhance long-term returns.
While building new paper machines, the Group continues to upgrade and improve its existing production and ancillary
equipment with a view to increase its production output and production efficiency by ensuring its equipment stay
abreast of the most advanced level of the international paper manufacturing industry in a timely manner. The Group
also puts great efforts in promoting “datamation, automation and intelligentization” and meeting the standard of “Industry
4.0”, at the same time conforming to the increasingly stringent requirements of the government in respect of
environmental protection and the government’s policy regarding sustainable economic development. As for sales, the
Group adopts a proactive approach in developing new customers and expands the coverage of “Express Services”
to help customers improve their inventory management efficiency and reduce their operating costs, with a view to
enhance the overall management level of intelligentization of transportation.
Looking ahead, with global macroeconomy remaining volatile, further deepening of China’s economic transformation
as well as improving consolidation in the industry, the advantages of large enterprises with both economies of scale
and operating efficiency will become more prominent. ND Paper will continue to consolidate its favourable leadership
position by leveraging its advanced environmental governance, existing infrastructure facilities and strong capabilities
in operation management and control. ND Paper will remain committed to supporting government policies, actively
seize business opportunities and follow the market trends while devoting itself to improving its internal strengths with
a view to stabilizing quality, increasing output, controlling costs as well as optimizing borrowings. It will also proactively
develop a more comprehensive database for operation big data and the system for intelligent management, thereby
providing its customers “a piece of exemplary quality paper” with the best price/value.
On behalf of all members of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to the
management and all staff members for their dedication to and trust in ND Paper, as well as to governments at all
levels, investors, banks and business partners who have been supporting the Group all along.
Cheung Yan
Chairlady
Hong Kong, 21 September 2017