On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ), I am pleased to present the annual results for the year ended 31 March 2005 to our 
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS For the year ended 31 March 2005, the Group s turnover totalled HK$3,418 million and net profit for the year was HK$60 million.
The Board has recommended a final dividend of HK1.0 cent (2004: HK8.5 cents) per share for year ended 31 March 2005. Together with the interim dividend paid during the year, total dividends per share for this year amounted to HK4.5 cents, representing a decrease of 71% as compared to HK15.5 cents per share last year (excluding special dividend paid of HK8.0 cents). The dividend will be payable on or about 8 September 2005 to shareholders of the Company whose names are on the Register of Members on 26 August 2005.

The financial year ended 31 March 2005 ( FY 2005 ) was definitely a challenging year for the Group. Increases in oil and raw material prices led to drastic decrease in the Group s gross profit margin. For the FY 2005, the Group recorded a turnover of HK$3,418 million, compared with HK$3,299 million last year, representing an increase of 3.6%.
The Group s net profit declined from HK$245 million last year to HK$60 million for FY 2005, representing a decrease of 75.4%. However, the EBITDA for the year still satisfactorily stood at HK$159 million, down 52.5% as compared with that of previous year.
Despite the challenging business environment, the Group, after due consideration, decided to complete the development of Phase one of the Qingyuan Industrial Estate, as planned. The Group invested in lithium bromide absorption chillers which produce cold water by using heat and provide air-conditioning for the Qingyuan Industrial Estate.
This operation is expected to reduce power costs. Moreover, 17 SMT production lines have been installed in Qingyuan with advanced SMT machines (mainly Fuji and Panasonic brands).
The Qingyuan Industrial Estate is planned to produce more digital consumer electronic products. However, with the initial launch of new digital products, the production facilities in Qingyuan are yet to operate at optimum levels. During the year, sales of these new products did not provide significant contribution to the Group s turnover.
During the year, the Group has also determined to enhance its automation in the production process. The Group acquired additional sets of plastic injection and surface mounted machines, stamp presses and dies and CNC machinery for moulding operation. The Group also installed swing robots and autospraying equipment with C10,000 cleaning room standards. All these measures will contribute to our overall production efficiency and quality. On top of its existing four power generators in Dongguan Ngai Lik Electronics Industrial City, the Group acquired an additional 4,000 kw power generator to further reduce its power costs. As a result, the Group s capital expenditure for FY2005 reached a peak level of HK$328 million (2004: HK$218 
As the capex was on the nature of fixed assets, it will benefit the Group in the long run. It is considered that the Qingyuan Industrial Estate will provide competitive advantages for the Group in the development of digital product business. In particular, the Group is equipped with new production facilities, together with a high extent of 
During the year, America remained its largest market followed by Europe. HK$2,361 million and HK$621 million of the Group s products were sold to America and Europe, accounting for 69.1% and 18.2% of the Group s total turnover respectively. In prior year, approximately HK$2,038 million and HK$813 million of the Group s products were sold to America and Europe respectively. The Group maintained good relationship with the major reputable retailers, in particular the Group committed to fulfill the customers orders despite of the rising raw materials prices during the year. The Group also successfully acquired certain reputable distributors during the year which further helped expanding the distribution of its products to America.
To improve the quality and performance of its products, the Group remains committed to developing new products and new models of existing products with additional features. We have a research and design team of over 300 engineers in Dongguan, launching over 40 newly designed products each year.

Every company from time to time encounters different kinds of challenges. When we do, we face them and endeavour to deal with them. Challenges and difficulties will continue to arise in the coming financial year 2006 ( FY 2006 ). The current business condition becomes even more difficult. The general trend in interest rate is uprising and it is generally anticipated that RMB will appreciate in near future. Moreover, the prices of oils and plastic have climbed to new heights which may slow down global economic growth. Together with shortage in labour and electricity supplies, the business environment in China is getting less favorable to the manufacturers.
Thanks to the well-developed production platforms and strong financial standing of Ngai Lik, Ngai Lik still continue to implement its business strategy, which is low-cost production of a wide variety of quality consumer electronic products targeting at the mass market.
Phase One development of the Qingyuan Industrial Estate was completed, providing production areas of about 300,000 square meters. Currently, it has a production capacity of around 25 assembly lines and is fully vertically integrated. The Group will carefully install new assembly lines at an appropriate pace to cater for the demand of additional production capacity. The automation in Qingyuan Industrial Estate will help in saving the costs in long term and it will bring synergies to the Group s existing production plants with benefits from its uprising economies of scale of production.
Ngai Lik s management works vigorously to pursue different measures to mitigate the negative impact arising from the increases in raw material prices. We will first streamline our corporate structure and operations in Hong Kong, Macau, Dongguan and Qingyuan to ensure business efficacy and operational efficiency. Certain operations will be consolidated and, in particular, the component manufacturing operations will be consolidated in the Qingyuan Industrial Estate.
Secondly, we will strengthen our product development team to review our product mix in a positive way. We have also increased our headcount in Hong Kong of about 8 engineers in the second half of FY 2005. Ngai Lik intends to reduce its reliance on the CD audio products which require higher plastic contents. Thirdly, after the rapid expansion in the capex in FY 2005, the Group is able to reduce the fixed assets additions in FY2006 and plans to control the expenditure below the level of HK$100 million. The Group is aiming to enhance its free cash flow for the coming year to further strengthen its financial 
Last but not least, the Group will actively promote its new MP3 and portable DVD players to its existing and potential customers. The launch of portable DVD players and higher value DVD related products is anticipated to provide better margin contributions for the Group in view of higher average selling prices to cover the relevant royalties.
Moreover, the Group s subsidiaries have already obtained relevant patents from Philips for the manufacturing of DVD recorders.
Maintaining good relations with customers will also ensure sizeable orders to maximize the usage of the Qingyuan Industrial Estate.
With the global trend of digitalization of consumer electronic products, the Group expects the sales of traditional audio products to decline in the future. Top line will be affected moderately and a drop of about 10% to 15% in sales of traditional audio products is anticipated for the coming year. In anticipation of this market trend, the Group will actively promote its new higher value digital products including a series of MP3 and portable DVD players to customers. The initial response from customers for these new products is positive. The Group aims to change the product mix and increase the sales of such digital products to not less than 10% of sales revenue in the immediate future. As such, the Group expects the FY2006 will be a year for product transition.
Looking ahead, the Group will try its utmost best to improve the position with its long-term mission to become a leading player in consumer electronic products market. The Group will expedite the pace of product launch to enhance its gross margin with an aim to improve profitability.
We are committed to the Group s long-term business development and strike for satisfactory return to shareholders.

Ngai Lik aims to maintain high level of corporate transparency. The Group has constant interaction and communication with shareholders, investors and media through different channels. The Group has gone beyond compliances and has volunteered to issue a business performance update in June 2005 in order to provide adequate disclosure to investors and to ensure that all of them will receive equal access to the same information.
The Group is pleased to see that its efforts in investor relations received high recognition from the financial community. The Group received the following honorable awards during the year: The Group was voted The Best Managed Company (Small Cap) in Hong Kong , in Asiamoney s Annual Best Managed Companies & Corporate Governance Poll. This regional award gives recognition to listed companies that have taken their corporate governance to a higher level.
Mr. Yeung Cheuk Kwong, the Group s executive director and chief financial officer, was named the 6th best CFO among 26 other peers from Asia by sell-side analysts in the 2004 Asia Investor Relations Perception Study conducted by the Institutional Investor Research Group .
Ngai Lik has been added as a constituent stock to the Morgan Stanley Capital International ( MSCI ) Hong Kong Small Cap Index, which is the most widely used international equity benchmark for 
As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group supports and has sponsored various social and community activities, mainly related to education and in helping the poor. The Group sponsored the Hong Kong Polytechnic University for its Preferred Graduate Development Programme for the years 2004 and 2005. This programme is aimed to offer opportunities for the students of Hong Kong Polytechnic University to put their knowledge into practice. The Group has provided the selected students on-the-job training during the summer. Donations worth of HK$1 million for FY 2005 were mainly made in support of different charitable organizations with due regard to the overall financial position of the Group.

As at 31 March 2005, the Group had approximately 167 employees in Hong Kong and Macau (31 March 2004: 157), approximately 25,500 employees in Dongguan, the PRC (31 March 2004: 29,000) and approximately 12,300 in Qingyuan, the PRC (31 March 2004: 5,800).
The increase in headcount in Qingyuan, PRC was a result of further expansion of its production capacity and its vertically integrated operations in the PRC. The remuneration packages are generally structured with reference to market conditions and the qualifications of the employees. The salaries and wages of the Group s employees are normally reviewed on an annual basis based on performance appraisals and other relevant factors. Bonuses are normally paid to the management, based on individual merits as well as the results from the respective companies with which the staff works for. Benefit plans for its Hong Kong staff include a provident fund scheme and medical and life insurance. The Company also maintains a share option scheme, under which options may be granted to employees to subscribe for shares in the Company. This share option scheme is designed to give employees an incentive to perform.

On behalf of the Board, I wish to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our management team and staff for their hard work and dedication in the past year. I also wish to thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers, bankers and business partners for their continued trust and support.
By order of the Board Lam Man Chan 
Hong Kong, 18 July 2005 