Chairlady s Statement 
On behalf of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited and its subsidiaries, I hereby present the annual results for the twelve months ended 30 June 2012. On behalf of the Board, I would also like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all shareholders and friends from various communities for their care extended to the development of the Group.
The industry has now reached the bottom of the market, and it is forecast to 
when entering into 
During the Year, economic conditions were extremely severe and complex both at home and abroad. The lingering European sovereign debt crisis has made the global market volatile, while the Chinese economy faced challenges in various aspects due to impacts arising from the external environment, austerity policy and changes in economic modes. Weak consumption and a continuously low market for the paper manufacturing industry have exerted the greatest pressure on the Group s operations ever since its founding, undermining its profi tability. Fortunately, amid the market downturn, the Group operated cautiously in all aspects, proactively implemented its strategic roadmap and drove product diversifi cation, realizing a sound growth in sales volume.
The balance between sales and production and normal inventory levels were maintained. All paper machines were operating well and ran at nearly full capacity.
During the Year, the Group focused on adjusting its raw material mix and optimizing its production cost structure, and has exercised stringent control on its costs and capital expenditure. The Group also took advantage of the downward trend of interest rates to optimize its debt portfolio and improve its gearing ratio. While operating in a cautious manner, the Group also persisted in the construction of high-quality new production facilities, thereby laying a solid foundation to capture the market recovery and expansion opportunities in the future.
During the Year, the Group s sales volume once again reached a record high of 8.90 million tonnes. Sales of the Group amounted to approximately RMB27.2 billion, representing an increase of approximately 11.4% as compared with the corresponding period last year.
Gross profi t amounted to approximately RMB4.3 billion, representing an increase of approximately 2.6% as compared with the corresponding period last year. Profi t attributable to equity holders amounted to approximately RMB1.4 billion, with basic earnings per share at approximately RMB0.3. The Board has recommended the distribution of a fi nal dividend of RMB5 cents per share.
As at 30 June 2012, the total design production capacity of the Group reached 11.45 million tpa, including seven paper machines that had completed construction or upgrading by the end of previous fi nancial year. These paper machines represent a total design production capacity of 2.63 million tpa. At present, these paper machines have all completed their optimization process, resulting in a more diversifi ed product mix for the Group.
The various new products were launched successfully in the market and were recognized and well-received by customers. Although in the current grim macroeconomic environment some of these products have not been able to promptly realize their advantages of higher profi tability, they will enable the Group s product portfolio to better materialize its profi t potential and increase investment returns when the market recovers.
During the Year, the Group carried on the construction of a number of new paper machines and the two new bases located in Quanzhou and Shenyang as planned, among which PM34 in Tianjin base has commenced production in July this year as scheduled and is now in smooth optimization process, adding an additional design production capacity of 550,000 tpa for coated duplex board, food grade and pharmaceutical grade white board products, and lifting the Group s total design production capacity to 12 million tpa.
With an increasing production capacity scale, the Group continues to increase its purchase of recovered paper. In terms of domestic recovered paper purchase, approximately 23% of the Group s total purchase of recovered paper was sourced in China during the Year.
Adhering to the philosophy of no environmental management, no paper making , and in line with the relevant policy of continuing to intensify and implement the requirements on environmental protection, energy conservation and emission reduction under the 12th 5-Year Program , the Group persistently strengthens its efforts on environmental protection and energy conservation. The Group has outperformed the standards required by the government in every key environmental parameter, and has been granted with various incentives by the government, maintaining its leading position in the industry. Under a diffi cult market condition and even more stringent requirements in environmental policy, it is expected that more small-to-medium production capacities will be eliminated, which in turn will be benefi cial to the Group in strengthening its competitive advantages.
In the aspect of capital management, as most of the new production capacity under the current stage of expansion plan has been completed and commenced production, capital expenditure has come down. As at 30 June 2012, the net debt to total equity ratio of the Group has decreased to 99.7%, which is expected to continue to improve year by year in the future. The Group has always maintained excellent relationship with the banks as well as a robust fi nancial position, providing strong funding support to its future business development. It is expected that interest rates in Mainland China may be lowered gradually and bank reserves may be relaxed, bringing more room for the Group to optimize its debt portfolio and effectively reduce its fi nance costs.
Outlook and Acknowledgement Looking into the future, it is expected that the global economy will continue to be volatile in the second half of 2012, while China will adopt a prudent approach in the easing of austerity measures. Hence, the Group will continue to operate in a cautious and conservative manner in the short run. However, a combined assessment of the trend of raw material prices and the current industry conditions makes me believe that the industry has now reached the bottom of the market, and it is forecast to rebound gradually when entering into 2013. With the Group s efforts in active production capacity expansion in the past few years, it will be able to further improve its operating results in various aspects, such as sales, market share and profi t.
Pursuant to the current capacity expansion plan, the Group expects to complete the construction and production commencement of a total of fi ve new paper machines successively within two years. They will all be completed by 2014. These paper machines include PM33 in Chongqing base for the production of coated duplex board, food grade and pharmaceutical grade white board, with a design production capacity of 550,000 tpa, and PM35 and PM36 in the new Quanzhou base and PM37 in the new Shenyang base for the production of linerboard products, with a total design production capacity of 1 million tpa. Leshan base will also enter the packaging paper market with the plan for PM39 with a design production capacity of 300,000 tpa for the production of high performance corrugating medium. The construction completion and production commencement of these fi ve new paper machines will further enlarge the Group s production capacity scale. By 2014, it is expected that the Group s total production capacity scale will be close to 14 million tpa, representing an increase of approximately another 21% from the total annual production capacity as at 30 June 2012. Apart from the fi ve new paper machines mentioned above, by 2015, with PM38 in the new Shenyang base planned to commence production by the end of the year, the Group s total production capacity will exceed 14 million tpa.
After rapid growth in the past few years, the Group has successfully stepped into a stage of steady development.
We shall continue to formulate our future business expansion plans based on the market supply and demand environment for each base and the Group s own resources, and continue to optimize our product portfolio while considering expansion beyond packaging paperboard into other paper types with market potential.
In line with such increase in scale, the Group will endeavour to elevate its profi tability progressively and reduce its debts, striving for better long-term investment return for its shareholders. On behalf of all members of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to the management and all the staff for their dedication to and the trust they have bestowed on ND Paper, as well as my appreciation for governments at all levels, investors, banks and business partners who have been supporting the Group all along.

Hong Kong, 25 September 2012 The Nine Dragons Culture: Respect and care for our staff; Refi nement and innovation in management; Perpetuating a brand that thrives for a century; Propagating the spirit of diligence.
