CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
Results of the Year
In 2016, a volatile world economy began
to show signs of a slow recovery. The
Chinese economy entered a new normal,
as it recorded GDP growth of 6.7% yearon-year.
With the supply-side structural
reform progressing at a steady pace,
further improvements were made to the
economic structure. The growth of the
tertiary and high-tech industry accelerated,
which provided fresh momentum for
a sustained and healthy future growth
of the economy. Natural gas became a
more economical choice compared with
the alternative energy, thanks to the gas
price cut in November 2015 and the
rebound in global oil prices. On top of
that, the Chinese government enacted 
more stringent environmental measures
and stepped up its drive to promote coalto-gas
and oil-to-gas conversion with a
view to improving air quality, which led to
sustained improvements in the downstream
gas demand. According to the National
Development and Reform Commission
(“NDRC”), China’s apparent natural gas
consumption amounted to 205.8 billion
cubic metres in 2016, representing a yearon-year
growth of 7%.
In the face of an ever-changing operating
environment, the Group stood by its
customer-oriented philosophy. Supported
by its excellent operation campaign and
driven by reforms and innovation, the
Group went all out to tap the potential of 
its traditional businesses. It fully leveraged
the internet and technological means to
vigorously develop new businesses. Thanks
to the concerted effort of its employees,
the Group achieved all the business goals
made at the beginning of the year. The
Group’s gas sales volume in 2016 reached
14,386 million cubic metres, representing
an increase of 27.2% year-on-year. Natural
gas sales volume in 2016 grew by 27.0% to
14,329 million cubic metres as compared
with last year. During the year, the Group
completed piped natural gas connection for
1,820,837 new residential households and
11,821 C/I customers (with total installed
designed daily capacity of 12,574,005
cubic metres for new C/I customers). As
of the end of 2016, the Group operated
a total of 320 CNG refuelling stations and
277 LNG refuelling stations respectively.
The Group was determined to expand the
scope of its operations by acquiring 8 new
projects and 12 new concessions nearby
existing projects during the year. As of the
end of 2016, projects of the Group in China
covered a connectable population of 77.42
million.
The Group also expanded into new
synergistic and value-added businesses.
During the year, the sales volume of the
Group’s energy trading business reached
3,037 million cubic metres, representing a
significant growth of 146.6% year-on-year.
Revenue of sales of other energy, such
as cooling, heating, steam and electricity,
amounted to RMB153 million, representing
a significant growth of 84.3% year-on-year.
The Group utilised its existing customer
base for the sales of gas appliances and
generated revenue of RMB238 million,
representing a significant increase of
72.5% year-on-year.
The Group also entered into long-term LNG
Sale and Purchase Agreements with Total,
Chevron Corporation and Origin Energy
Limited, pursuant to which it will import a
total of 1.43 million tonnes of LNG per year 
starting from 2018 or 2019. The Group
strategically secured certain LNG supplies
to provide long-term and stable support
to the Group’s core downstream business
development.
For the year ended 31 December 2016,
the Group’s turnover was RMB34,103
million, representing an increase of 6.4%
year-on-year. Gross profit margin and net
profit margin of the Group were 21.6% and
8.5% respectively, up 0.2 percentage point
and remain unchanged respectively over
last year.
Stripping out the impact of RMB1,061
million from the items in other gains and
losses and amortisation of share option
expenses, profit increased by 17.3%
compared to the corresponding period in
2015 to RMB3,212 million.
In recognition of the shareholders’ support
to the Company, the Board recommends
a final dividend of HK$0.83 (equivalent
to approximately RMB0.74) per share,
payable to shareholders registered in the
register of shareholders on 6 June 2017.
The total amount of dividend would be
approximately RMB799 million.
Stable and Sound Financial Position
As at 31 December 2016, the Group’s
total debts amounted to RMB16,791
million (2015: RMB15,680 million) and
bank balances and cash for the purpose
of computing net gearing ratio amounted
to RMB7,163 million (2015: RMB7,355
million). The Group’s net gearing ratio,
i.e., the ratio of net debt to total equity
(including non-controlling interests), was
53.9% (2015: 51.7%). In response to
the risk of RMB depreciation, the Group
early repaid a bank loan of USD114 million
(equivalent to approximately RMB739
million). Furthermore, the Group also
repurchased USD349 million in principal
amount of the USD715 million 6% senior
notes due 2021 in December 2016 and 
refinanced by RMB2.5 billion 3.55% bonds
with a tenure of three years. In addition,
the Company entered into structured
foreign currency forward contracts with
certain financial institutions to manage its
foreign currency risk, based on current
estimation, the foreign exchange exposure
substantially reduced from RMB9,293
million to RMB3,258 million. The Group
continued to maintain a sound financial
position during the year. The credit rating
agency Moody’s has maintained a Baa3
investment-grade rating and a “positive”
outlook on the Group. Meanwhile, Standard
& Poor’s and Fitch both maintained their
BBB investment-grade ratings and “stable”
outlook.
Establishing Customer-oriented and
Platform-based Organisation
In order to support the sustained growth of
the business in a market environment that
is changing all the time, and to enhance
the operational efficiency, the Group in
2016 hastened the pace of organisation
reform and built a customer-oriented and
platform-based organisation and operation
system. Centred around “self-organisation,
self-management, self-innovation and
self-motivation”, the Group advanced the
set up of a customer-oriented and selfmotivating
platform-based organisation.
The self-motivating mechanism that
“sets customers at the centre of business
and business at the centre of resources
allocation” was established preliminarily
with the aim of allocating resources
based on customers’ needs, and thus
increased customer satisfaction. The
operability of the smart enterprise was
forged with advanced internet technologies
– such as a sales operation platform, a
construction visualisation platform, an
integrated operation platform and a cloud
data platform. That way, resources were
allocated more efficiently, and costs
were better controlled with multi-channel 
interaction with customers. In 2016,
together with the growth of business,
the growth of distribution, selling and
administrative expenses was only 2.8%, a
significant drop of 8.2 percentage points as
compared with 2015.
Environmental, Social and
Governance (“ESG”)
For many years, the Group has
considered harmonious development
as its core values. It formulated a plan
for sustainable corporate growth and
adopted practical and effective measures.
It never let up in its efforts in such
areas as business development, safe
operations, environmental protection and
charity. In doing so, it achieved the goal
of a “harmonious coexistence of energy
development and the environment”.
The Group fully understands that the
sustainable development of ESG aspects
is crucial to its long term growth. For this
reason, it attaches great importance to
the social and environmental impact of its
operations and at the same time established
and optimised the operation system based
on “health, safety and environment”;
Production safety and staff health
awareness is emphasised at every phase
in the production and operation. Inspired
by the needs of the customer, the Group
never stops improving service awareness –
and thus customer satisfaction, and it also
gives back to society through charity and
voluntary activities. Adhering to its mission
of “promoting clean energy, improving
living environment, increasing system
efficiency, creating value for customers”,
the Group has built a modern energy
system that is clean, low carbon, safe and
efficient. Its ecological thinking centres
around conducting business in a green way
and conducting operations in a low-carbon
way, so as to minimise the impact of its
activities on the environment and natural
resources. In future, the Group will carry on 
listening to the stakeholders and continue
to enhance its ESG management with a
view to maximising the long-term interests
of itself and its shareholders, customers,
employers and society.
Awards
The Group received the following honours
in 2016:
➢ “2016 National May 1st Labour
Certificate” awarded by All-China
Federation of Trade Unions;
➢ “Best CFO” (ranked no.2 in power
sector) and “Best Analyst Day” (ranked
no.3 in power sector) in 2016 AllAsia
Executive Team Ranking by
Institutional Investor, a renowned
international financial magazine;
➢ “China Top 500 in 2016” by Fortune
Magazine; and
➢ “2015 Top 100 Listed Company in
Hong Kong” organised by QQ.com and
Finet.
The Group will spare no efforts to ensure
that investors, employees and members
of society can enjoy the fruits of its steady
business development and enhancement
of corporate governance.
Gas Industry Reform
In 2016, the Chinese government launched
various policies to speed up the gas market
reform, boost the development of the gas
market and set out clear targets. In terms
of price management, it published the
“Notice on Stricter Price Control for Local
Natural Gas Distribution and Reduction of
Gas Consumption Costs of Enterprises”.
The Notice proposed a comprehensive
price review of all sectors in the natural gas
industry, a reduction of the excessive cost
for provincial pipeline transmission and
distribution, a decrease in the number of
intermediaries and a standardisation of the
collection of charges. On the other hand, 
the “Interim Administrative Measures
for the Pricing of Natural Gas Pipeline
Transmission” and “Interim Supervising
Measures for the Cost Pricing of Natural
Gas Pipeline Transmission” stipulated
that the pipeline transmission price shall
be determined by the government with
a price cap, namely the sum of the cost
of the pipeline transmission service and
a permitted return based on a rate of
8% on top of the cost price and taxation.
The measures propose that the cap be
applied to the pipeline transmission fee
for a regulatory term of maximum three
years. In terms of market-oriented pricing,
the “Notice on Clarifying Issues Related to
Pricing Policy of Gas Storage Facilities” and
“Notice on Taking Forward Market-Oriented
Reform of Gas Pricing in the Chemical
Fertiliser Sector” expressly provide for the
full liberalisation of pricing of gas storage
service and natural gas consumption in
the chemical fertiliser sector. The “Notice
on Issues Related to Natural Gas City-Gate
Pricing in Fujian” proposes the trial marketoriented
price reform at Fujian natural
gas city-gate, where the price of West-toEast
transmission is subject to negotiation
between the suppliers and purchasers.
The “Notice on Information Disclosure of
Oil and Gas Pipeline Network Facilities”
requires oil and gas companies to disclose
information on oil and gas pipeline network
facilities and terminals, thereby providing
further policy support to speed up the
third party access of mid-stream facilities.
The recently published “Opinions on
Accelerating the Promotion of Natural Gas
Utilisation (for solicitation of opinions)”
and “The 13th Five-year Plan on Natural
Gas Development” served as the guiding
framework for the orderly and steady
development of the gas industry during
the period of the 13th Five-year Plan, in
which the government reiterates its target
for the share of natural gas in primary
energy consumption to reach 8 to 10% by
2020 and proposes a variety of measures
to boost downstream demand and intensify
industry reform.
In addition, as the Shanghai Petroleum
and Natural Gas Exchange commenced
operation on 26 November 2016 and the
Chongqing Petroleum and Natural Gas
Exchange was officially incorporated on
12 January 2017, the NDRC has taken an
important step forward to boost natural gas
trading and implement in-depth pricing
reform. Such move has not only helped
accelerate the setting of a fair market price
for natural gas and the creation of suitable
conditions for its liberalisation, but also
strengthened the global influence of the
domestic natural gas market, as its practice
was in line with that of the international
market. The Group is expected to secure
diversified gas sources for its business
development and at the same time
obtain market information and enhance
its influence in the industry through gas
trading on the exchanges.
The acceleration of gas industry reform
will be conducive to downstream market
demand and cost reduction of gas source.
It will also bring new business opportunities
that create synergy with existing core
businesses. The Group will continue
to make strategic plans in advance
based on the progress of the industry
and market reform and steadily pursue
business development by capitalising on
the competitive price of natural gas and
opportunities ushered in by policy support.
Outlook
Looking ahead, China will continue to
step up its supply-side structural reform
in 2017 while promoting the crafting of
an ecological civilisation and a green, lowcarbon
energy strategy. As a result, the
city-gas business, vehicle/ship refuelling
business and distributed energy business
all have room for growth. The Group will 
carry on developing its residential user
base and exploring the potential of C/I
customers in order to strengthen its citygas
business. It will improve its network
and adopt innovative measures to enhance
profitability of its vehicle/ship refuelling
business. It will continue to expand its
energy trading business and diversify
its sources of gas supply on the back of
its resources procurement capabilities
and various trading platforms – such
as the Company owned “Greatgas.cn”
and equity investment in the Shanghai
Petroleum and Natural Gas Exchange and
the Chongqing Petroleum and Natural
Gas Exchange. Seizing opportunities in
the reform of the electricity market and
leveraging the Group’s customer base in
the city-gas projects, the Group will push
forward its distributed energy business
and integrated energy sales business so as
to realise its transition and upgrade from
a gas distributor to an integrated energy
supplier. The Group is confident that it
can become a reputable integrated energy
supplier through innovations of its business
model and through upgrades to its pursuit
of excellent operational. It will not cease
to enhance its corporate value in order to
create better returns for its shareholders.
Acknowledgement
The Group’s persistent rapid growth
hinges on the continuous support from its
customers, business partners, shareholders
and its staff. On behalf of the board, I
would like to express my most sincere
gratitude to each of them.
Wang Yusuo
Chairman
21 March 2017