CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
WANG Yusuo Chairman 
WE ARE GAINING 
Results of the Year The year of 2012 was crucial to the implementation of China s 12th Five- Year Plan. Thanks to the concerted effort of its employees, the Group continued to maintain a substantial growth during the year in face of complicated macroeconomic condition and market environment.
The turnover and profit attributable to shareholders for the year reached RMB18,027 million and RMB1,482 million respectively, representing increases of 19.6% and 18.3% over last year, while the earnings per share increased by 16.8% to 
In 2012, the Group secured 7 city-gas projects in the first half of the year and another 9 projects in the second half of the year, including 6 city-gas projects namely Xinji, Lingshou, Wuji, Xingtang Development Zone, Luquan Green Island Development Zone of Hebei Province, Liling of Hunan Province and 3 industrial park projects in Jieshou Industrial Zone, Jiangmen Hecheng Town Zone and Panjin Chemical Enterprises Zone. As a result, the number of projects secured by the Group in China increased to 117, and the total connectable urban population coverage increased by 1.01 million to 55.52 million.
On the other hand, the Group continued to develop vehicle natural gas refuelling station business actively. During the year, 25 vehicle compressed natural gas ( CNG ) refuelling stations and 67 vehicle liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) refuelling stations were 
built and put into operation. As of the end of 2012, the total number of vehicle gas refuelling stations operated by the Group reached 330 and the volume of gas sold in the vehicle segment over the total volume of gas sold increased further to 14.5%.
The growth in vehicle gas sales volume not only reflected the potential for greater development in vehicle gas refuelling station business, but also further secured the Group s future revenue from gas sales.
During the year, the Group completed piped natural gas connections for 1,122,407 residential households and 7,300 commercialindustrial ( CI ) customers (with total installed designed daily capacity of 7,826,433 cubic meters). As of the end of 2012 the accumulated number of connected residential households and C I customers of natural gas were 7,720,152 and 30,597 (with total installed designed daily capacity of 33,382,200 cubic meters) respectively, while in terms of all piped gas users, the accumulated number of connected residential households and CI customers reached 7,785,098 and 30,741 (with total installed designed daily capacity of 33,422,696 cubic meters) respectively. The sales volume of natural gas for the year grew by 24.2% to 6,225 million cubic meters as compared with last year. Accordingly, the Group has not only reached but even exceeded its operational and financial performance goals set in early 2012. The Group s ability to maintain satisfactory growth fully demonstrated the 
robust business development of the Group, our strong execution ability in increasing gas penetration of our existing projects, as well as the immense demand for and growth potential of natural gas in China.

As at 31 December 2012, the Group s cash on hand was equivalent to RMB6,156 million (2011: RMB5,869 million), and the total debts amounted to RMB11,242 million (2011: RMB10,672 million). The net gearing ratio, i.e. the ratio of net debt to equity (including non-controlling interests), was 47.7% (2011: 54.3%). As the Group deepened the gas penetration of existing projects and expanded the vehicle gas refuelling station business, revenue from gas sales has become the major source of income for the Group, generating long- term and stable cash flow and allowing the Group to enjoy stable financial resources to pursue sustainable development.

During the year, we continued to foster the construction of information infrastructures and realised the online system for sales operation management, the construction of LNG refuelling stations and implemented the pilot plan of smart card throughout the country. Also, we promoted and implemented different modules in various corporations, including the system for allocation platform, enterprise resource planning, customer care and service, personal digital assistant, maintenance 
of equipment and customer relationship management. Thus the efficiency and effectiveness of information processing was greatly improved. Meanwhile, the operational efficiency of the system was significantly enhanced through our continual efforts in system optimisation, enhancing the operational efficiency, launching activities of leading enterprises and deepening the application of data analysis. Furthermore, the business risks could be mitigated through strengthening the management of information security and fully investigating and addressing every hidden defect of the system.
In 2012, with the continuous use of innovative management tools like balanced scorecard, the Group formulated a market and strategic performance optimisation solution and implemented it in different planning segments such as the annual strategic conference, annual business goal and financial budget planning, so as to ensure that the Group s strategies were effectively delivered to subsidiaries for implementation and to optimise resource allocation according to the market and 
The Group has always regarded safe operation as the lifeline of corporate development and continued to maintain a good record of safe operation in 2012.
During the year, the Group continued to establish the health, safety and environmental management system as well as the 3-No Campaign (no accidents, no personal injuries and no harmful acts to the environment). Meanwhile, the quality of safe management was fully improved through establishing safe management system; promoting and implementing star rating of corporate safety; the accreditation of staff responsible for safe operation; taking actions against the 3-Breaches (i.e. breach of supervision regulations, breach of operation regulations and breach of labor discipline) and supervising various 
hidden dangers very seriously. Moreover, for the purpose of supporting the rapid development of the Group s gas supply facilities and customer base, improving the professional qualifications and expertise of employees and providing better customer services, the Group insisted on carrying out the accreditation of the technical qualifications of relevant employees. As of the end of 2012, the number of recognised employees was added to a total of over 7,000, ensuring the safe operation of the 
After three years endeavor, the establishment of our service system was strengthened significantly. As of the end of 2012, we set up a comprehensive service quality monitoring and evaluation system under which an evaluation model on overall service quality has been effectively applied in the service performance management of all subsidiaries, enabling accurate and timely feedback on the service quality from each of them. The successful implementation of the service improvement through-train project resulted in 30 improvements achieved in the year, including the establishment and commencement of operation of 7 call centers, 4 corporate management centers and 1 recovery centre available for all customers. At the same time, the Group will improve the call centre operation and management system according to the International Customer Operations Performance Centre (COPC) standards, such that the professional management level and service capability of the Group can be enhanced. In February 2013, we passed the accreditation of COPC and thus became the first domestic call centre in the energy industry accredited by the COPC as well as the second domestic call centre which received the international accreditation from COPC simultaneously. In addition, since the launch of our three-year service campaign for our customers, there was a steady improvement in the quality 
of our services, as revealed by the Group s scores of 86.2, 87.7 and 89.2 points in the ENN Energy customer satisfaction evaluation done by a third party company.

During the year, the Company has received a number of honours. In the first half of the year, we were honoured to be voted as the Best CEOs (Rank No. 1), the Best CFOs (Rank No. 1) and the Best Investor Relations (Rank No. 2) under the category of power sector in Asia in The 2012 All- Asia Executive Team organised by the Institutional Investor. Also, we received four honourable titles, namely, China s Best Service Management , China s Best Sales Office , China s Outstanding Customer Service Representative and China s Best Customer Service Manager in the Best Customer Service in China Award. In addition, Transformation in China: Pioneer Enterprise in Promoting Low-Carbon Economy was awarded to the Company and Transformation in China: Personal Outstanding Contribution was awarded to our Chief Executive Officer by the China Enterprises Co-Association and the Organising Committee of the Development of Non-Public Enterprises Forum. Apart from these, we were again voted as one of the China s Most Promising Companies 2012 by The Asset and 2012 Asia s Fab 50 by Forbes Asia.
Our management team will continue to devote all our efforts to maintain this hard- earned achievement and continue to reach for higher accomplishments and honours.

As of the end of 2012, the Group had 23,771 employees (2011: 21,575 employees). In addition to accommodating the increasing number of energy-saving and emission reduction projects and vehicle gas refuelling station projects, the Group also increased its manpower to meet 
the demand arising from its other core 
The Group has always adhered to its principle of people-oriented and considered talents as the vital source of our competitiveness and an indispensable factor for our future success and sustainable development. We believe that staff could provide satisfactory services to customers only if they are offered the opportunity of healthy development.
In 2012, the Group continued to facilitate the training system for young management and program of masters of engineering. As of the end of 2012, the Group nurtured a group of 44 outstanding young employees to be the future leaders. Fifteen of them have been promoted as leaders after a series of stringent trainings such as knowledge-based and special theoretical modules, on-the-job training and regular comprehensive evaluation. During the year, 57 excellent employees were also shortlisted by the Group to pursue further study and receive training in famous colleges in China or overseas under the program of masters of engineering.
To better implement its principles of creating and sharing values jointly and focus on the long-term development, commencing 2012, the Group successfully introduced an incentive mechanism under which Economic Value Added (EVA) became a major value measurement to evaluate the performance target and was directly linked to the year-end bonus.
This mechanism was implemented in 11 subsidiaries on a trial basis. Due to positive outcomes, the scope of pilot test will be further expanded and the mechanism will be promoted to more subsidiaries in 2013.

Energy, an essence for the human beings survival and development, is of vital importance to the national economy, the people s livelihood and the national defense. To change the way of producing 
and using energy, adjust and enhance energy structure and to build a safe, stable, economical and clean energy-driven production system is strategically important to ensure that the economy and society can develop in a sustainable manner.
The year of 2012 was critical to the 12th Five-Year Plan, during which the economy gradually recovered and energy consumption continued to rise. According to the 2012 Domestic Economy and Social Development Statistics Report of the People s Republic of China, the total energy consumption in 2012 amounted to 3.62 billion tons of standard coal, up 3.9% over last year. The national energy consumption per unit of gross domestic product in ten- thousand dollars decreased by 3.6%.
Under current energy consumption structure, carbon dioxide and sulphur dioxide emissions are amongst the highest in the world, severely impacted on China s environment. We are facing the urgency for energy saving and emission reduction.
China has a coal-based energy structure and adopts extensive development and utilisation models, which exert immense pressure on the resources and the environment. In addition to an area of 1.2 million square kilometers being affected by acid rain, enormous water resources are consumed or polluted while the land is occupied and defiled due to the huge volume of shale. All these send China to the top rank of the world in terms of major pollutants and greenhouse gas emission.
Apparently, our ecological environment can hardly afford such coal-based development anymore. In face of the increasing international pressure as a result of climate change, China has a pressing need for green transformation and development.
Second, China continues to adopt the extensive development model and there is a pressing need for enhancement on the efficiency of energy consumption. While the development of China s service industry is far lagging behind, the low end and energy- 
intensive industry is disproportionately overdeveloped skewing towards energy- intensive industries, namely, steel, non- ferrous metals, construction materials and chemicals which represent approximately half of the total energy consumption and have high consumption level per unit of output. Energy consumption per capita in China has reached the world average, while the GDP per capita however was just half of the global level. In terms of energy consumption per unit of GDP, not only has China outdistanced the developed countries, but also beat other developing countries like Brazil and Mexico. The fact that the efficiency remains low is attributable to China s current development stage and the role she plays in international division of labour. It highlights China s problems such as adopting an extensive development model and unreasonable industry structure. In light of such issues, China is crying out for the implementation of dual control measures on both energy consumption and total consumption which forms a reversal mechanism and in turn strives to gain substantive progress in changing energy usage and adjusting 
The coal-based energy structure has resulted in escalating tension between energy needs and the pressure on the environment, and energy consumption pattern should be optimised urgently to promote the development and use of natural gas and other kinds of clean energy. Not only will this save energy and reduce emission, it is also the right strategy for China to achieve sustainable economic development. In the 12th Five-Year Plan for Energy Development promulgated by the PRC government on 1 January 2013, it expressly suggests that diversified development shall be an ongoing program.
Initiatives should be made to increase the proportion of clean-and-low-carbon fossil fuel and non-fossil fuel while efforts should also be put in promoting cleaner 
and more efficient use of coal, substituting conventional energy, speeding up the process of modifying energy production and consumption structure. Meanwhile, the PRC government will uphold the ideal of low-carbon development by advocating environmental protection while striving to strike a balance between resources development and environmental protection.
By doing so, we may create a win-win situation which allows us to achieve the objectives of environmental protection and development simultaneously, and develop an ecologically friendly energy structure.
Currently, natural gas accounts for 4.6% of China s primary energy consumption, quite a distance between the international average (23.8%). It is believed that the expanding urbanisation rate and the growing urban population size will add fuel to the demand for natural gas. By fostering the development of natural gas and raising the proportion of natural gas in China s primary energy consumption structure, China may effectively reduce the emission of carbon dioxide and fine particulate matter (PM2.5) and succeed in saving energy, reducing emissions and improving environment. The measures above represent a realistic approach for China to optimize and adjust energy structure while at the same time strengthens the citizens consciousness on the urgency of energy saving and emission reduction.
Over the recent years, with the Chinese energy policies gradually taking place, considerable progress has been made in the areas of natural gas production and infrastructure construction. In 2012, the production volume of natural gas in China reached 107.7 billion cubic meters, an increase of 6.5% year-on-year. It is expected that the domestic natural gas supplies will reach 176.0 billion cubic meters by 2015, among which conventional natural gas accounts to approximately 138.5 billion cubic meters; coal gas ranges 
from 15.0 to 18.0 billion cubic meters; and gas developed from coal bed accounts to approximately 16.0 billion cubic meters.
Particularly, China has an abundant reserve of shale gas. According to the plan of the Chinese government, by 2015, the proven reserves, recoverable reserves and production volume of shale gas will amount to 600 billion cubic meters, 200 billion cubic meters and 6.5 billion cubic meters respectively. By that time, China will have completed the nationwide review and evaluation in respect of the potential shale gas resources and will have acquired the core technology for exploring and developing shale gas. In the meantime, pursuant to the signed contracts, China s imported natural gas per annum will reach approximately 93.5 billion cubic meters by 2015. With respect to infrastructure, the national natural gas pipeline network has fallen into place. The West-East Pipeline II, which has an annual transmission capacity of 30 billion cubic meters, has come into full operation and started supplying gas during the year while the import LNG terminals at Ningbo, Zhejiang, with a capacity of 3.0 million tons has also gone online. This has basically formed a natural gas supply network that extends from west to east, north to south and the coasted areas to mainland. According to the plan of the Chinese government, during the 12th Five-Year period, the newly built natural gas pipelines (including branch lines) will reach 44,000 km and the transmission capacity of the newly built pipelines will reach approximately 150 billion cubic meters per year. The capacity of gas storage facilities will reach more than 20 billion cubic meters and account for 9% of the total natural gas consumption in 2015.
The storage capacity for peak shaving and emergency needs will reach 1.5 billion cubic meters. At the end of the 12th Five- Year period, the network of pipelines consisting of West-to-East Pipelines, Sichuan-East Pipeline, Shaanxi-Beijing 
Pipelines and amid the coastal areas will be initially formed and connecting the nationwide trunk pipeline network of four major strategic import channels, major production areas, consumption areas and gas storage facilities, thus forming a gas supply landscape of multi-gas supply, multi-way peak shaving and seamless supply. By then, the natural gas penetration population will reach approximately 250 million or 18% of the total population. The construction of these facilities will ensure the use of natural gas in future.
To increase the efficiency of integrated energy utilisation, facilitate the development of emerging strategic industries, and promote energy production and usage patterns, the Chinese government plans to put extra efforts in promoting the construction of distributed energy demonstration project of natural gas during the period of the 12th Five-Year Plan.
Also, the Chinese government intends to construct a regional distributed energy system and distributed energy system for buildings within the heavy loaded areas such as industrial park, tourist spots, ecological park and large-scale commercial facilities, while constructing integrated energy utilisation projects in the geologically favorable areas with renewable energy like solar energy, wind power and geothermal heat pumps. By 2015, around 1,000 natural gas distributed energy projects and about 10 natural gas distributed energy demonstration projects with different individual features will be constructed. During that period, we will also develop the main equipment of natural gas distributed energy which initially creates a system for the distributed energy equipment industry with our own patent.
To realise the long-term rapid development, the Group continues to innovate its business model and becomes a leading player in this sector. During the year, our multi-generation projects cooperated with 
Changsha Huanghua Airport have operated steadily and obtained the business license for power generation. Moreover, we commenced the construction of the projects of Zhuzhou Shennong Cultural Park and the Sino-German Ecopark, and executed the contracts of projects including Yancheng Tinghu Hospital, Shijiazhuang Zhengding Airport, Zhaoqing New Zone, Langfang Cloud Computing Data Centre and Zhuzhou Vocational Education Town.
According to the plan of the Chinese government, industrialization, urbanisation and green development will be the main theme during the period of the 12th Five- Year Plan and even in the coming decade for the national economic development.
Meanwhile, in view of challenging situations such as constraints of resources, serious environmental pollution and the deterioration of ecosystem, we were dedicated to develop the green, recycling and low-carbon environment so as to build up a better country. In the course of transformation, natural gas is one of the low-carbon, economical, efficient and clean energies through a decade of development, China has built up a relatively comprehensive infrastructure and accumulated extensive experience in natural gas distribution. With its relatively matured development, the natural gas industry has promising prospect in terms of the scope and scale of application.
Riding on this great opportunity, the Group will make significant contribution to environmental protection and energy sectors both within and beyond the country, while realizing the best interests 
of the shareholders, customers, staff, society and the corporate in the long run.
Leveraging on the continuous support from our business partners, customers and shareholders as well as the excellent services provided by all staff, we are able to achieve various business targets. On behalf of the board, I would like to express my deepest thanks and gratitude to each of 
26 March 2013 