As the largest containerboard manufacturer in Asia. ND Paper has grasped opportuni? es arising from the industry recovery and recorded progressive growth in its business results and steady opera? ons by leveraging on its robust strength and visionary 
On behalf of Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited and its subsidiaries, I hereby present the annual results for the 12 months ended 30 June 2010 (the Year ). On behalf of the Board, I would also like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all shareholders and friends from various communities for their care extended to 
Reviewing the past year, as a result of the gradual recovery of the global economy, the paper industry also recovered from its trough at the end of 2008 but was faced with the European sovereign credit crisis and the PRC tightening property measures during the second quarter of 2010. Although such two factors did not have a direct impact on the domestic demand for packaging paperboard products in China, the market became cautious and conservative in the short term, which caused a small impact on the Group s sales volume. Nevertheless, driven by the continuous efforts of the PRC government to stimulate domestic demand and the continued improvement of standards of living among PRC people, the demand for packaging paperboard products from various sectors will remain increasingly buoyant. As the largest containerboard manufacturer in Asia, ND Paper has grasped opportunities arising from the industry recovery and recorded progressive growth in its business results and steady operations by leveraging on its robust strength and visionary development strategies. It also actively expanded its production capacity to fulfill the increasing products demand from various market regions in order to fully unleash its future profit potential. At present, the Group has a total design production capacity of 8.82 million tpa. Domestic sales continued to grow steadily, accounting for 83.9% of the total sales. It is expected that the total design production capacity of the Group will exceed 10 million tpa by June 2011, making it the largest packaging paperboard manufacturer in the world, which represents a new milestone in the course of the Group s development.
In face of the fluctuations in recovered paper prices in the international market, the Group maintained its recovered paper inventory at reasonably low levels which was enabled by the close cooperation among its procurement, logistics and production functions. At the same time, the Group accelerated and increased the purchase volume of domestic recovered paper. As a result, the Group has strengthened its ability of passing recovered paper price fluctuations to its customers in a timely manner, and achieved steady profit growth.
During the Year, domestic recovered paper accounted for approximately 23% of the Group s recovered paper purchase, with Taicang base achieving 27% and over 50% in Chongqing and Tianjin bases already.
As the market continues to mature and domestic demand growth is sustained, the purchase volume of domestic recovered paper will be increased each year according to the prices between domestic and imported recovered paper. It is expected that the proportion of domestic recovered paper purchased by the Group will exceed 30% by the end of 2010.
For exports, due to the temporary slowdown in the economic recovery in Europe and the US and market uncertainties, the Group will adopt a prudent but positive attitude, making use of its leading industry position to seize market opportunities, in order to further enhance the Group s performance when improvements in the export market become more apparent.
FOCUS ON ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AND THE OPPORTUNITIES ARISING FROM INDUSTRY CONSOLIDATION While our scale continues to expand and our leading position is becoming increasingly solid, the Group has been actively pursuing its environmental protection endeavour. China attached high importance to environmental protection, energy conservation and emission reduction. The targets of phasing out over 4 million tpa of non-compliant paper production capacity by the end of September 2010, and carbon emission reduction by 40%-45% by 2020 have been clearly stated by the government. A series of measures have been adopted to encourage the integration of enterprises and the closure of non-compliant medium- and small-sized paper manufacturers so as to improve the overall disciplines of the industry. Owing to the government s determination to implement various energy-saving, emission reduction and production restriction measures, market consolidation is expected to accelerate significantly. The substantial sales volume increase of the Group observed in July and August 2010 reflected the effects of such market consolidation driven by the environmental policies of the PRC government.
Under its persistent commitment on sustainable development and the strengthening of enterprise environmental protection management, all of the Group s key environmental indicators outperformed industry averages. Being an enterprise highly conscious of its social responsibilities, ND Paper has always adhered to its philosophy of no environment, no paper and consecutively received environmental protection awards and accolades, gaining the recognition and endorsement from the government and the community.
For example, Dongguan base passed the state energy saving assessment again and received a range of government incentives. It was consecutively granted the Green Enterprise Management Award . In addition, it was named as the Harmonious Labor Relations Enterprise in the PRC Paper Industry and Top 10 Enterprises in the PRC Light Industry Paper Sector for 2009 by China Paper Association. Besides, it was also accredited as National High and New-tech Enterprise and Guangdong Famous Brand , reinforcing its community image as an enterprise of excellence.
CONTINUED TO MAINTAIN A SOUND FINANCIAL POSITION During the Year, the Group continued to maintain a healthy and stable financial position, with sales, gross profit and profit attributable to shareholders all broken their records in past financial years. Sales amounted to approximately RMB17.95 billion, representing an increase of approximately 36.7% compared with the last financial year. Gross profit amounted to approximately RMB3.91 billion, representing an increase of approximately 60.3% compared with the last financial year. Profit attributable to shareholders of the Group was approximately RMB2.17 billion, and basic earnings per share were approximately RMB0.48. The board of directors has resolved to recommend a final dividend of RMB10.0 cents per share.
With respect to capital management, the Group successfully completed a share placing in October 2009, further strengthening its financial position, providing strong support for the Group s business development and increasing its ability to capture future market opportunities. As at 30 June 2010, the Group had bank and cash balances of approximately RMB2.34 billion. At the same time, the Group actively optimized its debt portfolio, with undrawn bank credit facilities of over RMB14.02 billion. This not only demonstrates the support from the banking sector on ND Paper, it also reflects the full understanding and positive attitude of the banking sector on the Group s development prospects and future potentials, which further endorses the Group s leading position in the paper industry.
As at 30 June 2010, the Group s net debt to total equity ratio was approximately 73.9%, which was substantially lower than the ratio of 82.4% as at 30 June 2009.
COMPREHENSIVE AND PROACTIVE EXPANSION PLAN Over the years, the Group has actively seized market opportunities and implemented targeted measures effectively to achieve profit growth. The Group emphasied on the balance between resources allocation and return, making use of its available resources to maximize investment returns, whilst persisted to enhance production efficiency. Currently, the Group has expansion and upgrading plans in its bases in Dongguan, Taicang, Chongqing, Tianjin and Leshan. In addition to further expanding production scale, consolidating its existing leading position and enlarging markets shares, these plans can also significantly increase product diversification and the proportion of high margin products, including coated duplex board, coated linerboard, white board and recycled printing and writing paper. This will not only substantially enhance its profitability in the future, but also strengthen the Group s ability of risk resistance in times of market adversity. Besides, the Group has decided to set up a new paper manufacturing base in Quanzhou, Fujian Province. Meanwhile, the Group also plans to develop in the Hunan and northeastern markets to capture the market opportunities from the increasingly matured local manufacturing supply chain and fast growing packaging paperboard demand in these regions. It is expected that, by 2012, the Group will have a total design production capacity of over 12 million tpa. Our target is to become the world s largest paper manufacturer by 2014 to 2015.
SOUND CORPORATE CULTURE AND HUMANISTIC MANAGEMENT CONCEPT Enjoying the advantages of an industry leader, ND Paper has been growing steadily over the years leveraging on its sound corporate culture and humanistic management philosophy. The Group is not just a trusted partner of its suppliers and customers, it is also a big warm family for its employees, as fully reflected in its humanistic corporate management concept. At the same time, the Group is committed to fulfilling its social responsibilities and emphasis has always been placed on giving back to the community. For example, the Group donated RMB10 million for earthquake disaster relief in Yushu, Qinghai Province and pledged RMB10.2 million on the first fundraising day for the underprivileged in Guangdong. The effective implementation of the above has not only fostered the Group s industry leading position in terms of scale, but also made the Group a role model in the industry.

Looking ahead, the recovery of the global economy and the promulgation of state policies to stimulate domestic demand and environmental protection will bring vast opportunities to large-scale paper manufacturers, which are believed to exhibit more strongly in 2011, further boosting our confidence. The Group will, based on demand and actual circumstances in the market, continue to utilize the solid foundation of our four major strategic bases in Dongguan, Taicang, Chongqing and Tianjin, extensive management experience and abundant financial resources to implement plans for new products, new capacities and new bases in a flexible and prudent manner, enabling our investors to visualize the strengths that have been established by the Group over the years and the future development potential. At the same time the Group will continue to put heavy emphasis on employee development, maintaining the excellent tradition and diligent spirit of Nine Dragons People and focus on our industry, building a Brand of Perpetuity for Nine Dragons Paper. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our management, all our staff, governments at all levels, investors, banks and our business partners who have been supporting us all the time! 
Hong Kong, 27 September 2010 