CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Still, 2010 will be a challenging year. However, at the same time, I see 
opportunities ahead in the clean energy market and 
potentials in this industry.
Our key objective in 2010 is to formulate innovative ideas and grasp the opportunity to speed up our business development, so that the Group s strategy can be fully 
The consistent rapid growth in China economy will stimulate the continuously growing demand in energy.
The continuous industrialisation and urbanisation have provided opportunity for the expansion of our distribution network.
The PRC government s plans to substantially lower the carbon emission level has brought even more opportunities for natural gas utilisation.
The significant investment by the PRC government in developing natural gas infrastructure has further secured the source for natural gas supply.

Results of the Year In 2009, the global financial crisis has exerted significant negative impacts on the economy. However, thanks to the employees of the Group who have showed indomitable spirit and worked as one to devote their efforts, the Group was able to fight against the crisis and continued to record substantial growth in its results during the year, maintaining the trend of encouraging performance as in previous years. The revenue and profit attributable to owners of the Company for the year reached RMB8,412,880,000 and RMB800,634,000 respectively, representing increases of 1.8% and 26.9% over last year respectively, while the earnings per share increased by 24.0% to 
This year, the Group secured 7 new piped gas projects in Guangdong, Fujian, Hebei, Henan, Zhejiang, Hunan and Jiangxi respectively. As a result, the number of secured projects by the Group in China increased to 79, and the total connectable urban population coverage increased by 1,921,000 to 43,565,000.
On the other hand, the Group continued its efforts in developing vehicle refuelling station business. During the year, 34 new vehicle refuelling stations were built and put into operation. As of the end of 2009, the number of vehicle refuelling stations operated by the Group reached 162 and the volume of gas sold in the vehicle segment over the total volume of gas sold increased further to 13.2%. The growth in 
vehicle gas sales volume not only reflected the potential for greater development in gas refuelling station business but also further secured the Group s future revenue from 
During the year, the Group completed piped natural gas connections to 788,281 residential households and 2,715 commercialindustrial ( CI ) customers (connected to gas appliances with total installed designed daily capacity of 3,961,090 cubic meters). As of the end of 2009, the accumulated number of residential households and CI customers of natural gas were 4,536,753 and 13,583 (connected to gas appliances with a total installed designed daily capacity of 13,024,142 cubic meters) respectively, 
while in terms of all piped gas users, the accumulated number of residential households and CI customers reached 4,706,663 and 14,020 (connected to gas appliances with a total installed designed daily capacity of 13,486,437 cubic meters) respectively. The sales volume of natural gas for the year grew rapidly by 19.6% as compared with last year to 2,631,502,000 cubic meters. The Group s ability to achieve such impressive results and maintain satisfactory growth under the negative impact of the worst global financial crisis ever fully demonstrated the benefits of the economies of scale, the robust business development of the Group, as well as our strong execution ability in vigorously raising the penetration rate of our existing gas 
As of the end of 2009, the Group s cash on hand was equivalent to RMB2,712,661,000 (2008: RMB1,725,358,000), and its total debts was equivalent to RMB5,884,509,000 (2008: RMB5,403,140,000). Its net gearing ratio, i.e. the ratio of net debt to equity (including minority interests), was 49.0% (2008: 67.6%). With the Group s efforts in vigorously raising the penetration rate of existing projects and expanding the business of vehicle gas refuelling stations, revenue from gas sales has become the major source of income for the Group.
Such optimised revenue structure has been creating long-term and stable cash flow for the Group, and thus allowing the Group to enjoy sufficient financial resources to pursue sustainable development.

During the year, the informatisation program has been carried out and promoted in full swing, leading to a significant enhancement in the operational efficiency. Meanwhile, to realise the strategies of the Group, improvements in information systems and functions of the information modules were made based on the customers-needs-oriented and priority in operational efficiency principle.
As such, an information system for the purpose of strategic performance was built during the year, realising the real-time online integration of different categories of business figures. On the other hand, the Group has developed an online business platform exclusively for its senior management on which various categories of business figures and the corresponding analysis reports are accessible by the management at anytime. Such platform has also enabled performance review meetings to be conducted with access to real-time figures online. As a result, the benefit of high efficiency brought by informatisation has established a strong foundation to support the decisions of the Group. During the year, the Group continued to further the application of strategic performance management system in all group companies. With the use of refined management tools such as balanced scorecard, strategies of the Group were passed on from upper levels to each employee who was then required to submit action plans according to the strategy of the organisation such employee 
works in. Appraisals would also be done on the actual results of the work compared with the employee s own action plan.
This guaranteed consistency of goals between organisation level and individual level, ensured speedy conveying and effective implementation of the Group s strategies, and also greatly enhanced the capability of staff. In light of the outstanding achievement in implementing informatisation, the Group received the honor of Achievement in Promoting Informatisation by Major Company together with seven renowned corporations in the Top 500 in Informatisation 2008 organised by the National Informatisation Evaluation Center during the year. The Group has also won the award Best Management and Application of Customers Relations on its own.

In 2009, in recognition of our excellent financial performance, prominent position in the industry, well-developed business models, enormous potential for growth and distinguished corporate governance, the Company was ranked number one by the famous financial magazine The Asset as China s Most Promising Companies 2009 for the power and utilities sector.
On the other hand, our annual report was again awarded Gold, Annual Reports: Energy by the Annual International Galaxy Awards. We also received the honor of Citation for Design, The Best Annual Reports Awards for year 2009 from the Hong Kong Management Association.

These remarkable achievements fully evidenced the timely and accurate disclosure of information with detailed contents in our annual reports, and our efficient communication with our 
In order to keep up these hard-won achievements, the management of the Group will continue to devote their best efforts to attain even more fruitful results and honors in the future.

As at the end of 2009, the Group had 16,856 employees (2008: 15,776 employees). Besides the increasing number of gas projects, another reason the Group increased its manpower was to meet the demand arising from normal business 
The Group has always adhered to its principle of people-oriented and considered talents as the vital source of our competitiveness and an indispensable factor for our future success and sustainable development. We believe that, staff could provide satisfactory services to customers only if they are offered the opportunity of healthy development.
We always regard our staff as our most valuable assets and the executors for realising the Group s strategies. Therefore, we have always attached importance to recruitment and internal training and offered learning and studying opportunities to employees as a kind of benefits and 
rewards. Employees are encouraged to pursue lifelong learning, and we would also formulate practical and tailor-made career development plans and create open career paths for them. By doing so, the personal growth of staff is closely associated with the growth of the organisation, which ensures an adequate talent pool for the Group s future sustainable healthy development.
In addition, through position restructuring and ability enhancement programs, the Group has established a capability-based human resources system in line with the Group s strategies which will continuously enhance the capability of staff and provide necessary support for the organisation, thereby ensuring that the targets of the Group can be achieved.

In 2009, the global financial crisis that hit the world has affected the real economy of different sectors in China to different extents. However, by maximising the advantage of the industry, and its own strengths in business scale, operation models and good management, the Group, with collective efforts from its employees, was able to step out from the crisis and achieve sustained rapid growth for its year-end results. The Chinese government has gradually regulated the economic structure, encouraged other modes of growth and insisted on attaining development in an economic, clean and safe manner. It has also paid a great deal 
of efforts in establishing an resources saving and environmental friendly society.
Such change in mode of development has created the most tremendous opportunities for the natural gas industry ever.
In the past decades, human has been in pursuit of economic growth at the expense of the natural environment. They were hurting the environment so hard that it has already posed a threat to the daily lives of human being. After the Kyoto Protocol entered into force in 2004, awareness on environmental protection has received general recognition from different countries in the world. This can be evidenced by the Copenhagen Conference held during the year on which the climate issue has once again become a global concern. For the purpose of encouraging sustainable harmonic development between human being and natural environment, building a low-carbon economy with low energy consumption, low pollution level and low emission rate is a way to achieve the goal in terms of scientific development as it harmonises economic growth and environmental friendliness, and is therefore being widely promoted by different countries over the world. Meanwhile, given the current position of energy resources, promoting the use of natural gas is one of the best options for building a low-carbon economy. Being known as green energy , natural gas is a high quality fuel which is clean and highly efficient. According to measures and calculation, the volume 
of carbon dioxide released from burning of petroleum and natural gas with the same level of calorific value is 22% and 41% lower than that of coal respectively.
Currently, natural gas is generally considered as one of the major forms of clean energy in the 21st century that is able to satisfy the demand for energy resources, improve the energy structure and protect the atmosphere. As such, the use of natural gas, together with other kinds of green energy such as solar energy and wind power, is becoming a popular trend for development.
During the year, following the phase-by- phase completion and commencement of operation of the western section of the West-East Pipeline II and part of the Sichuan-East Pipeline, the growing demand for natural gas has received strong support and the large excess in demand has also been greatly relieved.
At the moment, the national natural gas pipeline network in China, which is fundamentally formed by the West- East Pipeline, Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline I and II, Zhong-Wu Pipeline, Sebei-Xining- Lanzhou Pipeline, as well as two branch pipelines named Hebei-Nanjing Pipeline and Huai-Wu Pipeline, has been basically completed. The western section and part of the eastern section of the West-East Pipeline II and the Sichuan-East Pipeline are expected to come into full operation in 2010, hence further strengthening the annual transportation capacity of natural gas. In addition, according to the schedule of the Chinese government, 17 natural gas pipeline projects including West- 
East Pipeline IV, China-Myanmar Pipeline and Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline III will be completed and launched one by one by the end of 2015, while at the same time more and more import LNG terminals will be built along the coast. The real network era for the natural gas industry will begin by then. On the other hand, although the consumption of natural gas is rising rapidly given the overwhelming demand, the gas reserve and facilities for peak time usage adjustments are still very insufficient.
In 2010, the Chinese government will accelerate the pace of planning and kick off the construction of numerous natural gas storage facilities according to the seasonal consumption of natural gas, so that the peak time usage adjustments during the peak season in winter will be enhanced.
Besides the increase in natural gas supply resulted from the construction of the nation- wide natural gas pipeline network, we have also adopted the strategy of diversified energy supply. The coal chemical project in Inner Mongolia invested by the Group in 2006 has been put into production as scheduled during the year and is running smoothly as expected. In addition, the other two liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) projects in Jincheng, Shanxi and Yinchuan, Ningxia invested by the Group have also been launched and begun production during the year, with a daily LNG supply capacity of 900,000 cubic meters. Together with the Group s LNG projects in Beihai, Guangxi which was completed and launched earlier, the aggregate annual supply capacity of these projects will reach approximately 400 million cubic meters, thereby further 
improving the gas supply capability of the Group and securing more sufficient energy supply for its market development.
The global financial tsunami arose during the year has affected the economy.
However, by fully utilising its good management quality, the Group was still able to strengthen its cost control and devote more resources in expanding the market. As a result, various business targets were achieved successfully or even exceeded the expectations, reflecting the Group s ability to cope with risks and 
In 2010, in light of the gradual recovery of the global economy, in particular the continuous growth in the economy of China, the Group will seize this golden opportunity for developing natural gas industry to formulate innovative ideas; further enlarge the economies of scale of the Group while maintaining a healthy cash flow; expand clean energy distribution network systematically; enhance the standard of customer services; fulfill the service and safety commitments made; optimise management quality through implementation of informatisation.
Moreover, the Group will continue to build innovative business models and promote energy management projects. As of the end of 2009, the Group s various energy management projects, including polygeneration and central supply of heat, have achieved substantial progress.
This not only helps the Group to satisfy customers needs through providing different forms of clean energy, but also reduces the cost of consuming energy and 
enhances the energy efficiency. Looking ahead, in 2010, the Group will continue to remain demand-oriented and improve its competence in project evaluation, solution formulation, resources integration and project operation by applying the concept and methodology of energy efficiency, thereby maximising the advantages of natural gas, solar energy, wind power and other kinds of green clean energy. As the Group helps boosting the sustainable growth of clean energy supply, the industrial value chain of the clean energy industry will be enhanced at the same time. Meanwhile, with an aim to become an international energy distributor with excellent operation, we will expand into the international market proactively yet properly and improve our competence in managing international projects. By doing so, the Group is able to make contribution to the environmental protection as well as the energy sector of not only China but also the whole world, while at the same time spare no effort to maximise the long-term benefits of our shareholders, customers, staff, society and enterprises.

31 March 2010 
