CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Results of the Year The global economy showed signs of mild recovery in the year of 2013, while China maintained a steady growth. Thanks to the concerted effort of its employees, the Group continued to maintain a substantial growth during the year in face of complicated market environment. The revenue and profit attributable to shareholders for the year reached RMB22,966 million and RMB1,252 million respectively, representing an increase of 27.4% and a decrease of 15.5% over last year, while the earnings per share decreased by 16.5% to RMB1.16. The decreases in profit attributable to shareholders and earnings per share were due to the non-cash loss of RMB784 million due to the fair value change of the zero coupon convertible bonds issued in early 2013. Excluding this factor, profit attributable to shareholders in 2013 actually increased comparing to last 
In 2013, the Group acquired a total of 17 new projects, including 9 city-gas projects including Baoding City in Hebei Province, Heyuan City, Leizhou City, Lianjiang City and Dongyuan County in Guangdong Province, Dingyuan County in Anhui Province, Liangshan Prefecture in Sichuan Province, Ruyang County in Henan Province and North-western Liuyang in Hunan Province and 8 industrial park projects. As a result, the number of projects secured by the Group in China increased to 134, and contributed an additional connectable urban population of 3.08 million, coupled with the urbanisation process and organic growth of population in our existing projects, the total number of connectable urban population as of the end of 2013 reached over 61.01 million.
On the other hand, the Group continued to develop vehicle gas refuelling station business actively. During the year, 24 CNG refuelling stations and 94 LNG refuelling stations were built and put into operation.
As of the end of 2013, the total number of vehicle gas refuelling stations operated by the Group reached 448 and the gas sales 
volume in this segment over the total gas sales volume increased further to 14.6%.
The growth in vehicle gas sales volume not only reflected the rapid development of vehicle gas refuelling station business, but also further optimised the Group profit 
During the year, the Group completed piped natural gas connections for 1,220,441 residential households and 7,700 commercialindustrial ( CI ) customers (with total installed designed daily capacity of 8,045,922 cubic metres). As of the end of 2013, the accumulated number of connected residential households and CI customers of natural gas were 9,200,671 and 38,787 (with total installed designed daily capacity of 41,820,125 cubic metres) respectively, while in terms of all piped gas users, the accumulated number of connected residential households and CI customers reached 9,274,794 and 38,939 (with total installed designed daily capacity of 41,864,127 cubic metres) respectively.
The sales volume of natural gas for the year grew by 29.1% to 8,037 million cubic metres as compared with last year.
Accordingly, the Group not only reached but even exceeded its operational and financial performance guidances set in early 2013. The Group s ability to maintain satisfactory growth fully demonstrated the robust business development of the Group, its strong execution ability in increasing the gas penetration rate of its existing projects, as well as the immense demand for and growth potential of natural gas consumption 
In response to the adjustments of the national natural gas pricing mechanism, the Group proactively communicated with its customers and pricing bureaus to determine the new pricing scheme and contracts to facilitate the automatic pass- through mechanism to be established, ensuring the Group s results targets to be achieved. We believe that the liberalisation of natural gas pricing will push forward its 
As at 31 December 2013, the Group s cash on hand was equivalent to RMB6,822 million (2012: RMB6,156 million), and the total debts amounted to RMB12,443 million (2012: RMB11,242 million). The net gearing ratio, i.e. the ratio of net debt to equity (including minority interests), was 47.3% (2012: 47.7%). As the Group deepened the gas penetration rate of existing projects and expanded the vehicle gas refuelling station business, revenue from gas sales became the Group s major source of income. The optimised revenue structure will generate long-term and stable cash flow and provide the Group with stable financial resources to pursue sustainable 
As of the end of 2013, the Group had 26,352 employees (2012: 23,771 employees). The Group has always adhered to its people-oriented principle and considered talents as the vital source of its competitiveness and an indispensable factor for its future success and sustainable development. It believes that its employees could provide satisfactory services to customers if they are offered the opportunity of healthy development.

In 2013, the Group continued its efforts in talent development by establishing a talent structure covering different levels and enhancing the competency of its people. Training for operational staff was enhanced through technical skills accreditation for base-level employees and the establishment of technical skills accreditation system for junior, middle and senior base-level members. For professional members, qualification accreditation was fully implemented for 3,600 employees from marketing, finance, pricing, safety, information, administration, strategic performance, customer service and human resources departments during the year. While the Group continued its training programme for engineering masters, long-term training for chief engineers and training for technical sales engineers and vehicleship LNG refuelling station managers were also introduced.
On the other hand, the Group continued to nurture future leaders and strived to enhance their abilities and skills rapidly through special programmes, on-the-job training, mentorship and project-based training, building up the talent pool for the Group s healthy development.

To better implement its principles of creating and sharing values together and focus on the long-term development, in 2013 the Group continued its incentive mechanism under which Economic Value Added (EVA, i.e. post-tax net operating income net of capital costs for total equity and debts) became a major value measurement to evaluate the performance target and was directly linked to the year- 
In 2013, the Group was voted Asia s Fabulous 50 and 2013 China s Best CEO by Forbes in recognition of its outstanding results and performance.
The Group also received five honours from the Institutional Investor, including the Best CEOs , Best CFOs , Best Investor Relations Professionals , Best Investor Relations Companies and Best Companies in China under the category of power sector in the 2013 All-Asia Executive Team ranking. This year, the Group was listed in The Platts Top 250 Global Energy Company Rankings, which was followed by the Best Performer in Corporate Social Responsibility in the China Securities Golden Bauhinia Awards in November.
These significant honours and awards clearly demonstrated the trust and support from the capital market and investors.

In 2014, the global economy may moderately recover as developed economies show stronger growth and the emerging and developing countries maintain their moderate pace. China s economy is expected to continue its robust growth amid the reform.
The natural gas industry will enter into a new stage of rapid development against the social progress and reforms. From a macro point of view, the Chinese government will strive to ensure the steady growth of the domestic economy and drive its economic growth primarily through urbanisation supported by a new form of industrialization, continuous adjustment and upgrade of the industrial structure and accelerated replacement of obsolete production facilities. In respect of social development, a green, low-carbon economy and sustainable development have been the main themes. As recent nation-wide air pollution issues drew wide attention, the public now focus on the ways of preventing and controlling air pollution and reducing emission of fine particulate matter (PM2.5) effectively. In terms of policies, China is implementing the energy- saving and emission reduction policies to fulfill its international commitments and meet local environmental needs.
The Chinese government issued the Atmospheric Pollution Prevention Action Plan and environmental indicators were 
incorporated in the performance appraisal of local governments. The State Council and local governments also signed the Letters of Responsibility for atmospheric pollution prevention which require the latter to forge ahead coal-to-gas and coal- to-electricity conversions. The compulsory coal consumption cut may become a trend and the use of clean energy will grow at a faster pace, promoting the broader use of natural gas in China.
The 2014 Guiding Opinions of Energy Development published by the National Energy Administration (NEA) in January 2014 listed out the targets of energy structure optimisation, including reducing the coal consumption and securing natural gas supply. According to the Opinions, the share of coal in China s primary energy consumption will be lowered to 65% or below. In 2014, China s natural gas supply (excluding coal gasification) will reach 131 billion cubic metres, in which shale gas accounts for 1.5 billion cubic metres and coalbed methane accounts for 18 billion cubic metres. The total consumption of natural gas is targeted to reach 193 billion cubic metres, or a year-on-year growth of 14.5%. In addition, the Action Plan for the Energy Industry to Strengthen Atmospheric Pollution Prevention published by NEA also states that the domestic supply and import of natural gas will be increased and the natural gas supply is expected to reach 330 billion cubic metres by 2017.

China has been improving its natural gas infrastructure in recent years, supporting the sustained and rapid development of natural gas. As of the end of 2013, long distance pipelines (including main and branch lines) in China amounted to over 60,000 kilometres in total. The national natural gas pipeline network comprising of West-to-East Pipeline I, West-to-East Pipeline II, Sichuan-East Pipeline, China- Myanmar Pipeline, Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline and Zhong-Wu Pipeline as its core and linked by Lanzhou-Yinchuan Pipeline, Huai-Wu Pipeline and Hebei- Nanjing Pipeline covered 28 provinces (municipalities and autonomous regions) and the Hong Kong SAR. The connectivity and flexibility of the network have been improving as well. LNG import terminals in Tianjin, Zhuhai of Guangdong and Caofeidian of Hebei were built and put into operation in 2013, bringing the total number of LNG import terminals in China to 10 with a receiving capacity of 57.20 million tons per year. According to the Government s 12th Five-Year Plan for Natural Gas Development, 24 gas storage facilities will be built during the period. By 2015, total capacity of the storage facilities 
are expected to reach 33.7 billion cubic metres. Meanwhile, with more discoveries in gas field exploration, the Chinese government will speed up the exploration of unconventional natural gas and further diversify the source of natural gas supply in China, so as to achieve a fair supply and 
The Group has been committed to meeting the needs of customers when formulating its strategies as customers are the key of business development. Currently, it sees a gradual shift in energy demand among the urban industry, industrial parks, public buildings and the transportation sector, from single source of energy to an integrated solution with diversified energy sources at minimum unit cost. The Chinese government also encouraged increasing the efficiency of integrated energy utilisation and changing the energy usage pattern. As highlighted in the 12th Five- Year Plan, 1,000 natural gas distributed energy projects and 10 demonstration projects with different individual features will be constructed by 2015. Policies that encourage the use of clean energy as transportation fuel, the use of new energy vehicles and emission cut for marine 
transports were also introduced. To meet customers needs and adapt to the national policies, the Group continues to innovate its business model and becomes one of the leading players in this sector. In respect of the distributed energy project of Changsha Huanghua Airport, grid connection was completed and commenced power generation in 2013. Initiatives were also launched in the Group s transportation energy business. In 2013, 118 vehicle gas refuelling stations were completed and the volume of gas sold reached 1,187 million cubic metres. The Group also actively explores its ship LNG refuelling business, providing a first-mover advantage in such 
In the next few years, the Chinese government will gradually implement the decisions approved during the Third Plenary Session to support the economic and social reforms, developing a green, low-carbon society and focusing on sustainable development so as to build a better country. As air pollution prevention becomes an increasingly significant concern, the use of clean energy is a major trend in China and the natural gas industry will enjoy more rapid growth and 
extensive development in the foreseeable future. Seizing this opportunity, the Group will leverage on its strengths to adapt to any market changes and meet customers needs. Apart from making significant contribution to environmental protection and energy sectors both within and beyond the country, the Group will also maximise the long-term interests of the shareholders, customers, employees, society and the 
The Group s consistent and rapid growth is attributed to the continuous support from its customers, business partners, shareholders and its people. On behalf of the board, I would like to express my most sincere gratitude to each of them.

24 March 2014 
