CHAIRLADY S REPORT 
On behalf of the Group, I hereby present the annual results for the Year to all shareholders. On behalf of the Board, I would also like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all shareholders and friends from various sectors of the community for their care extended to the development of the Group.
The Group will continue to devise future business plans based on different condition of the markets where the bases are located, seeking steady profit growth while driving economies of scale and business 
generate more lucrative 
return for shareholders.
During the Year, global economy showed prospects of further improvements, while the transformation of the Chinese economy and its industries was gaining pace. The paper- making industry was presented with stern challenges: the entire sector has entered a stage of large-scale reshuffling, as the closure of smallmedium size paper-making enterprises intensified due to further tightened environmental policies under the government s strong reform efforts that were never seen before. The peak in new production capacities since 2012 has put pressure on the selling prices of products. Given increasingly stringent environmental policies and the state s determination to close down or suspend enterprises that cause pollution at all costs and step up with the elimination of outdated production capacities, capacity growth will be significantly hampered and the pressure created on industry supply will be relieved. As a large-scale environmentally-friendly enterprise set to benefit from the latest policy curb, ND Paper will seize new opportunities arising from the general upgrade of the industry. Meanwhile, the changing pattern of retail sales and related logistics driven by the rapid growth of online shopping has created enormous growth potential for the packaging paper market and made up for the drop in demand amid ongoing economic weakness. It can be envisaged that industry consolidation will gain pace with further closedowns of inefficient plants and enormous development opportunities for the better ones that stay on, and ND Paper s advantages in scale and its position as an industry leader will be further manifested as a result.
Notwithstanding austere market conditions, economic reforms did present the market with new opportunities. Undaunted by market challenges, the Group made strong efforts to reinforce management in all areas and pursue solid inner power enhancements, with internal cost control as a main focus in operations for the Year, so that the Group s business performance of the Year met expectations and adequate preparations were made for future development opportunities. During the Year, the Group continued to maintain balance between production and sales and normal inventory levels. All paper machines were operating in sound conditions at close to full capacity.
During the Year, the Group reported another record high sales volume of approximately 11.1 million tonnes. Sales of the Group amounted to approximately RMB28.9 billion, representing an increase of approximately 0.7% as compared with the last financial year. Gross profit amounted to approximately RMB4.8 billion and profit attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to approximately RMB1.755 billion, representing an increase of approximately 12.5% as compared with the last financial year. Basic earnings per share was approximately RMB0.3762. The Board has recommended the distribution of a final dividend of RMB6.0 cents per share.
During the Year, the Group saw the successive smooth production commencement of PM35 and PM36 at the new Quanzhou base and PM38 at the Leshan base. As at 30 June 2014, the Group s total design production capacity has reached 13.50 million tpa. Following the production commencement of PM37 at the new Shenyang base in September 2014, the total design capacity of the Group has increased by another 350,000 tpa, further enhancing the nationwide presence of its production bases to leverage its regional advantage and enlarge its market share.
The Group has sought to lead the market in green paper-making by continually committing to the management philosophy of No environmental management, no paper-making , assuring provision of competitive products and one-stop services to customers at operating standards that are better than the government s environmental requirements, with a view to sustainable and mutually beneficial development. The Group continued to use recovered paper as its principal raw material and played an important role in driving the recycling-based model of economic development in China and the rest of the world. During the Year, the Group adopted a more proactive approach in the procurement of recovered paper in China to effectively expand domestic sources for the procurement of recovered paper for its production bases. The purchase value of domestic recovered paper accounted for 34% of the total amount of the Group s purchase of recovered paper for the Year.
The liquidity market in China was relatively tight during the Year. The Group continued to adopt a prudent strategy in terms of treasury management and customer credit period. In addition to assuring strong cash inflow from regular operations and the availability of adequate credit support from domestic and overseas banks, the Group also sought to lower its borrowing costs by continuously adjusting the currency mix of its loans and exploring other financing sources through various forms of financing, taking into full consideration of interest rates, foreign exchange rates and conditions of the currency market. The Group s net debt to total equity ratio and average loan interest rate were steadily decreasing, while the depreciation of RMB during the second half of the Year, which reflected normal volatility associated with the currency market, only had a short-term impact on the book value of the Group s borrowings denominated in foreign currencies. For the Year, the Group recorded exchange gains from financing activities of approximately RMB16 million.
OUTLOOK AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT Looking ahead, further improvements in global economic prospects are expected, while China will remain in a crucial period for the transformation of its economic structure associated with numerous challenges as well as boundless opportunities. In the long run, as the packaging paper industry is closely associated with national retail sales and characterized by capital intensiveness and prominent economies of scale, the Group will be able to enlarge its market share, improve its bargaining power and enhance its profitability by further leveraging its strengths in the use of recovered paper for paper production, product diversification and economies of scale. With a larger and stronger business platform built over years of diligent efforts and vigorous development, the Group has full confidence to take on any changes and challenges in the market and further fortify its position as industry leader on the back of highly automated equipment, stable and strong production capability, stringent product quality management, efficient procurement processes, cost control and staff training. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to conscientiously perform its corporate responsibility in environmental protection by complying with all government requirements relating to environmental protection, energy conservation and emission reduction of enterprises and strengthening its internal measures on environmental protection and energy conservation on an ongoing basis.
The Group s stage-by-stage expansion has been accomplished. In connection with PM2 (VN) at the Vietnam base, originally scheduled for production commencement in 2015, the Group will closely monitor the situation in Vietnam and make reasonable adjustments in a prudent manner based on developments in the local market. Meanwhile, PM39 at the Shenyang base is planned to commence production by the end of 2016, bringing the Group s total design production capacity to over 14 million tpa. The Group will continue to devise future business plans based on different conditions of the markets where the bases are located, seeking steady profit growth while driving economies of scale and business diversification to generate more lucrative long-term investment return for 
On behalf of all members of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to the management and all staff members for their dedication to and trust in ND Paper, as well as to governments at all levels, investors, banks and business partners who have been supporting the Group all along.

Hong Kong, 24 September 2014 