CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
The Group will seize every opportunity, leverage on its strengths to adapt to any market changes and meet 
Results of the Year In 2015, the global economy slowly recovered amidst the volatile market.
During the year, China continued its structural reform and its annual gross domestic product ( GDP ) growth dropped from 7.4% in 2014 to 6.9%. The weak macro-economic environment dampened energy demand in the industrial sector.
In addition, as the international oil prices continued to hover at low levels, the price of substitute energy also remained under downward pressure. Facing these headwinds, the growth of downstream natural gas consumption in China also slowed. According to figures from the National Development and Reform Commission ( NDRC ), national apparent consumption of natural gas in 2015 was only up 5.7% year-on-year.

In such a challenging market environment, the Group, upholding its customer- oriented philosophy and driven by reform and innovation, was able to sustain an excellent operational performance. The Group further developed the potential of its traditional businesses, while fully utilising the internet and technological means to vigorously expand new businesses. With the concerted effort of its employees, the Group continued to maintain remarkable growth. Total natural gas sales volume increased by 11.5% to 11,286 million 
In light of the Company s solid profit base, the Board has recommended a final dividend of HK$0.76 (equivalent to RMB0.64) per share, payable to shareholders registered in the register of shareholders on 8 June 2016. The total amount of dividend was around RMB690 
Natural Gas Pricing Reform In recent years, China has accelerated the pace of its reform on the marketisation of natural gas pricing. On 1 April 2015, to comply with the Three-Step Reform Plan formulated in 2013, the NDRC reduced the city-gate price of incremental volume by RMB0.44 per cubic metre and increased the city-gate price of existing volume by RMB0.04 per cubic metre. As a result of such measures, the city-gate prices of existing volume and incremental volume had converged. On 18 November 2015, the NDRC issued a notice that the maximum city-gate price for non-residential users was reduced by RMB0.7 per cubic metre, effective from 20 November 2015. Moreover, according to the latest notice, city-gate price would no longer be the ceiling price but it would become a benchmark price, meaning that it could be subject to negotiation between suppliers and buyers, and any upward adjustment not exceeding 20% or floorless downward adjustment could be made. Such move by the NDRC further relaxed price control and offered flexibility in pricing, leaving more room for price negotiation between suppliers and buyers.
In addition to restoring the price advantages of natural gas over substitute energy such as gasoline, diesel and LPG, these two price cuts lowered the average gas procurement cost for the Group s gas projects. As of the end of 2015, part of the city-gas projects and CNG refuelling stations affected had finished downstream tariff adjustment.
The Group passed through the reduced cost to end-users in order to reduce their energy consumption costs. A lower gas price stimulated downstream demand and facilitated development of new clients, which had a positive impact on the Group s gas sales growth. The Company will continue the pass-through process and take into account various factors including different customers affordability and the price of substitute energy to adjust the selling price for end-users with a flexible pricing strategy, so as to maintain a balanced development between gas sales volume growth and stable dollar margin.

The natural gas pricing reform in November 2015 also expressively required the acceleration of trading of gas for non-residential usage through Shanghai Petroleum and Natural Gas Exchange ( SHPGX ). It aimed at creating a fully open and transparent market for non- residential gas trading within two to three years, where the exact transaction price would be determined by the suppliers and buyers through open transactions.
The SHPGX was put into trial operation on 1 July 2015, an important step taken by the NDRC towards an in-depth reform of natural gas trading and pricing. The SHPGX not only help accelerate the setting of a fair market price for natural gas and create suitable condition for the liberalisation of it, it can also strengthen our global influence when the domestic natural gas market practice is in line with that of the international market. The SHPGX heralds a new page in China s natural gas reform and will pose significant positive impact on the industry development. As one of the shareholders, the Group actively participated in the trading of piped gas and LNG on the SHPGX during the year, and acquired competitive gas sources at market prices to develop new customers.
Share Option Incentive Scheme To enable the Directors and certain employees to enjoy the benefits brought by the Company s growth and to incentivise their enthusiasm, motivation and creativity in the challenging business environment, thereby enhancing operating performance and core competitiveness, the Group granted a total of 12 million share options to them on 9 December 2015. The exercise price of such share options was HK$40.34 per share, valid for a period of 10 years (commencing on 9 December 2015 and ending on 8 December 2025).

Stable and Sound Financial Position The Group s annual capital expenditure amounted to RMB2,847 million, which mainly included the construction costs of pipelines network and infrastructure of the existing city-gas projects, the construction costs of refuelling stations and the acquisition of new projects. In October 2015, in response to the depreciation of RMB, the Group bought back a principal amount of US$335 million of the US$400 million 3.25% bonds due in 2019 and a principal amount of US$35 million of the US$750 million 6% bonds due in 2021, refinanced by the issuance of RMB2.5 billion 3.68% bonds with a maturity of not more than 5 years (with an option for the issuer to raise the coupon rate and for the investors to put at the end of the third year). As of 31 December 2015, the Group s total borrowings amounted to RMB15,680 million, and the bank balances and cash (for the purpose of computing net gearing ratio) amounted to RMB7,355 million. The Group s net gearing ratio, i.e. ratio of net debt to total equity (including non-controlling interests), was 51.7%. The Group had sufficient sources of funds and available bank credit to meet its future capital expenditure and working capital requirements. The Group continued to maintain a sound financial position during the year. In particular, the credit rating agency Moody s has upgraded the Group s outlook from stable to positive and maintained a Baa3 investment-grade rating. Meanwhile, Standard & Poor s and Fitch both maintained their BBB investment-grade ratings and stable 
In 2015, recognised by the market of its stable business growth and enhanced management capability, the Group received the following honours: ' Best CFO Sell Side Rank No. 2 and Buy Side Rank No. 3, Power Sector in Institutional Investor s 2015 All-Asia Executive Team; ' Best CFO , Best Investor Relations Company and Best Investor Relations Professional at the 5th Asian Excellence Awards by Corporate Governance Asia; ' Best Investor Relations in Greater China 2015 by IR Magazine; ' Ranked 147 among the 13th Platts Top 250 Global Energy Company 
' 2014-2015 Mainland Enterprise Listed in HK Ranking Best Company in Clean and Renewable Energy Industry by Yazhou 
' Silver, Annual Reports: Electric & Gas Services at the 29th International ARC Awards for Annual 
' Silver, Vision Awards Annual Report: Energy at the 2015 LACP Awards.

These accolades demonstrate the industry s widespread recognition of the Group s commitment to enhance investor relations and transparency in the past year, and prove that the performance and management of the Group has gained recognition from investors, shareholders and industry analysts. In view of this, the Group will continue to redouble its efforts to ensure that investors and shareholders can share its fruitful results.

Looking ahead, China will continue its reform in 2016. As a result of government measures in terms of reducing overcapacity and supply side reform, the macro- economy is expected to experience a slow recovery. 2016 marks the beginning of the 13th Five-Year Plan, the Chinese government will pay more attention to the balance between the environment, social and economic development. It will push forward the implementation of environmental protection policies and promote the integrated application of natural gas and other clean energy sources. In the long term, the natural gas market will continue to grow soundly.
The Group will continue developing more residential users and exploring the potential of CI customers fully in order to strengthen its city-gas business. It will optimise its network planning and adopt 
an innovative developing model to expand its transportation fuel business. Taking advantage of low oil price, the Group secured long-term LNG contracts. It will continue to expand energy trading business leveraging the SHPGX platform, promote distributed energy business and quickly tap into electricity sales business taking chances of the power industry reform.
The Group believes that through business innovation and enhancement of operational capabilities, it will become a reputable integrated energy supplier, continue to increase its corporate value and create higher returns for its shareholders.

The Group s persistent rapid growth hinges on the continuous support from its customers, business partners, shareholders and its staff. On behalf of the board, I would like to express my most sincere gratitude to each of them.

22 March 2016 