Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
It gives me great pleasure to present to you
the annual report of ND Paper for the year
ended 30 June 2007. We successfully
achieved significant growth in both turnover
and profit while simultaneously investing in
infrastructure to further solidify our already
sound foundation. The Group has entered
into an accelerated phase of our development
as we expands our geographic reach, product
diversification, initial exploration of upstream
resources and scale of operations in line with
the paralleled growth of demand and supply.
Our proactive approach and execution of our
long-term strategy has further strengthened
our number one position in Asia and paved
the way for growth in the coming years.
During the year under review, the Group’s
success continued to validate our earlier
expansion efforts to implement measured
capacity growth to meet increasing demand
for packaging paperboard. The result of our
careful planning and diligent efforts
translated to growth in both turnover and
profit compared with the last financial year.
For the year under review, we recorded total
revenue and gross profit of approximately
RMB9,837.7 million and RMB2,528.9 million
respectively, representing an increase of
24.5% and 35.9% over the previous year. Net
profit attributable to equity holders of the
Company was RMB2,003.4 million, an
increase of 45.7% that of a year ago. Our
earnings per share were RMB0.48,
representing an increase of 17.7% that of the
previous year.
The Board proposed the declaration of a final dividend of RMB10.0 cents per share. Together with the
interim dividend of RMB1.6 cents, the total dividend payout per share for the year was RMB11.6 cents,
representing a payout ratio of 24.7%.
Fostering a Culture of Continuous Improvement and Quality
The culture of ND Paper is firmly focused on continuous improvement. This philosophy is paramount to our
success and runs from the foundation of our employee development program to our constant refinement in
machinery, technology and infrastructure, as well as our dedication for expansion of product offerings and
geographic reach. Meanwhile, economies of scale have brought pre-investment and production efficiency
enhancements through strategic capacity expansion. The underlying theme of constant improvement is
deeply ingrained in our corporate culture. Together with our ability to capture opportunities and leverage
resources, it will guide us as a fundamental compass as we prosper as the world leader in the production of
packaging paperboard.
Always Improving, Always Environmentally Conscious
In keeping with our philosophy of “No environment, no paper” and our pursuit of continuous improvement,
we stay abreast of technological advances within the sector and make sure that we are utilizing the best
combination of imported machinery to ensure the most efficient and highest return on investment. This
year, we have not only added three new paper machines, PM11, PM16 and PM17 which have brought our
total annual production capacity to approximately 4.5 million tpa, but we have also upgraded and improved
our existing machines whenever and wherever possible. In addition, we are leading the market with highend
new products and PM18 and PM21 are expected to produce a commercially viable scale production of
light weight high performance corrugating medium. These machines will serve to meet the increasing
demand for lighter weight corrugating medium.
Our tenacious pursuit of constant improvement is in the best interest of investors, the environment, our
customers and our employees as it enables us to increase production while also improving efficiency, safety,
and earnings. While we are committed to internal improvement, we also recognize and continue our pursuit
of growth while maintaining high standards of transparency, corporate governance and social responsibility.
We believe in this philosophy as a long-term approach to sustainable growth at every level as we continue
to expand in a responsible manner. “No environment, no paper” is our mantra and our constant efforts to
improve reaffirms strong commitment with consistent actions that reinforce this philosophy. Although
growth has been robust, we will not compromise regarding the environment. We will continue to advocate
the use of recovered paper as the primary raw material for manufacturing to ensure a harmonious
coexistence with nature.
Regardless of the pace and locations of our development, we will be vigilant in maintaining the highest
standards through the use of environmentally friendly equipment, technologies and processes combined
with the appropriate management expertise to ensure that we are not only compliant with government
standards, but that we consistently rise above those standards and serve as an example for the entire sector.
Investing in Our People, Investing in Our Future
A fundamental strategy for success at ND Paper is the progress and development of our employees. As we
reach greater heights of expansion, it is necessary to fill newly created staff and management roles that
require a high level of expertise with the capability to efficiently execute. In addition to recruiting staff in
China or overseas, we initiated a program of in-house employee development several years ago to ensure
that we were ready for anticipated expansion efforts. We have a clear understanding of growth
opportunities and want to ensure that employees are able to enjoy the benefits and participate in the
growth of ND Paper. Therefore, as a result of our employee development program, we have targeted 80%
of the management and staff to be sourced internally to fill the newly created positions at our additional
bases. Also, we want to ensure that these new locations will not only be efficient from the commencement
of operations, but we want to ensure that these facilities fully adopt the Nine Dragons culture and further
inspire the spirit of the Company in every way possible.
Syndicated Loan and Share Placement
In an effort to further cultivate healthy growth, we entered into two agreements in the amount of US$350
million and HK$2,300 million on 19 September 2006 and 18 June 2007 respectively and raised more than
HK$2 billion by share placement of new shares on 16 April 2007. The overwhelming response of both
financing activities is very encouraging, as it demonstrates that the financial community has confidence in
the packaging paper market and positively endorses our efforts to secure our leading position in the sector.
Broadening Our Reach into China
Chongqing Base
China remains our primary area of operations and offers remarkable opportunities for further expansion. As
the dominant manufacturer in China, we believe that there is significant room for additional growth and we
fully intend to capitalize on this opportunity. In 2007 we have embarked on a strategy to diversify our
domestic footprint that will help to meet increasing and divergent demand in a variety of regions. It is also a
replication of our successful formula in the previous two production bases. This approach will not only
expand our production lines, it will allow an avenue for expansion into a previously untapped area with
strong demand. For example, our expansion into Chongqing City with its proximity to Hubei, Yunnan,
Guizhou and Sichuan, will serve as a regional industrial hub to central and western China to serve numerous
markets that previously had to source their needs from smaller manufacturers or have their needs met by
manufacturers that were located at a greater distance. The proximity of this new base serves to tighten the
supply chain for our new customers with a superior product while allowing ND Paper to fill a gap in
demand. Operations are expected to commence by mid 2008 with an initial capacity of 800,000 tpa,
including two sets of paper machines for each producing linerboard and high performance corrugating
medium respectively.
Tianjin Base
The fourth production base will be
located in the Ninghe Economic
Development Zone near the Tianjin
port. It enjoys investment incentives
that are the same as those available
from the Binhai New Area. Construction
will commence in 2008 and it is projected
to ultimately reach a capacity of 4 million
tpa. Operations are expected to commence by
mid 2009 with an initial capacity of 800,000 tpa, including two sets of
paper machines each for producing high performance linerboard and high performance corrugating
medium respectively. The base will enable the Company to acquire comprehensive geographical coverage
of all major markets in China, so as to address potential divergent demand among domestic regions. It will
also serve to provide better services to capture valuable potential customers.
Growth Drivers
Diversification of scope with an eye on cost control and profit
Over the next five years, additional focus will be dedicated to our manufacturing bases and cost control that
will include management development, procurement of advanced equipment, increasing the quality of
products, and the introduction of new product lines. Products will include light weight corrugating
medium, light weight linerboard, high-end packaging board and others to further diversify our scope. The
long-term plans for growth, ongoing development and constant margin improvement are essential to the
success of ND Paper.
At the moment, our focus is on further development of scale and scope in China as there are still vast
resources and opportunities that have not yet been tapped. When the timing is right and conditions are
suitable, we will expand to international markets. If and when this decision is made, it will be executed in a
well thought out, prudent manner that will be most beneficial to shareholders.
Upstream Exploration
Another important growth driver for us will be the strategic development of pulp production and a suitable
kraft pulp resource production base. Although we produce packaging paperboard with an average of 85%
recovered paper, we require a small percentage of kraft pulp for containerboard production. The ability to
tap a direct source would further enable us to have stable raw material supply and reduce production costs.
With our rapid capacity expansion and future product diversification, we require a consistently growing kraft
pulp supply. Meanwhile, we can sell any excess pulp to the market with an attractive margin. While we
currently have expansion plans for our joint venture in Inner Mongolia, we will also explore upstream wood
pulp business opportunities overseas that offer strong potential. Any such consideration must provide
excellent forestry resources as well as cost and quality competitive edges. We currently have several
prospects under consideration that will provide long-term, profitable returns. Each endeavor will be
announced upon agreement at the appropriate time.
Closely Monitoring Market Conditions
In an effort to obtain accurate and relevant data, we obtain market information from a variety of sources.
This allows us to closely monitor changes and maintain an awareness of any alteration and quickly
implement any appropriate adjustments.
The Company is able to leverage its extensive network of relationships with suppliers and customers to
assemble a library of data that helps to determine current market conditions and forecast reasonable
expectations for future demand. Information obtained from the front lines is often the most up-to-date, realtime,
reliable intelligence available. We also closely monitor government and research institutes’ studies to
help determine the appropriate level of expansion. It is absolutely essential for the healthy maintenance of
our production level to closely observe all data available to ensure a healthy balance between supply and
demand.
Consolidation and the Positive Impact
While ND Paper has been aggressively expanding to meet the growing demand, there has been
consolidation in the market and a noteworthy impact from the closure of some small-scale paper
manufacturers. In keeping with the government’s efforts to promote “Green GDP” and the efficient use of
energy and reducing emissions, within the year, a number of paper manufacturers will be retired from
service. For example, the Jiangsu provincial government issued “Notice about Certain Policies and Measures
Propelling Environmental Protection”《關於推進環境保護工作若干政策措施的通知》in 2006, forcing the
closure of the production facilities using recycle paper with an annual capacity of less than 50,000 tonnes
before the end of 2008. These manufacturers do not produce to the standard that is acceptable to be
brought into the fold of ND Paper and are not suitable for acquisition. Therefore, such gaps in supply must
be filled by organic growth and additional production. Meanwhile, the market environment produced by
such a gap provides an opportunity for expansion not only in our current production bases, but outside of
the regions where ND Paper already has a strong foothold.
Current market conditions have fostered a positive environment for expansion and paved the way for
harmonious growth of both supply and demand. These market forces have enjoyed paralleled increases and
nurtured the sector to reach healthy levels of production.
Outlook
The outlook for long-term expansion is bright and we have dedicated a significant effort and meticulous
planning to ensure that we are prepared to capitalize on the opportunities. Healthy market conditions are
likely to continue as the GDP growth in the first half of 2007 was 11.5%, which was higher than market
expectations. This situation will support further expansion in terms of both scale and scope as the Company
implements the appropriate level of growth to develop in conjunction with the increasing level of demand.
The Group has targeted to reach annual production capacity of 7.75 million tpa in 2008, 10.15 million tpa
in 2009 and by 2008 we will become the world’s number one manufacturer of packaging paperboard.
According to our thorough research, this increase is likely to be commensurate with demand and the
positive momentum is expected to continue.
Appreciation
The fruits of our hard work are still in the early stages of their development as we begin to realize the
advantages of building a solid infrastructure and diverse base of operations to service the growing demand.
Our success is a direct result of visionary insight, meticulous planning and the willingness of management
and staff to pursue innovative development within a culture that breeds responsible success. In addition to
my gratitude to our management and staff, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to various
governments for providing a business-friendly environment that has allowed us to prosper and positively
influence the lives of our employees while contributing to the success of our industry. I would also like to
thank our Shareholders, investors, bankers and business partners for their support and look forward to
sharing our continued success.
Cheung Yan
Chairman
Hong Kong, 20 September 2007