CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Results of the Year The global energy market experienced some significant changes in 2014, where China s economic slowdown lowered the energy consumption in conventional sectors and the adjustment of natural gas price has affected the development of the gas industry. However, as the Chinese government stepped up its effort in economic structural reform, promoted the development of strategic emerging 
industries and strengthened the upgrade of traditional industries, natural gas distributed energy and energy saving businesses enjoyed a positive outlook. Moreover, the construction and operation of part of the trunk line of West-East Pipeline III, the planning of the China-Russia Pipeline and other long distance natural gas pipelines and the encouragement of the exploitation of shale gas and coalbed methane created more opportunities for the industry.

opportunity, the Group will leverage on its strengths to adapt to any market changes and meet customers 
Thanks to the concerted effort of its employees, the Group continued to maintain a substantial growth during the year in face of both opportunities and challenges. The turnover and profit attributable to shareholders for the year reached RMB29,087 million and RMB2,968 million respectively, representing increases of 26.7% and 137.1% over last year. Earnings per share increased by 136.2% to RMB2.74.
During the year, the Group s investment grade credit ratings were reaffirmed by three leading rating agencies, including Moody s: Baa3 (stable), S&P: BBB (stable) and Fitch: BBB (stable). In light of the Company s more solid profit base, the Board recommended a final dividend of HK$0.83 (equivalent to RMB0.66) per share, payable to shareholders registered in the register of shareholders on 5 June 2015 to express its appreciation for their support. The total amount of dividend was around RMB720 million, representing an increase of 73.9% compared with last year.

The Group s natural gas sales volume for the year of 2014 grew by 25.9% to 10,120 million cubic metres as compared with last year. During the year, the Group completed piped natural gas connection for 1,322,723 residential households and 8,660 commercialindustrial ( CI ) customers (with total installed designed daily capacity of 8,317,243 cubic metres). On the other hand, the Group continued to develop vehicle gas refuelling station business actively. During the year, 18 CNG refuelling stations and 61 LNG refuelling stations were built and put into operation. As of the end of 2014, the Group operated a total of 286 and 241 CNG refuelling stations and LNG refuelling stations respectively.
The Group s operating and financial performances were in line with the targets initially set in the year.

On 28 February 2015, the National Development and Reform Commission ( NDRC ) announced to adjust the natural gas city-gate prices for non-residential use. Effective from 1 April, the price of incremental volume will be reduced by RMB0.44 per cubic metre and the price of existing volume will be increased by RMB0.04 per cubic metre, so as to accomplish the third step of the pricing reform. By doing so, the prices of existing volume and incremental volume will converge. The average purchasing cost for the Group s gas projects is expected to be lowered. Since the second half of 2014, led by the sharp decline in global oil prices, the prices of substitute energy, such as fuel oil and liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ), have dropped accordingly, hindering the promotion of natural gas usage to some extent. In particular, after the city-gate price hikes of natural gas on 10 July 2013 and 1 September 2014, the economic advantage of natural gas was lessened amid oil price weakness. Therefore, the latest city-gate price adjustment will restore the price advantage of natural gas over substitute energy. It also reflected the Chinese government s determination to establish a pricing mechanism driven by market supply and demand and linked with the prices of substitute energy, and revealed the government s commitment to supporting healthy development of the natural gas industry.

Since the city-gate price hike on 1 September last year, the Group has finished cost pass through to most of the non-residential users. Starting from 1 April 2015, it will pass through the lower natural gas cost to downstream users and maintain stable dollar margin. Lower gas price will stimulate downstream demand and facilitate the Group s gas sales volume growth. Meanwhile, although the NDRC did not adjust the residential city-gate prices, it reiterated to establish tier-pricing mechanism for residential gas tariff in all cities and gradually normalise residential gas prices in order to promote efficient use of gas and energy saving. According to the Guiding Opinions on the Establishment of Natural Gas Tier-pricing Mechanism for Residential Users published in March 2014 by the NDRC, tier-pricing mechanism shall be established in all cities with piped gas supply by the end of 2015. Natural gas for residential use will be categorized into three tiers and an excess progressive rate will be applied to each tier, which will be favourable to the Company s residential gas sales. Currently, the Company has 24 city- gas projects with tier-pricing mechanism for residential users. It will actively respond to the government s plan and establish tier- pricing mechanism in all project cities with piped gas supply as early as possible.

While considering the future development strategy, the Group will also review the current operation by taking into account the market development and changes of relevant policies in order to develop a suitable investment strategy and allocate more resources to the downstream core 
During the year, in order to better allocate its resources and focus on expanding the downstream core businesses, the Group decided to dispose of its interests in the LNG processing plants in Qinshui, Beihai and Ningxia. Under the first state- owned enterprise pilot reform project that introduces private capital, the Group acquired an equity interest in Sinopec Marketing Company Limited ( Sinopec Marketing ) and made the payment in February 2015. The transaction strengthened the cooperation between the two parties and offered an opportunity for both to further develop clean energy businesses leveraging on their competitive advantages, so as to create a win-win situation. On the other hand, the Group acquired the vehicle gas refuelling station business in North America during the year. North America has abundant natural gas resources and enjoys huge market potential in the gas refuelling sector. With years of experience in operating refuelling stations and outstanding execution ability, the Group expanded its geographical coverage, diversified its operational risks and defined a new growth driver through the acquisitions. During the year, the Group also agreed to invest in the Shanghai Oil & Gas Exchange Centre Company Limited ( the Shanghai Oil & 
Gas Exchange Centre ), which was jointly founded by Xinhua Zhongrong Investment Co., Ltd. under Xinhua News Agency, three leading oil companies and several city-gas companies. By investing in the national trading platform, the Group helps promote the liberalization of natural gas pricing in China and is able to keep abreast of market information, underpin its influence in the industry and drive the growth of energy trading business which can enhance its bottom line. At the same time, the Group took advantage of the global LNG price weakness and imported 60,000 tons of LNG for the first time. Received at the Rudong Terminal in Jiangsu, the batch was mainly used to supplement the gas supply of the Group s gas projects and 
LNG refuelling stations. The Group will continue to monitor the global LNG prices and import LNG when appropriate so as to lower the purchasing costs and strengthen the bargaining power of the Company in terms of securing other gas sources.
Sound Financial Position The Group s annual capital expenditure consisted of two parts: the first part amounted to RMB3.09 billion, which included the construction costs of pipelines network and infrastructure of city-gas projects, the construction of refuelling stations and new projects acquisition.
The Group also acquired vehicle gas refuelling stations in North America at the consideration of US$200 million. On 23 October 2014, the Group issued five-year 3.25% bonds with an aggregate principal value of US$400 million (equivalent to RMB2,460 million) and the interests are paid semi-annually. The net proceeds were used to finance the acquisition of approximately 1.12% equity interest in Sinopec Marketing and for general use, including but not limited to working capital.
As of 31 December 2014, the Group s total debts amounted to RMB14,500 million, and the bank balances and cash for the purpose of computing net gearing ratio amounted to RMB10,503 million. The Group s net gearing ratio, i.e. ratio of net debt to equity (including non-controlling interests), was 27.5%. The Group has sufficient sources of funds and unutilised banking facilities to meet the future capital expenditure and working capital 
In 2014, with stable performance growth and enhanced management, the Group received several honours from 2014 All-Asia Executive Team Ranking by Institutional Investor, including Asia s Best CEOs (first place in power sector), Asia s Best CFOs (second place in power sector), Asia s Best IR Professionals (second place in power sector) and Asia s Best Investor Relations Companies (second place in power sector). The Group was also named the sixth place in Best Investor Relations by FinanceAsia and Top 100 for Investor Relations in Greater China by IR Magazine in recognition of the Group s effort in strengthening investors relationship and transparency.
In addition, the Group was honored Mainland Enterprise Listed in HK Ranking Best Company in Clean and Renewable Energy Industry by Yazhou Zhoukan and Triple A Greater China Awards 2014 for Corporates in Environment by The Asset magazine, and was listed in the Platts Top 250 Global Energy Company Rankings.
These accolades demonstrated the recognition of the Group s commitment to environmental protection by the industry and the recognition of its performance and management by investors, shareholders and analysts. It will continue to redouble its efforts to ensure that investors and shareholders will be able to share its fruitful 
Industry Review and Prospects 
As the energy and environmental issues become more prominent, the Chinese government attaches higher importance to environmental protection and efficient use of energy, and more policies encouraging the use of clean energy and optimisation of energy structure were promulgated during the year. In 2014, the Guiding Opinions on Energy Development, Action Plan for the Energy Industry to Strengthen Atmospheric Pollution Prevention, Implementation Rules of Natural Gas Distributed Energy Demonstration Project and Energy Development Strategy Action Plan (2014- 2020) were announced to promote the adjustment of energy consumption structure and encourage the use of clean energy, such as natural gas. These policies further identified the objectives and tasks of China s energy development by 2020. In addition, Guiding Opinions on Accelerating the Construction of Gas Storage Facilities, Fair and Open Regulatory Approach of Oil and Gas Pipeline Facilities (Trial) and a series of documents were published to lay down the foundation for the fair competition and market-oriented reform of the natural gas industry. The promulgation and implementation of such policies have fully demonstrated the determination of the Chinese government to encourage the use of clean energy, enhance the efficiency of natural gas use and attract more investment in the natural gas industry. It is believed that under the encouraging and supporting government policies, the growth potential of the gas industry is promising.
The Group is well positioned to capture opportunities in the gas industry including the development of distributed energy 
Alongside social and economic development, the Chinese government has been expanding its investment in natural gas infrastructure in recent years, coordinating demand and supply through overseas energy import and domestic production, as well as strengthening energy reserve and peak shaving facilities, as a result, China s natural gas supply has become more adequate.
China constructed 4,000 metres of new natural gas long distance pipelines in 2014. National natural gas pipelines that were put into operation during the year mainly included Line C of the Central Asia-China Gas Pipeline, Duyun, Qinzhou and Qujing branches of China-Myanmar Natural Gas Pipeline, Tianshui branch of the Zhongwei-Guiyang Pipeline, the West section of West-East Pipeline III, Honggu branch of the Sebei-Xi ning-Lanzhou Natural Gas Pipeline I. As of the end of 2014, natural gas pipelines in China amounted to over 500,000 kilometres in total, of which over 7,000 kilometres were long distance pipelines. The national natural gas pipeline network comprising of West-East Pipeline I, West-East Pipeline II, Sichuan-East Pipeline, China-Myanmar Pipeline, Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline and Zhong-Wu Pipeline as its core and linked by Lanzhou-Yinchuan Pipeline, Huai- Wu Pipeline and Hebei-Nanjing Pipeline covered 28 provinces (municipalities and autonomous regions) and the Hong Kong Special Autonomous Region. For the LNG import terminals, LNG import terminals in Hainan and Qingdao were built and put into operation in 2014, increasing the number of LNG import terminals in China 
to 12 with a total receiving capacity of 40.7 million tons per year. In addition, with more discoveries in new gas field and the acceleration of unconventional natural gas exploration, China s natural gas supply will become more diversified with a fair supply and demand equilibrium.
Leveraging the natural gas infrastructure in China, the Group actively explores other energy sources. The Group possesses and manages a massive non-pipeline transportation system (including LNG and CNG transportation trucks) with a maximum one-time transportation capacity of over 20 million cubic metres, making the Group one of the largest onshore gas transporters in China and allowing it to secure more stable gas supply.

It is the Group s mission to advocate the use of clean energy, improve living environment, enhance system efficiency and create values for customers. Aiming to meet the needs of customers, the Group offers customised and optimised energy solution for domestic and overseas customers by utilising its gas storage and delivery platform and energy management technology. Meanwhile, through the use of information technology and various advanced management tools, the Group consistently optimises its operational system and enhances its capabilities, striving to be a recognised international 
In 2015, the global economy is expected to experience the broad consolidation after the global financial crisis and the global energy market will remain volatile.
The influences of geopolitical and other 
non-economic factors will become more significant. As China s economy enters a new normal state, the economic structural reform, the slow-down of economic growth and the reform of the gas industry will bring challenges and opportunities to the industry. Therefore, in addition to the development of core businesses, such as CI users gas sales, residential gas connection and vehicleship refuelling business, investing in Sinopec Marketing will also strengthen our cooperation in the downstream gas sector. The investment in Shanghai Oil & Gas Exchange Centre will also allow the Group to obtain more first- hand market information and enhance its brand influence. The Group will proactively promote the growth of natural gas distributed energy business, the sales of its GREAT branded gas appliances and the related business, and seize the business opportunities presented by over 10 million existing residential households so as to boost its profit. The Group is confident that innovation of business model and enhancement of capabilities will drive its rapid development and create higher returns for shareholders.

The Group s consistent and rapid growth is attributed to the continuous support from its customers, business partners, shareholders and its staff. On behalf of the board, I would like to express my most sincere gratitude to each of them.

27 March 2015 