Chairlady s report 
On behalf of the Group, I hereby present the annual results for the Year to all shareholders. On behalf of the Board, I would also like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all shareholders and friends from various communities for their care extended to the development of the Group.
The focus of the Group s future 
has been shifted from rapid development to efforts on reducing debts and fi nance costs, concentrate on the strengthening of internal cost control and optimization of 
During the Year, affected by various risk factors from different regions, there was no sign of signifi cant economic recovery despite the global economic conditions have improved as compared to the past. Volatile external environment and the transformation of domestic economic structure have slowed down China s economic growth, yet the overall economy remained stable, with the packaging paper industry, which already hit its bottom, gradually approaching a rebounding trend. Meanwhile, the 12th 5-Year Plan drove stricter implementation of environmental protection standards in the paper manufacturing industry, leading the small and medium sized paper-making businesses to face higher pressure in environmental protection. It is expected that the industry will further consolidate in the future and the advantages of ND Paper s economies of scale will become more prominent.
Looking back, during the Year changing market sentiment resulted in customers adoption of conservative operating strategies. In addition, owing to the industry s cyclical nature, a signifi cant amount of new capacities commenced production in the market over the past two years, exerting some pressure on the selling prices of the Group s products. Under such an environment, the Group centered its focus of operation on cost reduction and effi ciency enhancement, implementing stringent control on costs and capital expenditure, refi nement of management, optimization of cost structure and the full utilization of its production advantages in multiple machines, multiple regions . Paper machines were enhanced and upgraded to improve production effi ciency as well as optimize product mix and product quality.
The Group also strengthened its internal control while achieved a signifi cant reduction in fi nance costs, hence further expanded room for profi tability. With a cautious operating philosophy, the Group continued to maintain balance between production and sales and a relatively low inventory level during the Year. All paper machines operated at nearly full capacity. Meanwhile, the Group carried out its capacity expansion plans in an orderly manner, continuously enhanced product diversity and production capabilities as well as strictly complied with various environmental protection standards, aiming to get well prepared to capture the opportunity ahead of an 
During the Year, the Group s sales volume once again achieved a record high, reaching approximately 10.50 million tonnes. Sales of the Group amounted to approximately RMB28.7 billion, representing an increase of approximately 5.8% as compared with the last fi nancial year. Gross profi t amounted to approximately RMB4.6 billion, representing an increase of approximately 6.2% as compared with the last fi nancial year. Profi t attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to approximately RMB1.56 billion, representing an increase of approximately 9.9% as compared with the last fi nancial year. Basic earnings per share was approximately RMB0.335. The Board has recommended the distribution of a fi nal dividend of RMB8.0 cents per share.
As two new paper machines located at Tianjin and Chongqing bases respectively completed construction and commenced production smoothly in the Year, as at 30 June 2013 the total design production capacity of the Group has reached 12.55 million tpa. With PM35 in Quanzhou base commencing production in August 2013, PM36 in the same base and PM38 in Leshan base commencing production by October 2013 and the end of the Year respectively, the Group s total design production capacity will reach 13.50 million tpa by the end of December 2013, further exhibiting the advantages of economies of scale.
As the Group s stage-by-stage strategic production roadmap has been mostly completed, while progressively completing the new capacity construction as planned the Group implemented stringent capital expenditure budget and strove to optimize its debt structure. Although the net debt to total equity ratio has reached a peak level of approximately 121.3% as at 30 June 2013, fi nance costs have already decreased signifi cantly from its peak period.
The Group has always maintained excellent relationship with its banks and demonstrated prudent business strategy and sound operational conditions, so it was able to obtain suffi cient credit facilities for its daily operation and development needs. Meanwhile, the Group has been adjusting its currency mix, maturity profi le and banking terms for its loans as well as exploring more fi nancing channels proactively. All these efforts have contributed to signifi cantly lower borrowing costs.
No environmental protection, no paper-making as it goes, the Group has adhered to corporate social responsibility in terms of environmental protection, and made full efforts to satisfy various requirements on corporate environmental protection, energy conservation and emission reduction advocated under the 12th 5-Year Plan. The Group has persistently strengthened its internal efforts in environmental protection and energy conservation, with various key environmental indicators outperforming national standards, and was awarded Outstanding Enterprise in 2012 National Paper Manufacturing Industry Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction Competition during the period.
The Group proactively developed in the area of procurement of recovered paper in China. The purchase amount of domestic recovered paper accounted for approximately 24% of the Group s total recovered paper purchase amount for the Year. ND Paper is a large scale paper-making group which offers truly diversifi ed products and possesses technology leading other players in the industry. Using recovered paper in manufacturing paper in a recycling chain will be a key direction for the Group s future production planning. Recycled copy paper products branded Nine Dragons are qualifi ed for the Hong Kong government s offi ce use, strongly evidencing the recognition of the Group s achievement in the aspect of environmental recycled paper.
Outlook and Acknowledgement Looking into the future, it is expected that the global economic recovery trend will become relatively more stable and hopefully may gradually gain pace, while China s economy will achieve growth amidst general stability, driving positive development in the paper manufacturing industry. It is my belief that the Group s continual investment over the years on expanding its capacity scale and market coverage will demonstrate increasing competitive advantages, generating better return to the investment made at earlier stages. In addition, under the guidance of the 12th 5-Year Plan, phasing out of outdated production facilities will speed up in the industry and environmental standards will become increasingly stringent. It is expected that elimination of small and medium sized production capacities will be faster than ever, providing ample market space for the Group. Benefi ting from such industry consolidation, the Group s leading position will be further strengthened.
Apart from the paper machines under construction at our Quanzhou and Leshan bases as mentioned above, under the Group s current expansion plan, there will be three new paper machines located in China and overseas which will be constructed and successively commence production in future. They are expected to be all completed by the end of 2016. The Group has earlier on issued announcements regarding such production commencement plans and there are no plans for additional production capacities. These paper machines include the kraftlinerboard production line with a production capacity of 350,000 tpa expected to commence production by the end of June 2014 and the testlinerboard production line with a production capacity of 350,000 tpa expected to commence production by the end of 2016, both located at Shenyang base, and the kraftlinerboard production line with a production capacity of 350,000 tpa expected to commence production by the end of 2015 located at our Vietnam base. The Group s aggregate design production capacity will then exceed 14 million tpa. During such period, substantial drop in capital expenditure and more obvious effectiveness of cost reduction are expected to further enhance the Group s profi tability. It is expected the Group s net debt to total equity ratio may lower to the range of 70% to 80% by the end of June 2016.
The Group s strategic roadmap for the establishment of its production bases in China and overseas for the current stage has basically completed. Centred at Dongguan, the Group has established four major national strategic production bases (Dongguan, Taicang, Tianjin and Chongqing bases), four supplemental regional production bases (Shenyang, Quanzhou, Leshan and Hebei Yongxin) and an overseas base in Vietnam, further reinforcing its leading position in the industry and attaining an irreplaceable role. The focus of the Group s future strategic development has been shifted from rapid development to efforts on reducing debts and fi nance costs. It will concentrate on the strengthening of internal cost control, optimization of existing production capacity, enhancement of economies of scale and production effi ciencies, reduction of costs, continuous improvement of quality control, rational planning of product mix as well as fully leveraging on the advantages of manufacturing various types of paper by using recovered paper. With stable and large-scale production capabilities, a sales team trusted by customers and a soundly-balanced network of production bases with nationwide coverage, the Group will be in a position to strengthen its one-stop customer services and better cater to the diverse demand from different customers, thereby enhancing its bargaining power and reducing costs to realize the goal of profi t maximization.
On behalf of all members of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to the management and all the staff for their dedication to and the trust they have bestowed on ND Paper, as well as my appreciation for governments at all levels, investors, banks and business partners who have been supporting the Group all along.

Hong Kong, 26 September 2013 The Nine Dragons Culture: Respect and care for our staff; Refi nement and innovation in management; Perpetuating a brand that thrives for a century; Propagating the spirit of diligence.
