CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
WE ARE READY FOR FACING EVERY CHALLENGE AND GRASP EVERY OPPORTUNITY IN 2009.
WE ARE CONFIDENT THAT OUR PRECISE STRATEGIC PLAN, INNOVATIVE BUSINESS 
AND COMMITTED STAFF WILL ENABLE US TO ATTAIN 
DEVELOPMENT AND GROWTH.

Results of the Year After achieving encouraging performance in previous years, the Group continued to record substantial growth in its results during the year. The turnover and profit for the year reached RMB8,265,508,000 and RMB870,724,000 respectively, representing increases of 43.6% and 23.3% over last year respectively. Earnings per share increased by 21.8% to RMB62.5 
This year, the Group secured 4 new city piped gas projects, thus raising the number of secured projects by the Group in China to 72, of which two were located in Guangdong Province while other two were located in Zhejiang Province and Fujian Province respectively. Our total connectable population coverage was also on the rise, reaching 41,644,000. On the other hand, the Group also actively developed its vehicle refuelling stations business. During the year, 39 new vehicle refuelling stations were built and put into operation. As at the end of 2008, the number of vehicle refuelling stations operated by the Group was 128 and the proportion of gas sold in the vehicle segment as compared to the total volume of gas sold increased from 8.5% to 13.0%. The growth in vehicle gas sales volume not only reflected the potential for further development in gas refuelling stations business but also further secured the Group s future revenue from 
During the year, the Group completed piped natural gas connections to 710,035 residential households and 2,548 commercialindustrial ( CI ) customers (connected to gas appliances with total installed designed daily capacity of 2,324,171 cubic meters). As of the end of 2008, the accumulated number of residential households and CI customers of natural gas were 3,600,387 and 10,857 (connected to gas appliances with a total installed designed daily capacity of 9,009,892 cubic meters) respectively, and the accumulated number of residential households and CI customers of all piped gas were 3,745,145 and 11,288 (connected to gas appliances with a total installed designed daily capacity of 9,518,438 cubic meters) respectively. The sales volume of natural gas for the year grew by 25.2% as compared to last year to 2,200,291,570 cubic meters. Such increase fully demonstrated the benefits of the economies of scale, the robust development of the Group s business as well as our achievement in vigorously raising the penetration rate of our existing 
As at the end of 2008, the Group s cash on hand was equivalent to RMB1,725,358,000 (2007: RMB1,693,459,000), and its total debts was equivalent to RMB5,403,140,000 (2007: RMB5,054,324,000). Its net 
gearing ratio, i.e. the ratio of net debt to equity (including minority interests), was 67.6% (2007: 72.1%). With the Group s efforts in vigorously raising the penetration rate of existing projects and expanding the business of gas refuelling stations, revenue from gas sales has become the major source of income for the Group.
Such optimised revenue structure will create long-term and stable cash flow for the Group, and thus allowing the Group to enjoy sufficient financial resources to pursue sustainable development.

During the year, the Group continued to carry out informatisation program in full swing with most of the group companies implementing the Enterprise Resource Planning ( ERP ) system and our customer caring and services system going online. These systems ensure more efficient and accurate operational and management information to be delivered to the management and thereby optimising the effectiveness of the management s decision. In order to ensure the efficient transmission and the thorough and effective implementation of the Group s strategies, we have successfully promoted and implemented the strategic performance management project in all group companies during the year, and finished the refinement on the personal balanced scorecard system according to the actual situations in the Group. With such systems 
in place, every employee of the Group completes their work through strategies and this realises the smooth transition from strategic planning to execution and from organisation level to individual level.
It also guarantees speedy conveying and effective implementation of strategies.
During the year, the Group was awarded Star Organisation of Strategy Execution in China 2008 by the China affiliate of the Balanced Scorecard Institute.

During the year, our annual report was awarded Silver, Annual Reports: Energy by the Annual International Galaxy Awards.
We also received the honor of Gold, Overall Annual Report: Gas Distribution, Transportation and Transmission from the International ARC Awards. These remarkable achievements fully evidenced the accurate and clear disclosure of information in our annual reports and our efficient communication with our 
As at the end of 2008, the Group had 15,776 employees (2007: 14,800 employees). In addition to the increasing number of gas projects, the Group has also increased its manpower to meet the demand arising from normal business 
The Group has adhered to its principle of people-oriented and believed that the healthy development of its staff is essential to the delivery of satisfactory services to customers. The Group always considers its staff as the most valued assets and understands that human resources is the vital source of competitiveness and indispensable element of our future success and sustainable development.
Therefore, we put great emphasis on recruitment and internal training and 
offer learning and studying opportunities to employees as a kind of benefits and rewards. The Group encourages employees to pursue lifelong learning, formulates practical and tailor-made career development plans for employees and creates open career paths for them, which in turn ensures an adequate talent pool for the Group s future sustainable and healthy 
In addition, through position restructuring and ability enhancement programs, the Group has established a capability-based human resources system in line with the Group s strategies which will continuously enhance the capability of staff and provide necessary support for the organisation, thereby ensuring that the targets of the Group can be achieved.

The Chinese government has taken the initiative in introducing a series of new ideologies and measures, proactively promoting the adjustment of energy structure and putting the country s energy sector on the track of sustainable development. In order to establish an energy saving and environmental friendly society, the Chinese government has gradually regulated the economic structure, encouraged other modes of growth and insisted on attaining development in an economic, clean and safe manner. This will definitely benefit the development of clean energy like natural gas and other substitute 
In 2008, the Chinese government has promulgated the Circular Economy Promotion Law of the People s Republic of China ( Circular Economy Promotion Law ) which comes into effect on 1 January 2009. The following is expressly regulated in the Circular Economy Promotion Law: the state encourages and support enterprises to use highly efficient 
and oil-saving products. Enterprises in such industries as electric power, oil processing, chemical industry, steel, non- ferrous metal and building materials etc.
must replace fuel oil with clean energy, e.g., clean coal, petroleum coke, natural gas, etc. within the scope and time limit prescribed by the state, and must stop using fuel generator sets and oil boilers that fail to satisfy the relevant state provisions .
Apart from this, the Chinese government has announced ten measures during the year to promote economic growth by means of further boosting internal demand.
Among the measures, the establishment of substantial energy projects and increase in investment in the energy sector have been clearly listed as one of the important components, which include investments amounting to RMB200 billion in petroleum and gas projects, RMB1,000 billion in environmental protection projects such as energy saving and emission reduction, as well as over RMB140 billion in West- to-East Pipeline II. The promulgation and implementation of such laws and policies have fully demonstrated the determination of the Chinese government to promote the use of clean energy. It is believed that with the encouragement and support of the said government policies, the Group is well positioned to secure gas supply and attract 
Taking advantages of the favourable government policies, natural gas infrastructure has been further developed.
There is a rapid growth in both the supply and demand of natural gas in China.
In 2000, total consumption of natural gas in the state was 24.5 billion cubic meters, while the figure rose to 80.7 billion cubic meters in 2008, representing an average compound growth rate of 16% per annum. According to the Natural Gas Pipeline Network and the Eleventh Five Year Plan issued by the Chinese government, in 2010, the construction of 
the national natural gas pipeline network will be basically completed and the supply capacity of natural gas will then reach 92 billion cubic meters, showing enormous potential for development in this industry.
Besides the increase in natural gas supply resulted from the construction of the natural gas pipeline network, we have also adopted the strategy of diversified energy supply. The coal-produced dimethyl ether ( DME ) project in Inner Mongolia (the investment of which was participated by the Group) has progressed smoothly this year and is expected to commence production in 2009. In addition, the Group has invested in other two liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) projects in Jincheng, Shanxi and Yinchuan, Ningxia respectively during the year. After production of these projects commence in 2009, it is expected that the daily LNG supply capacity will reach 900,000 cubic meters and the gas sources of the Group will be further strengthened, thereby securing more sufficient energy supply for the market development of the 
The global financial tsunami arose during the year has affected the economy.
However, by fully utilising its good management quality, the Group has not only strengthened its cost control but also devoted more effort in expanding the market. As a result, various business targets were achieved successfully, reflecting the Group s ability to cope with risks and generate profits.
In 2009, in view of the impact from the financial tsunami and the slowdown of global economy, the Group will continue to expand its gas distribution network systematically and acquire new projects, as well as enhance the standard of its customer services, while still maintaining a healthy cash flow. Through the execution 
and implementation of informatisation and strategic performance programs, the Group s cost control will be further strengthened and the operational efficiency will also be enhanced. The effect of the Group s economies of scale will be more obvious and will reflect in our business. In addition, the innovation of new business models such as energy services will also be accelerated. As at the end of 2008, the Group has entered into memorandum of understanding with 11 cities or parks whereby the Group will provide customised plans for clean energy usage and solutions for energy saving and emission reduction, thus supplying highly effective energy services. As the Group helps the country to achieve sustainable growth resulting from boosting the supply of clean energy continuously, the total value of the whole clean energy chain will be enhanced at the same time. Devoted to become the leading operator in the energy services sector, we will continue to make contribution to China s environmental protection and energy sector and spare no effort to maximise the long-term benefits of our shareholders, customers, staff, society and 
8 April 2009 