CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Jiayuan International Group Limited is an established property developer of large-scale residential complex projects and commercial complex projects in Jiangsu Province, the PRC. The Group s business operations include the development and sale of residential and 
Over the past twelve months, the Group has been striving to seize market opportunities, and the major operational indicators continued to grow. With respect to the annual results for the year ended 31 December 2015, profit from continuing operations for the year amounted to approximately RMB311.2 million, representing an increase of approximately 61.5% from approximately RMB192.7 million in 2014. Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to approximately RMB280.7 million, representing an increase of approximately 64.2% from approximately RMB171.0 million in 2014. Earnings per share also recorded an increase to RMB20.8 cents from RMB12.18 cents in 2014. In 2015, the Group continued to adhere to the Group s core development strategy of major cities and selected key towns ( 0'YW0W 0). Despite a slowdown of China s economic growth with gross domestic product growth of 6.9% in 2015, the Group had benefited from the recovery of the real estate market in China during the year. Housing demand had been stimulated as a result of the relaxed restrictions on home purchases promulgated by provincial government authorities and reductions in benchmark interest rates by the People s Bank of China. During the year, the Group achieved contracted sales of properties of approximately RMB3,823.2 million, representing a significant growth from 2014 with a year-on-year increase of approximately 64.5%. The average price of contracted sales was approximately RMB10,096sq.m., representing a growth of 31.9% from 2014.
At the same time, the Group has cultivated the unique power for core competitive skills that included precise product positioning, advanced multi-project management and readily replicable and standardised operational capability. Under the leadership of its stable and experienced management team and abundance of professionals and through an established operation system, the Group has been developing quality property projects, acquiring land reserves and successfully established Jia Yuan as a brand representing an outstanding property developer in Jiangsu Province over the years. As at 31 December 2015, the Group has developed a portfolio of 19 property development projects in various major cities or key towns in Jiangsu Province, completed a total gross floor area ( GFA ) of approximately 2.7 million sq.m. covering Changzhou, Nanjing, Yangzhou, Taizhou, Taixing, Suqian and Siyang. Our properties comprise various types of residential complexes and commercial properties such as communal style complexes and integrated commercial complexes in new 
LISTING ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE ON 8 MARCH 2016 In addition, this year marks a new chapter for the Group. Jiayuan International Group Limited has successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 8 March 2016 following its public offering commenced from 26 February 2016 in Hong Kong, and became the first company listed on the Main Board in the Year of Monkey. Leveraging upon the opportunity arising from the listing, the Group increased its information transparency and optimised its corporate governance system, and will also actively expand overseas and domestic financing channels to further optimise capital structure and reduce financing costs. We believe that all these measures will build a solid foundation for the Group s long- term sustainable growth.
OUTLOOK FOR 2016 As the current housing loan policy becomes stable gradually, it is believed that the destocking policy of the central government of the PRC will facilitate healthy development of China s property market. Looking forward to 2016, the Group will continue to expand in Jiangsu Province with concentration on the Pearl River Delta Region in the future. The Group will increase its quality land reserves when opportunities arise, but does not rule out the possibility to acquire land through merger and acquisition. Based on the core value of quality is the absolute principle , the Group will strengthen its competitive advantages on innovative product designs and incorporate key values including education , leisure and commercial into its development projects. In addition, the Group s management team is dedicated to refining the construction process and further enhancing the operational efficiency. We believe that the Group s quality property development projects will be well received in the regions in which we operate or plan to expand our operation. Our passion for excellence will enable us to increase our market share in the PRC and create greater value for shareholders.
Lastly, on behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ), I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to our shareholders. With the promising business performance this year, all staff of the Group will continue to take on the challenges ahead and maximise the return to our shareholders.
Jiayuan International Group Limited Shum Tin Ching 
