CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
Jiayuan International Group Limited is an established property developer of residential and commercial complexes in the
PRC. The Group’s business operations include the development and sale of residential and commercial properties and leasing
of commercial properties. Despite a slowdown of economic growth with gross domestic product of 6.7% in 2016, the
Group still benefited from the recovery of the real estate market and the full implementation of “two-child” policy under the
National 13th Five-Year Plan, which stimulated the housing demand.
RESULTS PERFORMANCE
Over the past year, the Group has been striving to seize market opportunities, and the major operational indicators grew
significantly. As of 31 December 2016, the Group achieved contracted sales of properties of RMB4.65 billion, representing
an increase of approximately 21.6% when compared to 2015. Property contracted sales area amounted to approximately
460,091 sq.m., representing an increase of approximately 21.5% when compared to 2015. The average price of contracted
sales was RMB10,102 per sq.m.. The annual revenue increased by 98% year-on-year to RMB3.7 billion. Net profit amounted
to RMB0.81 billion, representing a significant increase of 160.0%. Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to
approximately RMB0.81 billion, representing a significant increase of 189.0% from RMB0.28 billion in 2015. Earnings per
share also recorded a significant increase of 120.5% to RMB45.9 cents when compared to 2015.
GROUP OVERVIEW
The Group completed a number of significant transactions, including acquisition of interests in two parcels of land in
Yangzhou, one parcel of land in Zhenjiang and four parcels of land in Nantong, by way of mergers and acquisitions, and has
entered into agreements in relation to acquisition of land parcels in Luohu and Bao’an of Shenzhen in the second half of the
year, which fostered the rapid expansion of the Group’s property business coverage. As at 31 December 2016, the Group’s
property portfolio comprised 25 properties in various major cities in the PRC, with a completed total gross floor area (“GFA”)
of approximately 3.7 million sq.m. and land reserve of over 6.6 million sq.m., covering Changzhou, Nanjing, Yangzhou,
Taizhou, Taixing, Suqian and Siyang and new cities such as Nantong, Zhenjiang and Shenzhen. Besides further expansion in
the Yangtze River Delta Region, the Group also successfully enlarged the real estate business coverage to the major city in
Guangdong Province, thereby enhancing the brand name of “Jiayuan” in the Pearl River Delta Region.
PROSPECTS
The Group considers that the austerity policies introduced by the Central Government in 2016 would accelerate the
establishment of market stability mechanism and facilitate healthy development of the mainland property market. Against
the backdrop of accelerated integration of the Chinese property market, the Group will, based on its financial position and
market conditions, maintain an appropriate scale of investment, on one hand by participating in public land auction, and on
the other, through acquisition of enterprises with land resources by way of mergers and acquisitions, and participation in the
urban renewal projects, thereby increasing its land reserves through multiple channels in order to support stable growth in
this 13th Five-Year Plan period.
Looking forward to 2017, the Group will continue to expand new projects in Jiangsu Province, and focus on the expansion
of the Pearl River Delta Region. The Group will position Hong Kong as an oversea business development center, and develop
quality projects in nearby countries and regions in order to increase its quality land reserves, thereby achieving parallel
development in domestic and overseas markets and capturing the development opportunities in the global real estate
market. Lastly, on behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of the Company, I would like to extend my
sincere gratitude to our shareholders. With the promising business performance this year, all staff of the Group will continue
to make every effort to maximize the value for our shareholders.
Jiayuan International Group Limited
Shum Tin Ching
Chairman