Letter to Shareholders Strategic land bank acquisitions and abundant land resources position the Group for long-term sustainability and growth......

For 2016 the Group had a strong start with contracted sales growing significantly year-on-year. This set the tone for the Group s overall performance, despite the introduction of tightening measures later in the year. For most of the year, China s real estate sector recorded very strong volumes of contracted sales when compared against each month or year-on-year basis, largely on the back of policy easing and the availability of financing. In addition, general stability and a favorable economic environment ensured that macroeconomic factors did not create obstacles to the long-term sustainable development of the sector. The abolishment of China s one child policy and the country s greater focus on domestic investment created an ideal environment that stimulated sales across cities of various tiers and encouraged first-time purchasers. As a result, the Group was able to achieve its contracted sales target for the second year running, recording a high of RMB60.9 billion in contracted sales representing year- on-year growth of 12%. The corresponding amount of GFA sold in 2016 (4,693,500 sq.m.) also represented a record high, equivalent to a year-on-year increase of 14%. The tier 1 cities in which we operate were the strongest performers, but some notable tier 2 cities that enjoyed strong sales included Hainan, Huizhou, Fuzhou and its vicinity, and Wuxi.
SOLID CONTRACTED SALES SUPPORTED BY 
After setting a target for 2016 of RMB60 billion in contracted sales, the Group remained steadily on track each month to exceed its final sales target. The favorable industry environment was a catalyst that enabled the Group to accelerate its project launches to capture the sales momentum. Despite tightening policies having an impact on sales volume in the last quarter, these did not affect the Group s ability to meet its target. After making substantial land acquisitions in 2013, the Group has managed to grow the annual contracted sales from the RMB40 billion level to more than RMB60 billion over the past three years. For the three years ended 2016, contracted sales grew at a compound annual growth rate of 13% p.a. in terms of value, and 12% p.a. in terms of GFA.
Another notable achievement for the Group was the increase in geographical diversity of its contracted sales, which were spread across a larger number of cities and relied less on tier 1 cities that have historically been the backbone of the Group s sales strategy. In 2016, the top 10 cities contributed over 75% of total contracted sales, whereas in 2014 the same proportion of sales was concentrated in just the top 6 cities. Similarly, in 2016, the Group s tier 1 cities (Guangzhou, Beijing and vicinity, Shanghai and vicinity, Tianjin, and Hangzhou and vicinity) contributed 49% of its total contracted sales, whereas in 2014 the amount was over 66%. This diversification in contributions by city, and the increasing significance of contracted sales volumes from non-tier 1 cities, demonstrates the depth of our sales distribution network. The Group believes that by diversifying its sales distribution network, it is better able to weather cyclical fluctuations in certain markets and be more resilient in the face of government measures that have varying effects on different cities.
STRATEGIC LAND BANK ACQUISITIONS AND ABUNDANT LAND RESOURCES POSITION THE GROUP FOR LONG-TERM SUSTAINABILITY As noted in our interim review, land banking has become more challenging as developers have become increasingly aggressive in acquiring land bank across various cities. The emergence of land king transactions together with higher average land costs have meant the Group has had to be more selective when replenishing its land bank. Furthermore, increased sources of low-cost financing and higher levels of cash proceeds from strong contracted sales has provided more capital for developers to participate in land auctions and undertake mergers with or acquisitions of project companies. This situation led the Group to seek alternative means such as mergers and acquisitions of replenishing its own land bank while still keeping its costs low.
However, in the face of tightened liquidity and the introduction of austerity measures in the second half of 2016, the Group increased the pace of its land purchases, as prices trended lower, in order to lock in future land bank. In 2016, its total attributable land bank spending was RMB17.5 billion, which is equivalent to an estimated saleable area of 5,041,000 sq.m.
and represents just under 30% of our contracted sales. For 2016 the average cost of land acquired was RMB3,500 per sq.m. The Group s total attributable land bank of 38,481,000 sq.m. equates to approximately RMB1,700 per sq.m. based on estimated saleable area.
In a highly competitive land banking environment, the Group has been seeking diversified methods of acquiring land. In 2016, the Group reached a significant milestone by entering the only tier 1 city in which it did not previously have a presence, Shenzhen. The Shenzhen property market is one of the most active and competitive markets in China, due to its strategic proximity to Hong Kong and the limited availability of new land supply there. With a large and mobile population dominated by trades and services, acting as a technology hub for new start-ups and entrepreneurs, and having its own stock exchange bourse, Shenzhen is fast becoming a prominent city center whereby the under-supplied property market will be a key beneficiary. With this in mind, the Group strategically acquired a project company with development rights for approximately 248,000 sq.m. of attributable land bank, plus further potential for development of up to another 1,000,000 sq.m. of land bank. This strategy of acquiring project companies ensures that land costs remain relatively reasonable, even in red-hot tier 1 cities.
An alternative means of acquiring land bank that has proven successful in the past has been to engage in redevelopment or relocation projects whereby existing land bank is acquired and rezoned in order to increase the GFA available for sale. Late in the second half of 2016, one of the Group s redevelopment project Guangzhou Maogang West Urban Village broke ground to officially commence development of the project. The project will redevelop up to approximately 940,000 sq.m. of GFA situated to the east of the city of Guangzhou, approximately 30 minutes travelling time from Guangzhou s central Pearl River New Town, enjoying an excellent location. The Group has had significant success with monetizing redevelopment and relocation projects in the past which is a testament to our ability to acquire land bank though non-traditional acquisition methods to keep overall acquisition costs low.
LOWER FUNDING COSTS AND GREATER CHOICE OF FINANCING CHANNELS In 2016, the Group s weighted average cost of non-bank financing fell to 6.7% p.a., against 9.2% p.a. in 2015 after the Group issued domestic bonds of RMB6.5 billion at then historically low coupon rates of 4.95% p.a. In 2016, the Group went one step further by issuing a combined total of RMB42.5 billion in domestic bonds with coupon rates as low as 3.48% p.a., thus reducing the weighted average cost of its non-bank financing to 6.7% p.a. After refinancing its high interest- bearing debt and repaying maturities due, the average weighted cost of interest fell to 6.3% p.a. and average debt maturity increased to 3 4 years at the end of 2016. The refinancing exercise was part of a strategy to reduce the ongoing burden of the Group s debt financing and improve its overall financial liquidity by reducing its short-term maturities.
Another strategic decision made in the year was to exercise a call option on all our outstanding USD secured senior notes maturing in 2019 and 2020, in light of the improved financing environment and the wider availability of financing. Given the relatively high coupon rates of 8.5% p.a. and 8.75% p.a.
respectively for the 2019 and 2020 bonds, the Group made plans to redeem the bonds when the call option was exercisable in January of 2017, and hence notified bondholders in December 2016. Hence, the balance of total debt at year-end takes into account factors such as certain secured commitment funding drawn down in USD in anticipation of meeting offshore funding requirements for the bond call after the balance sheet date.
Further to obtaining secured commitment funding at year-end, the Group also took advantage of improved market conditions at year-end to issue new 5-year US$265 million senior notes with a coupon of 5.75% p.a., maturing in 2022. After a positive response, the Group re-opened the senior notes in early January 2017 to raise a further US$460 million, making a combined transaction size of US$725 million. This transaction represented the largest single tranche offering by any Chinese developer in the last 12 months, and was the first time the Group had ever issued USD senior notes at rates below 6% p.a.
As the above financing exercise began prior to year-end but refinancing took place after year-end, the pro forma net effect (i.e. the net effect of year-end commitment financing related to USD loans, bond issuance, and the calls of bonds maturing in 2019 and 2020) was that net debt at year-end increased slightly to RMB74.88 billion, making a net debt to total equity ratio of 160%. The net effect of exercising the call option and of issuing new senior notes was that the Group s outstanding USD senior note fell to US$725 million. This will reduce any negative effects that could arise due to the potential further depreciation of the Renminbi against the US Dollar.
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS OF 2016 For the second year running the Group met its full year contracted sales target, with contracted sales increasing to RMB60.9 billion (a rise of 12% over contracted sales for 2015) on the back of more favourable market sentiment in China s property sector. There was never any doubt throughout the year that the Group would meet its full sales target, despite having set a higher target than for 2015. In line with the growth in contracted sales, gross floor area (GFA) sold also increased by 14%, to 4,693,500 sq.m. A notable difference in the breakdown of contracted sales in 2016 as against 2015 was their distribution across a larger number of cities than previously, with sales in tier one cities decreasing to 49% of total contracted sales, compared with 59% in 2015.
Turnover (for the accounting income statement) surpassed RMB50 billion for the first time in the Group s history. GFA delivery also reached a historical high of 4,209,000 sq.m., with average selling prices of RMB11,760 per sq.m., an increase of 1%. This occurred as the Group diversified away from a high proportion of tier 1 cities and fewer commercial properties were recognized. Correspondingly, turnover and GFA delivery increased by 21% and 20% respectively compared with the same period in 2015, and net profit increased by 5% to RMB7.06 billion. The Group s ability to maintain and increase the scale of its turnover in the last two years illustrates the success of management s execution strategy.
In 2016 the Group s land banking activities remained relatively prudent, given its perception that the overall land bank market was overheating as land auctions and acquisitions achieved record prices. Accordingly, the Group chose to be selective when making purchases. In 2016 the Group acquired 5,041,000 sq.m. of land to maintain a total attributable saleable area of 38,481,000 sq.m. after deducting the delivery of saleable area in 2016. The Group maintained its land banking focus on five key areas: the regions of the Pearl River Delta, Beijing-Tianjin- Hebei, the Yangtze River Delta, Taiyuan, and Hainan. Despite the very active market, the average cost of land acquired by the Group in 2016 was only RMB3,500 per sq.m., illustrating the Group s discipline in the area of cost controls. The Group was able to achieve such cost controls by undertaking project acquisitions and redevelopment projects in Shenzhen and Guangzhou, thus avoiding high auction prices.
Our overseas projects in Australia (Brisbane) and Malaysia (Johor Bahru) are currently undergoing presales, and are continuing to progress steadily. In particular, the initial launches of our Brisbane No.1 project have received an overwhelming response.
Its growing success in overseas projects has enhanced the Group s confidence to expand further into new overseas destinations. The Group will continue to seek selective offshore opportunities that provides attractive long-term strategic benefits and returns.
In 2016, the Group continued to take advantage of the availability of lower-cost financing to reduce its existing high- cost debt or retire funding that it deemed expensive. After issuing RMB42.5 billion of domestic bonds at a weighted average cost of 4.65% p.a. during the year, the Group repaid or refinanced a significant amount of high cost debt. The result was that the effective cost of interest for the year (including all debt) decreased to 6.3% p.a. (compared with 7.8% p.a. in 2015). Significant debt repaid within the last 12 months included trust financing of RMB1.64 billion at approximately 11.4% p.a., US$388 million of senior notes with interest of 10.875% p.a., US$600 million of senior notes with interest of 8.75% p.a., and US$1 billion of senior notes with interest of 8.5% p.a. After the issuance of domestic bonds and its various refinancing exercises, the Group still has an approved quota of RMB7 billion and a pending application for a further quota of medium-term notes available as potential future financing channels. This means that the Group has adequate liquidity to meet its funding needs.
THE OUTLOOK FOR 2017 Changes in the political environment around the world following the recent US elections, expected rising US interest rates, and continued concerns about further Renminbi depreciation, means attention is turning back to China and its domestic strength as a driver for global growth. After growth of 6.7% in China s GDP in 2016, China growth is expected to remain relatively stable in 2017 despite concerns about asset prices and debt levels. China continues to be one of the most attractive countries in Asia in which to invest, and further improvements following the restructuring of its financial markets and expansion in its investment products should ensure that capital will remain in the region. In 2016, a total of 280 companies received A-share listing approvals, against 251 in 2015. The launch of the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect in late 2016 should further stimulate investment interest in China s developing stock market. The acceleration of approvals also bodes well for the Group s pending A-share issuance plans.
After a year of strong contracted sales coupled with a significant number of developers having refinanced either domestic debt or early redemption of high interest-bearing US high-yield bonds, the sector is generally in a stronger liquidity position than a year ago. This is despite a series of tightening measures announced in some overheated cities at the beginning of the fourth quarter that have curbed transaction volumes and average selling prices. In 2016 and the beginning of 2017, the USD bond market was also quite active, enabling developers to take advantage of low funding cost environments to raise lower coupon and longer-dated bonds. The Group took advantage of the issuance window in early January 2017 by issuing US$725 million of senior notes maturing in five years with a coupon of 5.75%. This USD senior notes issuance was significant because it was the second largest tranche in the Group s issuance history, as well as being the lowest yielding coupon.
PLANS AND PROJECTS FOR 2017 With financing in place and a sufficient number of land acquisitions completed in the later half of 2016, the Group is well-positioned to continue with the execution of its growth plans in 2017. The Group has set a contracted sales target of RMB73 billion for the year, which represents growth of 20% over 2016. The contracted sales target is higher than that previously guided by the Group and therefore highlights our cautious optimism for the sector. The Group will continue to diversify its sources for contracted sales across a broader distribution of cities to increase the scale of its targeted sales.
This increase in scale will have a negative effect on the absolute margins of projects for sale, but will be offset by larger sales volumes and a reduction in the risk of concentration in our key 
In line with its higher year-on-year contracted sales target, the Group will also steadily increase its GFA delivery schedule. Over the last few years, both its GFA under construction and its new starts have been largely in line with liquidity and market sentiment. With improved market sentiment and more financing available, the Group will look to increase both its GFA under construction and its new starts, to ensure that it has sufficient GFA resources available for sale. The Group will target a higher level of new starts in 2017 to enable to it to meet its higher contracted sales target for 2017 as well as subsequent years.
After reviving its A-share listing plans in 2015, the Group continues to move towards its goal in 2017. With the pace of new listing approvals accelerating in the latter half of 2016, the Group has placed significant effort into advancing the progress of its listing application process. Listing is subject to approval by the China Securities and Regulatory Commission.
We remain confident that approval will eventually be 
The Group s momentum is increasing and its project scale is moving in the right direction according to the strategies highlighted above. On behalf of the Group s management, I would like to extend my appreciation for the loyalty shown by all our shareholders and investors. Without this continued support, and especially the confidence placed in management to navigate challenging conditions, the Group could not have achieved the successes of the past year. I would also like to thank our customers for the faith they have placed in the Group s development projects and for their recognition of the quality of our sales and development team. Lastly, with the Group s business footprint expanding both domestically and in overseas markets, it is critical to have a team of capable senior management and dedicated staff to execute our strategies and to deliver on our promises to shareholders. Hence, I would like to sincerely thank our Directors and our thousands of staff members for their commitment, hard work, and relentless efforts to ensure that each task and objective is completed to the highest standards. With such a team in place, alongside a set of clear objectives for growth, I and my management team are highly confident that the Group will reach a number of new milestones in 2017.
Li Sze Lim Zhang Li Chairman Co-chairman and Chief Executive Officer 