LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 
Prosperity is a condition that every company strives to achieve, but there is a wider sense of prosperity to which we here at R&F are committed. A prosperous society is one where every individual and corporate member plays a part in improving the quality of life of the whole community.
Our role in contributing towards a prosperous society is one of providing high-quality buildings that genuinely enrich the lives of those who use them, whether as personal residences, workplaces, or leisure destinations.
In 2010, we successfully built and sold a wide range of properties across twelve different cities of China, for the use of thousands of people from many different socio- economic groups. The success of our work over the past year has also involved close collaboration at every step with the authorities, industry peers, and the community at large. We believe only through this level of engagement can we provide the best possible solutions for our country s social and structural development.
Our activities during 2010 were conducted with government efforts to prevent the overheating of the property market in the background. Despite these government initiatives, however, the process of urbanization has continued apace, driving demand for property and keeping sales strong. This enabled the Company to achieve a full-year turnover from sales of properties of RMB23 billion, representing sales of around 2.256 million sq.m. of saleable area. We are pleased with our overall profit for the year, which was more than satisfactory and amounted to RMB4.46 billion.
Throughout the year we have managed to maintain a steady pace of construction at our many sites, and achieve timely delivery of our completed projects. Our land bank has been replenished to a level giving us enough land for around three to five years of projects, representing a healthy cushion for future development. Replenishment of our land bank has been undertaken carefully and thoughtfully, and as a result we have acquired some very high quality land in 2010 at attractive prices; the larger acquisitions have been made in collaboration with other developers, thus spreading our risk. We remain in a position of strong liquidity, with substantial cash resources at our disposal. All in all, given strong market demand and a healthy corporate position, our Company is very well placed to move from strength to strength in the coming 
FACING THE REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT In 2010, the Chinese government remained concerned about speculation in property and the potential destabilizing effects of rapidly rising property prices. As one of China s most reputable property players, the Group has consistently supported ongoing government initiatives to stabilise the market for the sake of social stability and inclusiveness. Specifically, we support government initiatives to keep property prices steady, and we have regularly and successfully adjusted our strategies and targets to reflect the government policy. We believe that co-operating fully with the government will help our Group and other property developers convince it to offer more support to our industry, for example by taking the developers concerns into greater consideration when trying to balance supply and demand and maintain price 
During 2010, the government implemented a number of new regulatory measures affecting property development and purchase which proved to be amongst the most extensive seen in recent years. The measures were implemented in three waves in January, April and September 2010, each of which had a different focus of control. The new regulations were designed to cover all the important policy issues; amongst other things, they introduced restrictions on the availability of financing for the purchase of second properties, increased the supply of residential land in those cities where house prices had risen excessively, reduced the scope for preferential treatment for deed tax, and increased efforts towards developing 
These measures had mixed success in the market. They suppressed price rises to an extent, and dampened enthusiasm for property speculation. However both prices and sales volumes experienced only mild corrections, in the face of the steady and inevitable process of urbanization, which still has a long way to go, still-rising personal incomes in the cities, and widespread consumer concern about the effects of inflation.

Given the wide-ranging regulatory measures described above, the Company s achievements during the year were most satisfactory. The effects of regulation were reflected in our sales at certain times of year, but bullish market sentiment and the Company s high quality offerings between them meant that our overall sales for the year exceeded our original target for 2010 of RMB30 billion, reaching RMB32 billion. This was achieved despite the fact that, in May and June, our monthly contracted sales dropped below the RMB2 billion mark in response to the second batch of regulatory measures. From July, sales rebounded and reached a peak of RMB4.4 billion in November, when sales of the high-end R&F No.10 apartments in Beijing were launched. Overall, both turnover and profit rose against last year, a result that we consider most satisfactory given the regulatory environment during the year.
The Company s land acquisition policy remained conservative during the year, with plots of land only being acquired at reasonable cost, and with a number of larger acquisitions undertaken on a joint basis with other developers so as to spread risk. In addition, we are careful to link our replenishment rate with the progress of sales; we are ready to mirror any slowdown in sales with a slower rate of land acquisition. Having said that, we remain constantly alert to potential bargains when times are tough.
In total, the Company acquired a GFA of 3.78 million sq.m.
across the six cities of Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, Taiyuan, Huizhou and Nanjing. Of these, the land acquired in Shanghai and Tianjin, which is of particularly high potential, was acquired in co-operation with other developers. As a result of the year s activities, the land bank attributable to the Company at the end of 2010 stood at approximately 24.48 million sq.m., representing a slight increase over the amount held at the end of 2009. We see this as a good level of replenishment.
ACQUISITIONS AND DEVELOPMENTS Having described the broader picture of the Company s achievements, it is worth taking a closer look at some of the highlights of our business during the year. As mentioned, two of the Company s land acquisitions in 2010 were undertaken jointly with other parties. Both are large-scale projects with huge potential, and both will require high levels of investment and expertise. In line with our established strategy, we decided that the best way forward with such sites was to pool resources with one or more reputable property developers in order to maximize the benefits of the sites.
In Tianjin, we made a joint acquisition with KWG Property, Agile Property and Shimao Property of a GFA 3 million sq.m. residential and commercial site in the Jinnan District of the city, representing a 25% stake in the whole project. Meanwhile, in Shanghai, we worked with KWG in a joint 5050 acquisition of the Shanghai California Place project, a mixed-use project including residential, retail, office and hotel development. The acquisition represents the Company s first venture into metro Shanghai, after having earlier conducted some projects in the vicinity. Also during the year, in preparation for further development of the Asian Games Village project in which the Company acquired a stake in 2009, we invited two further reputable developers, Shimao Property and Citic Real Estate, to join with the existing developers (R&F, Agile, and Country Garden) in a broader co-development partnership.
During the year, the Company also acquired its first ever block of land in Nanjing, in Jiangsu Province. This expands the number of cities in which the Company is operating to thirteen. The land has a GFA of 545,000 sq.m. and will be developed as a mixed-use project, to include low-density residential housing, offices, and a hotel.
The Company has been working for some time to expand its product range to include commercial properties, villas, and both mid-range and high-end apartments.
The final step in that expansion was completed with the sales launch, in the second half of 2010, of its high-end apartment range in Beijing s R&F No. 10. With an average price of over RMB44,000 per sq.m., these apartments represent the most luxurious residential units the Company has ever offered for sale. China s thriving economy was in evidence as prospective homebuyers snapped up all available units, with demand far exceeding supply in this 
In another successful high-profile development during the year, in November the Company opened its R&F Panda City Tianhui Mall in Chengdu. Superbly located at the heart of the city, the Tianhui Mall boasts a style and quality previously unseen in Chengdu. Ultra-contemporary in design, the mall also hosts a number of international brand name outlets that are entering Chengdu for the first time and are only available at this location. The Tianhui Mall also has another significance for the Company; after a hiatus in its development of investment properties, this is the first to be launched in three years.
RESPONDING TO CHANGES A prominent theme of our message this year has been the need to co-operate with and adapt to ongoing regulatory changes, which are designed to have a powerful impact on our industry. It is therefore important that we closely consider the likely regulatory outlook for the coming year, and develop strategies for moving our business forward in the light of further likely changes.
We do not expect any let-up in further attempts at regulation in 2011, especially since no less a figure than Premier Wen himself has spoken publicly, most recently at the Fourth Session of the 11th National People s Congress, about the government s resolve to keep housing prices under control. If house prices were to surge yet again, we believe that dampening measures would be further ramped up. Full details of the government s likely strategies are still unclear and they may vary according to region, but at the time of writing property taxes have been introduced in some cities. For instance, in January 2011 both Chongqing and Shanghai introduced property taxes, although the tax rates and the scope of application have proved milder than expected. China s leaders have also stressed the need for a greater supply of low-income urban housing, and have set some ambitious targets for achieving this goal.
How will these likely developments affect our Company in the coming year? It is essential, we believe, that we maintain a conservative approach for the immediate future, and be ready to adjust and adapt to any changes that may be imposed from above. In terms of utilization of resources, we will continue with our strategy of cautious land acquisition, and only acquiring land when prices are reasonable. At the same time, we will be ensuring we keep sufficient cash on hand to act as a cushion in case of sudden sales slowdown or any contraction in the availability of credit.
TARGETS AND EXPECTATIONS In the light of what we have seen in the past year, and our expectations for the market, we have developed what we see as a realistic set of targets for 2011. In our 2011 plan, all 13 of the cities in which we are operating will continue to be important, but our priorities will be Beijing, Tianjin, Taiyuan, Guangzhou and Hainan. We have developed a set of clear goals for key areas such as contracted sales, square metre delivery, and average selling price; however, we will also be devolving to an extent by giving the local offices for each city more autonomy when it comes to selecting the best strategies to achieve these targets for their own area. In breakdown, we have set a contracted sales target of RMB40 billion for 2011, a realistic figure we believe as it is supported by plans to launch around 40 projects during the year. As for our target square metre delivery, we have set it at 2.9 million sq.m. for the year.
Our intention is, over time, to spread delivery more evenly across the year.
We have several times emphasized the Company s intention to avoid paying excessive prices when replenishing its land bank. It is worth emphasizing here that this policy, when combined with high-level negotiating skills and good networking, still allows for the acquisition of high quality land at very reasonable costs. An example is the Company s recent (January 2011) acquisition of a 274,000 sq.m. GFA site in Yang Ji Village, in Guangzhou s Yue Xiu District. Large, centrally located sites like this one are in exceptionally short supply in Guangzhou, yet the Company was able to acquire this for a most reasonable price, largely as a result of lengthy and patient discussion by its expert negotiators.
Something should also be mentioned here of the Company s investment properties which, as predicted some time ago, are gradually fulfilling their intended purposes and bringing steady income streams into the Company s coffers. We expect that income stream to grow with the opening of Chengdu s Tianhui mall, and we are happy to note that our hotel is also now achieving high levels of occupancy and should contribute strongly in the 
Acquiring new capital for future growth remains a special challenge, particularly because under the People s Republic of China (the PRC ) securities regulations, our status as an H-share company places constraints on our ability to access resources from the capital markets. We are always looking at innovative ways to enhance our channels for financing, and are confident that the work we are doing to this end now will mean we will in the future be able to draw on new sources of investment capital to help us grow further.
China faces some significant challenges in the coming year, with many pressures being exerted on the traditional harmony of its social and economic order. Here at R&F, we are confident that these challenges can be met and met well, with careful, thoughtful policy-making and an emphasis on long-term social prosperity for all. Success at this macro level can only be of benefit to the property sector in the long run. In short, we believe that a sound, harmonious society is a necessary foundation for a prosperous and well-regulated property industry.

The time has come once again to formally thank all those who have helped us fulfill our goals for the Company over the past twelve months. Special thanks are due to our shareholders and other investors, whose confidence and backing are so vital for our success. We must also thank our many customers who have recognized the quality and value of our projects through their purchases and, in the process, helped make us such a respected and trusted name in China. Finally, we would like yet again to single out the Company s Directors and all the rest of its staff, whose commitment and enthusiasm has created such a great forward momentum. Together, we will work even harder to make 2011 a good one for the Company and all 
