chairman s message 2008 will be a year of 
Dr. LO Ka Shui On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present Champion REIT s annual report for the financial year ended 31 
2007 was the first full operational year for the Trust. The Trust s property asset value has risen to HK$28.3 billion at the end of the year, an increase of 20.6% over the previous year end, in line with the general rise in commercial property values in Hong Kong, and Net Asset Value increased from HK$6.04 to HK$6.98 per Unit.
It remains Champion s policy to pay out 100% of income for distribution to Unitholders. The Distribution per Unit for the first half of the 2007 was HK$0.1366, and improved to HK$0.2031 in the second half of the year. This increase was indicative of the strong momentum of underlying rental growth at Citibank Plaza. Based on the closing Unit price of HK$4.57 as at 31 December 2007 and the total Distribution per Unit of HK$0.3397, Champion was able to provide its Unitholders with a distribution yield of 
The Trust is now prepared to embark on its next phase of development and 2008 will be a year of transformation for Champion REIT. The management team has recently assembled a transaction package for the acquisition of the shopping mall and office tower of Langham Place. The approval of independent Unitholders has been obtained and completion of the acquisition is targeted for the first half of 2008, should market conditions prove amenable to the intended capital raising exercise. It represents a major step forward in Champion s strategy to leave behind its financial engineering status and proceed with yield accretive 
Net Asset Value increased from HK$6.04 to HK$6.98 
Yield enhancement aspects of Champion s financial structure will be removed.
In 2008 Champion REIT should be able to pay out a Distribution per Unit of 
free of financial engineering.
As part of the proposed transaction, yield enhancement aspects of Champion s financial structure will be removed. This is now possible as a solid foundation based on strong rental income at Citibank Plaza has been established. As disclosed in the forecasts of the acquisition circular, in 2008 Champion REIT should be able to pay out, free of financial engineering, a Distribution per Unit of approximately HK$0.25 assuming completion of the acquisition takes place on 29 February 2008. Proceeds will be received from the anticipated unwinding of financial engineering, and Unitholders can expect an additional amount of distribution over and above the HK$0.25 per Unit.
After the acquisition, Champion is expected to become one of the ten largest REITs in Asia including Japan. It will also have successfully diversified its property portfolio beyond its current predominant exposure to the financial industry to include significant retail and trading elements. The Trust will own two trophy properties on both sides of the Hong Kong Harbour.
Going forward, Champion REIT will continue to pursue a prudent strategy of growth to generate stable and sustainable distributions for our Unitholders in the years to come.
LO Ka Shui 
