K. S. Lo s 
Champion REIT is now one of the ten biggest real estate investment trusts in Asia.
My fellow unitholders, on behalf of the Board I am pleased to present Champion REIT s annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2008. I am heart- ened to report that Champion REIT has by and large remained so far unscathed by the crisis unfolding in the wake of Lehman Brother s collapse. 2008 was in fact a year characterized by growth for Champion REIT, in terms of both the size and breadth of its revenue.
Revenues have continued to rise and the value of the Trust s property assets now stand at HK$40.05 billion, as compared to HK$28.3 billion at the end of last year.
chairman s report 
Champion REIT also set a new precedent & by being the first HK REIT to unwind its 
The year marked the first major acquisition by a Hong Kong listed REIT as Langham Place was added to the Champion portfolio. The acquisition has proved a timely one, and the addition of Langham Place s retail based income will serve to reduce Champion REIT s dependence on the financial sector. As a result of the acquisition, the commercial floor space owned by the Trust has almost doubled to 2.85 million sq. ft. Champion REIT is now one of the ten biggest real estate investment trusts in Asia (including Japan) in terms of market capitalization.
Champion REIT also set a new precedent for the Hong Kong REIT sector by being the first HK REIT to unwind its financial engineering during 2008. Consequently, Champion REIT is now offering a yield directly related to its property income, meeting the demands of investors for greater financial transparency.
As a reflection of the decline in property prices in Hong Kong, Net Asset Value (NAV) has decreased to HK$5.37 per Unit.
This however, has not diminished the Trust s capacity to generate distributions.
The total Distribution per Unit (DPU) for the year is HK$0.3198, comprising HK$0.1788 already paid out as an interim distribution and HK$0.1410 to be paid out as the final distribution. Underlying Distribution per Unit, which excludes the impact yield enhancement mechanisms such as interest rate swaps and distribution waivers, was HK$0.2188, representing a 67.3% increase over the prior year period.
Looking forward, Champion REIT will continue to pursue a prudent strategy of generating stable and sustainable distributions for our Unitholders.
LO Ka Shui The year marked the first major acquisition by a Hong Kong listed REIT as Langham Place was added to the Champion portfolio.
The acquisition has proved a timely one, and the addition of Langham Place s retail based income will serve to reduce Champion REIT s dependence on the 
