LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 
The year 2014 proved a significant transformational period for the Chinese economy as a whole, and the changes that have taken place have been a major factor in both the Group s performance for the year and in our strategic planning for the future. Our net profit for the year was RMB6.51 billion and our contracted sales enjoyed a 29% increase over 2013, to RMB54.4 billion, representing steady growth. However, this contracted sales was lower than our original targets, as a result of some significant changes that took place in the macroeconomic environment. What we saw over the year was an adjustment from several years of very rapid growth in China to an economic environment that has been widely described as the new normal that is, one of steadier and more sustainable growth. Although the new normal is likely to mean general economic growth will be less spectacular than we have seen in previous years, it also promises to benefit the property industry in a number of 
THE IMPACT OF THE NEW NORMAL China s economy in 2014 moved away from its former heavy reliance on investment and exports, and towards a trajectory of more sustainable consumption-led growth. A right balance between tight and loose fiscal and monetary policies will move the economy steadily forward. This is in effect a structural transformation of the economy, and the adjustments involved led to a slowing of GDP growth in 2014 to 7.4%, and which is predicted to ease further to 7% for 2015. This is a shift to the new normal , a state of affairs that characterized by slower but more sustainable economic growth. Businesses will need to adapt to this 
The new normal economy is having a natural knock- on effect on the property industry, bringing about a new normal environment for property developers. To begin with, new normal for developers is translating into a more mature and rational market, less prone to speculation and sudden unpredictable spikes of activity. Secondly, growth is becoming slower but steadier, on the back of a better balance between supply and demand. Thirdly, a much higher degree of market differentiation is developing than was previously the case, requiring more careful planning on the part of property developers.
THE REGULATORY AND MARKET 
The overall regulatory philosophy of relying on market mechanisms rather than administrative controls continued in 2014, and no new controlling measures were introduced. The existing control regime proved largely effective in producing the corrections desired in the property market and, as a result, controls over credit and purchase restrictions were further eased towards the end of the year. November saw the first cut in the interest rate for lending in over two years, while by the end of the year the number of cities with purchase restrictions in place had fallen to four, all first-tier cities, from a previous high of 46 
Generally speaking, in 2014 the property market continued to undergo correction in line with the wider economic shift to its new normal , with control measures being kept firmly in place until late in the year. This meant lower sales prices and lower volumes of sales in most cities, as well as fewer record land transactions setting record prices, and less investment in the industry. In practical terms, these corrections resulted in a gradual realignment of supply and demand, making for a much better balance of supply and demand in first-tier cities in particular.
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS OF 2014 In 2014, turnover was slightly lower than in 2013, leading to a decrease in net profit. The Group s contracted sales increased by 29% over contracted sales for 2013 to RMB54.4 billion. This figure, however, fell short of the original sales target for the year, while contracted sales in square metres increased by 20% to 4.05 million sq.m.
Meanwhile, construction during the year largely proceeded on schedule, enabling the delivery of 3.16 million sq.m.
of properties for sale, an increase of 16% over 2013.
The reasons underpinning the Group s performance are 
The Group s lower-than-targeted contracted sales figure was closely tied with the shift towards the new normal China economy. The market was weaker than expected as various economic fundamentals were adjusted, and in addition the Group declined to take part in price competition for some of its properties, seeing this as merely squandering the value of its precious land resources and as being fundamentally unsustainable in the longer term. To avoid such price competition, the Group adjusted its timetable for launch of sales as appropriate.
Land acquisitions were cut back during the year, mainly because in the previous year the Group had acquired land bank holdings of sufficient quality and quantity to sustain its development program throughout 2014 and beyond.
Land bank acquisitions in Mainland China amounted to GFA of 2.317 million sq.m., bringing the Group s total land bank to 42.94 million sq.m. No land in new cities was acquired during the year. Of the new land acquired, a small percentage related to four new projects, while over 80% was acquired with the intention of adding new phases to existing projects undertaken by the Group. This ratio reflects the Group s cautious approach over the year, with the bulk of the newly acquired land being used in projects for which the Group has the benefit of past experience in development and sales. In such ways we are ensuring that every piece of land acquired meets our performance 
Having first expanded outside China to Malaysia, in the past year the Group took advantage of the attractive Australian property market to acquire five development sites in the country, first in Melbourne and later in Brisbane.
One driver for this decision was Australia s reasonable land prices (relative to the China market), which required only a modest investment by the Group; another related reason was that the sites available allowed for reasonable profit margins being achieved. Sales of the completed developments are expected to benefit from significant interest from Mainland Chinese investors, increasing numbers of whom are now looking to acquire property in advanced Western economies. With Melbourne recently ranked first in the Most Liveable City list compiled by The Economist magazine, this city in particular has a lot in its favour for both investors and Chinese looking for a base 
In December, the Group acquired the InterContinental Huizhou Resort as part of its hotel business. This is a mature luxury resort hotel with upmarket facilities that include hot springs and a golf course. The acquisition of this hotel brings the total number of our hotels to eight.
Most significantly, the new hotel has added valuable diversification to our hotel portfolio, which up until now consisted purely of business hotels located in city centres.
On the financing front, the Group began the year strongly with its issuance of USD1.0 billion 8.5% Senior Notes due 2019. It followed up this significant transaction in the offshore market by turning its attention to the China domestic capital market. In October, it repaid its RMB5.5 billion domestic corporate bond using internal resources. The Group did not arrange for immediate direct refinancing; instead we are taking some time to explore financing instrument options in the domestic capital market that best suited the Group s capital structure including, but not limited to, domestic corporate bonds. In late 2014, domestic companies gained access to RMB medium term notes on the interbank market; these have attributes that seem like they could suit the Group well, and we will be further considering this option. At this stage, we are awaiting the best time for selecting our instrument of 
THE OUTLOOK FOR 2015 In 2015, China policies on property are expected to continue in the same direction as in 2014. Their administrative nature should be gradually reduced, as part of the move towards a more rational and predictable system in the longer term. Eventually the various policy objectives in the related spheres of finance, land supply, affordable housing and revenue will be synchronized, which should be much easier to achieve under the new normal state of the industry. Administrative control measures such as purchase restrictions is expected to be lifted in due course, and there may be further interest rate cut during the coming year.
With the inventories of property developers having been adjusted to more reasonable levels and purchasers coming to expect new normal conditions, the property market looks set for slower growth in 2015, and any increases in property sale prices are likely to be moderate.
Overall market demand is expected to shift away from its previous focus on rigid demand type housing and instead be much more driven by those looking to improve or upgrade their living environment. This will result in different market characteristics from city to city, with local and regional market differences likely to become much more 
PLANS AND PROJECTS FOR 2015 The Group has adjusted its plans for the coming year appropriately, in line with the macroeconomic background and outlook sketched above. To begin with, our growth expectations have been pegged against the outlook for China s new normal economy, for which slower and more stable growth at around 7% for 2015 has been estimated.
As a result, the Group has set its contracted sales target for 2015 at RMB60 billion, a modest 10% increase over the actual sales achieved in 2014. For the Group, this easing of the pace of growth brings a number of advantages; for instance, it allows us to fine-tune the deployment of our resources (including our land bank, finance arrangements and manpower) to ensure we achieve long-term growth under current market conditions. This will also give us the chance to ensure we are competing strongly not simply on price, but also in terms of product quality.
As for the Group s business focus, it will move more heavily towards activity in first- and second-tier cities.
We do not expect to engage in many land acquisitions during the year, and in particular will not be looking to acquire further land in third- or fourth-tier cities. If suitable land does become available for acquisition, the Group will restrict its purchases to first-tier cities such as Beijing and Guangzhou. Our selection criteria for land acquisition will also become more stringent than ever, with feasibility studies adopting more conservative estimates and net profit margin requirements being shifted higher. One of the Group s proven strengths is its expertise in the redevelopment of city core areas, and this type of project will be high on the Group s agenda. We do believe that taking on more of such projects will help the Group to meet 
In terms of product type, the Group has taken account of demographic trends in today s China and is considering giving more weighting to retirement properties or other property aimed at older age groups. With the prediction that demand for property is likely to shift from the rigid demand type to the improvement type, we will also be looking to adjust our product range and tap into the growing improvement type market.
A top priority on the management front will remain the efficient and prudent management of our cash flow. Good cash flow management affects all aspects of the Group s operations. In marketing, we will be looking to achieve more creative and efficient marketing results that will in turn improve sales. We aim to control construction costs, which impact most on our overall costs, by becoming more flexible with the pace of construction of different projects in response to changes in market conditions and inventory levels. We will also be looking to boost the profitability of individual projects by introducing a minimum net margin target; this will be different for different product categories such as mass market and high-end projects, but it must be met in all cases.

In a year of important changes in the China property environment, thanks are due to our shareholders and other investors, and the support they have offered as we have identified and developed new ways forward. Our customers are another group that I would like to thank on behalf of the Group; their support in the form of buying homes from us is the ultimate measure of how well the Group understands the market and how successfully it is pursuing its goals. Within the Group, I would like to express my sincere thanks to the Directors, whose experience and wisdom have moved us forward in important ways. Finally, my thanks go out to our thousands of staff members, who have translated our corporate values into concrete action through their hard work and dedicated service.
With all these groups supporting our management team so effectively, we can indeed be confident of a strong year ahead for the Group.
Li Sze Lim Zhang Li Chairman Co-chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
R&F Royal Villa 
R&F Princess Cove 