Letter to Shareholders 
E ARE PLEASED to report on an active and successful year past for our Group, Guangzhou R&F Properties. Both our turnover and profit margin met our targets for 2007, with turnover rising by around 45% and profits by 148% over the results for 2006. We are particularly proud that we managed to achieve this despite significant uncertainties in the market, as China s government continued with its implementation of measures to cool a runaway economy. Our total turnover for the year under review amounted to RMB14.8 billion, which represented sales of around 1.41 million square metres of saleable area. Our profit for the year was RMB5.315 billion.
Contracted sales continued to be impressive, with the Group tallying up RMB16.1 billion in contracted sales over the year, representing 40% growth 
In the light of these results, the Board has proposed a final dividend of RMB0.25 per share, subject to approval by our shareholders at the annual 
From the point of view of replenishing and expanding our land bank during the course of 2007, we had a very good year. Four of our acquisitions were particularly large ones, and hold significant development potential. Our strong forward momentum was marked by a couple of changes towards the end of the year. In November we moved into our stunning new headquarters in the R&F Center in Guangzhou, and in December we occupied the brand- new Beijing R&F Center as our northern headquarters.
As at the end of 2007 we remain amongst China s leading property developers, and we are absolutely determined not to let this top tier status slip from our grasp. Our achievements over the past year have proved that R&F has a deep knowledge of the China property market and the needs of ordinary Chinese home-buyers. We are completely committed to providing quality homes in medium- and medium-high-end property developments. In short, we have the resources, the experience and the confidence to deliver what we are best at. We are convinced that this will continue to bring exceptionally rewarding benefits for homebuyers and investors alike.
WE RE COMMITTED 
From the point 
our land bank, we had a very 
Making our mark felt across China The Chinese government placed considerable pressure on players in the property sector over the year, and R&F performed very well under these conditions. We achieved a significant 40% rise in contracted sales over 2006, recording RMB16.1 billion of contracted sales for the year and achieving excellent average selling prices per square metre. This fine performance made it clear that, regardless of the macro environment, the Group has the products, the acumen and the business model to excel in the market and be a top performer in its sector.
In recent years the Group has successfully expanded outwards from its traditional home territory of Guangzhou. We established an early presence in Beijing, and in 2004 we began our first project in nearby Tianjin, where in 2006 and 2007 we were involved in a total of five projects. Also in 2007, we took our first steps into the vibrant Shanghai market, embarking on two major projects there. Currently then, we have a strong profile in some of China s renowned tier-one cities: Guangzhou, Beijing, Tianjin, and most recently Shanghai. These first-tier cities are, economically, China s most important, and our activities here remain our Group s primary focus.

Chongqing R&F Modern Plaza 
Guangzhou R&F Center WE GO BEYOND 
Over 70% of the units of our R&F City project in 
the public were pre-sold in the 
In addition, we have continued diversifying by expanding into good locations in municipality cities across the country, where land prices remain very reasonable and potential for adding value is high. For instance, in 2007 we developed our presence in Chongqing and Chengdu in Western China, where we have built up a particularly strong and promising land bank. We are very confident about opportunities here because of recent government initiatives and incentives that are encouraging economic development in the western parts of the country. Consider for example the public response to our R&F City project in Chongqing. Over 70% of the units made available to the public were pre-sold in the first week: that represents a remarkable take-up.
We expect Western China to play a strong role in our business development plans over the next three or four years, as more of our projects come onto the market there.
In 2007, the Group completed construction of a range of residential and commercial property projects with a total GFA of 2.07 million square metres, or a saleable area of 1.54 million square metres.
We will be looking to boost 
a few simple 
Guangzhou R&F Peach Garden Steady land bank acquisition Besides notching up a strong performance from our development and sales side, we continued to make steady and carefully-selected additions to our land bank, maintaining our strategy of only sourcing high-potential, reasonably- priced land in good locations. Over the year, our land bank acquisitions amounted to 20 pieces of land totalling 10.3 million square metres, bringing our current total land bank to 26.2 million square metres. We expect this to meet our development needs for the next three to five years.

The Chinese government has implemented a number of measures designed to cool what is seen as an overheating property market. These measures are sure to have an impact on our industry in 2008. In particular, as bank finance becomes harder to come by, it will become increasingly important for developers to have access to other sources of capital for acquiring new land and taking advantage READY TO MEET 
R&F is currently one of the few large companies to have begun building up a dedicated portfolio of investment 
of M&A opportunities. We are confident about expanding our financial platform through listings on both domestic and international stock markets, which will widen our options for gaining access to capital.
Investment portfolio comes to fruition In the property development industry in China, R&F is currently one of the few large companies to have begun building up a dedicated portfolio of investment properties.
This is despite the fact that, worldwide, many major property developers maintain investment property portfolios because they provide a steady and reliable income stream, and can be an excellent source of capital gains over time. Apart from these reasons, we also believe that our investments in high-quality properties are a good way of boosting the Group s reputation.
Currently, our investment properties consist of the new R&F Center in Guangzhou, now up and running, and two international 5-star hotels in the city, The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou and the Grand Hyatt, which are due to begin operation in March and April 2008 respectively. In Beijing, our extensive investment in the Beijing R&F 
AND SUPERB LIVING IS OUR BUSINESS The Group has the products, the acumen and the business model to excel in 
City commercial complex is nearing fruition, and parts of this complex are emerging into the market. The office buildings of Beijing R&F City were tenanted from December 2007: the shopping mall there will open in May 2008, and the hotel in June. With almost all these properties coming into use in the first half of 2008, our investment properties will begin contributing additional cash flow for the 2008 fiscal year.
The Group s investment property portfolio currently amounts to around 15% of its overall business. We expect to add to this as high-quality opportunities arise, but residential housing development will remain the Group s core business and we do not expect the percentage of our investment property portfolio to rise above 25% of our overall business in the future.
The year ahead Like most players in the property sector, we are expecting 2008 to bring its challenges. At the very least, we expect that the new measures being introduced by the government to prevent overheating will sort out businesses like R&F with sound fundamentals from smaller and less efficient players. We are also absolutely convinced that our proven business model will continue to excel in the coming year.
The government has shown its strong intention of controlling property prices so as to keep housing affordable and dampen speculation. As a result, property markets have become increasingly sensitive and jittery in recent months, and we expect them to remain like this in the coming year. Banks have tightened their positions and now have less scope to provide funds for 
Our goal is to grow our contracted sales to RMB24 billion in 2008. We believe that this target is realistic and completely acheivable.

At R&F, we see this shift in market psychology and conditions as a big opportunity. The pressures that are building will, we believe, force the industry to consolidate. Some small- and medium-sized companies in the property business, unable to operate in the new tightened market, will find themselves having to sell projects to larger companies with the assets and resources to complete them. As an established major company, R&F expects to find exciting new opportunities to expand its portfolio.
We also believe that China still offers plenty of good quality land at very reasonable prices, despite money supply pressures. We will not be easing up our efforts to acquire the best of it, using our proven strategies of patience 
We are absolutely 
China s leading 
Despite the more stringent economic conditions, our ambitious goal for the coming year is to grow our contracted sales from the RMB16.1 billion of 2007 to RMB24 billion. In terms of floor space, we expected to complete around 2.2 million square metres in 2008. We believe that these targets are realistic and completely achievable, especially given our strong reputation, the proven popularity of our developments, and the continuing demand for quality housing in the domestic market.
In the coming year we will also be looking to boost profitability with a few simple but effective strategies: managing our available funds more intelligently, controlling our costs more efficiently, and maintaining our policy of acquiring new land at moderate prices, as we did throughout 2007.
Over the coming year we expect these measures will help us improve our net profit margin, which currently stands at around 20%. We feel this has the potential to rise to around 25%, partly as a direct result of our cost control strategies and partly because of benefits arising from recent changes in government tax policy.
In planning for 2008, we have constantly taken into account the loyalty and support of our investors when making important business decisions. For the coming year, we intend to leave our current dividend policy unchanged to reward our investors for their backing.
Market demand set to intensify The prospects for R&F in the coming year are bright. Despite market cooling measures, there remains huge demand in the China housing market. In fact, the government expects between 300 and 400 million citizens to move from rural areas to cities over the next five to ten years, and that means that demand for affordable, quality urban housing is set to intensify considerably.
Proven, well-managed and responsible companies like R&F are exceptionally well-placed to benefit from these upcoming demographic shifts.
To finish, we want to take this opportunity to thank each one of the Group s shareholders, investors, business associates and customers for the loyalty and confidence they have shown over the past year. At the same time, thanks are due to our fellow directors and staff for everything they have contributed towards the year s success. With this level of support and backing, we are absolutely confident that R&F will stay at the forefront of the property development industry in China for many years to come.
Li Sze Lim 
Chief Executive Officer 