Letter to Shareholders 
The year 2013 has been significant for the Group in many respects, both in terms of its actual achievements and its positioning for the years immediately to come. The Group put in a strong and in some cases a record-breaking performance, achieving record profits of RMB7.65 billion and exceeding its contracted sales target of RMB42.0 billion. Alongside its property development operations, the Group s other key operational activities remained on track and continued to develop in line with our long-term goals.
The year s strong showing was underpinned by new market optimism consistent with the result of the outcomes of the Third Plenary Session of the 18th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (the Third Plenary Session ). All the signals indicate that China will focus on ensuring long-term sustainability for its property sector, which should mean a relatively more favourable property market environment for private developers such as our Group. Our view is that this is an opportune time to aim for more significant growth, after some years of caution in the face of continuous government regulation and intervention in the market. We have therefore embarked on a number of steps in preparation for rapid growth in the years to come. Most significantly, we lifted the pace of our land acquisition activities during 2013 and to allow for sufficient funding, we had increased our total borrowings. Our view is that we have made our investments carefully catching opportunities before significant rise in land price. This will enable us to capture the benefits of future growth with a focus on continuing our strong margin trends, especially since all new land plots acquired have been of the highest quality at the best cost.
WORKING TO GROW WITHIN THE REGULATORY 
The regulatory environment in China in 2013 exhibited two phases. In March, the government implemented the latest round of its ongoing series of regulatory measures, which in effect restated and reinforced policies that were already in place. From that point onwards, the market awaited the outcome of the Third Plenary Session in November of the year. As it turned out, the key message of the Third Plenary Session relating to the property market may prove to be one of comprehensive and profound reform, within which market force would be allowed to play a decisive role in terms of allocating resources. For the Group, this represented a favourable development as the gradual move by the government away from the current regime of real estate regulation using administrative measures to control growth (e.g. home purchase restrictions, and credit control measures) towards a regime relying more on market-based mechanisms as signalled in the Third Plenary Session could be more likely to achieve sustainable long-term growth of the property market. A number of other general policy initiatives that are likely to stimulate demand for properties and may have a long- term positive impact on the property market were also floated in the Third Plenary Session. These included proposals to ease the one-child policy, and to change the current urbanization model, specifically by implementing a differentiated hukou system (household registration system) for cities based on their size while increasing the pace of urbanisation.
MACRO MARKET CONDITIONS With the regulatory environment more stable, the property market enjoyed a healthy upward trend in 2013. In most cities the prices of residential homes rose, with major cities including Beijing and Guangzhou experiencing this to a more marked extent. The gradually rising prices were accompanied by increases in transaction volumes across the board, an indicator of genuine demand in the market.
Once again, major tier 1 and tier 2 cities experienced the more notable increases in transaction volumes, a clear indication of significant pent-up demand in upper tier cities. Another gauge of the positive state of the market was the rebound in land transactions, which over the year increased in terms of both average price and area, indicating the confidence of developers in the sustainability of the market.
This combination of rising prices and rising transaction volumes resulted in record levels of property sales in 2013 while substantial investment was made in new projects with the total area of new construction starts nationwide also rose noticeably. All these indicators suggest the direction of the property market going into 2014. Provided the wider economy continues to experience reasonable growth, and monetary policy remains consistent, the property market is expected to continue its upward trend in the coming year. There will be some variability between cities, with demand still exceeding supply in tier 1 and tier 2 cities, while tier 3 and 4 cities will experience more subdued growth as supply increases. This is a situation likely to lead to the prospect of further differentiation in regulatory measures to make them more specific to different cities and regions. The land bank profile and city exposure of individual developers will therefore dictate each developer s development strategy in coming years.
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS OF 2013 All key performance indicators for the Group in 2013 exhibited growth. Our contracted sales of RMB42.2 billion exceeded our year s target and represented an increase of 23% over our contracted sales in 2012. In terms of area sold, contracted sales for the year represented GFA of 3.39 million sq.m., an increase of 14% over 2012. Turnover increased satisfactorily to RMB36.3 billion, a 19% increase over 2012, and this in turn led to an increase in net profit for the year to RMB7.65 billion. Finally, with construction during the year proceeding substantially on schedule, we were able to deliver 2.73 million sq.m. of properties for sale, an 27% increase over 2012.
In the year, the Group s single most impactful strategy was its aggressive land acquisition. A total GFA of 20.9 million sq.m. was purchased over the year, taking our total land bank to 43.3 million sq.m.; indeed, the year s purchases alone represented a full 48% of the total enlarged land bank. Behind this increased pace of land acquisition was a carefully thought out decision by management to position the Group for quicker growth in the next few years. The land acquisition has diversified our geographical profile by giving the Group a presence in 11 new cities, and has put us in a position to begin development of 25 brand new projects as soon as in 2014. One of the criteria we applied in selecting new land for purchase was whether it allowed for a quick asset turnover or a shorter development schedule; specifically, we targeted land where construction could begin as little as 6 months after acquisition, or where pre-sale could be scheduled within 12 months of purchase. This is in line with our intention, described below, of speeding up our overall development cycle to enhance profitability.
In terms of the Group s regional coverage, China will remain the dominant focus in coming years. However, as our scale increases to a sizeable level, management believes there will also be a need for the Group to invest outside China in order to achieve further growth. Hence, in 2013 the Group made its first significant investment venture outside of China, and entered the Malaysian property market for the first time. We made a very large- scale purchase of land in Johor, Malaysia at a cost of approximately RMB8.5 billion, which will undergo a multi- phased development of predominantly residential housing, with some commercial properties interspersed. The total planned GFA is approximately 3.5 million sq.m. Ideally located on the border of Malaysia across from Singapore and acquired at a reasonable price, this first venture outside China is one from which management believes long-term development value can be realised.
The Group s hotel portfolio continued to grow at a steady pace, with occupancy and rates remaining steady at our mature hotels. With the opening of The Ritz-Carlton, Chengdu in October 2013, the number of hotels owned by the Group amounted to seven. We expect new hotel openings to occur at a moderate pace over the next few 
The Group enjoyed a successful year in terms of obtaining financing for its developments and refining its debt maturity profile. A total of RMB38.9 billion was raised for construction, land bank acquisitions and refinancing of debt falling due. The majority of this funding came from onshore construction loans; but the offshore debt capital market became an increasingly important source of funding for the Group in 2013. As at year-end, the Group had an aggregate of USD988 million and RMB2.612 billion senior notes already in issue offshore. With the RMB2.612 billion notes falling due in April 2014, the Group has been making preparations and monitoring the credit market for an opportunity to refinance the notes.
As part of these preparations, the Group underwent a credit rating exercise with all three major crediting rating agencies (Standard & Poor s, Moody s and Fitch Ratings). The Group obtained ratings of BB (stable)Ba2 (stable)BB (positive) from Standard & Poor s, Moody s and Fitch Ratings respectively, an outcome that was well in line with the ratings of comparable industry peers.
The rating agencies took into account our long history of weathering the changing property cycles, our proven ability to manage liquidity during the 2008 financial crisis, and our successful navigation of the various austerity measures brought to bear on the China property sector.
These ratings benefit the Group by giving it access to a larger investor pool, as well as opening up more financing channels in a way that builds further financing flexibility.
As for investors, having agencies monitor the financial profile of the Group instils further investor confidence in its financial discipline. In January 2014, the Group launched an issue of senior notes which was very well received by investors. The final amount of notes issued was USD1.0 billion at 8.50% coupon, which will mature in 2019; to date, this is the largest issue in a single tranche by a PRC property developer in the offshore market. The sizeable and successful deal reflects our growing credit investor base, and our broadening access to the offshore financing 
STRATEGIES AND PLANS FOR 2014 We believe we are approaching a mature phase of China s property market development which, in spite of ongoing challenges, offers significant opportunities for the Group.
For this reason, we have set in motion the plans and arrangements necessary to achieve what we believe can be a great leap forward in 2014. For instance, based on our 2013 land acquisitions and our land bank and development profile, we have our eyes set on achieving a contracted sales target for 2014 in the RMB70 billion range, two third more than that of 2013. Our area under development will increase in support of this substantial 
The Group sees the key factor as necessary to underpin the success of this ambitious rise in targets being the speeding up of the pace of development, so that the actual development cycle is shortened and at the same time imposing rigorous improvements in cost controls.
This is basically a rise in development efficiency which will be achieved by pouring greater resources into up- front planning and initial groundwork, in areas such as risk analysis, market surveys, site preparation, achieving relevant approvals, and finalizing architectural design.
This kind of detailed advance planning should ensure that all work is done right the first time round, leading to a reduction in delays at later stages due to unplanned changes. In tandem with this, we will be looking to take our standardization of product development to new levels of efficiency. This will involve achieving a seamless integration of the many internal functions involved in property development. Compressing the product development cycle will inevitably reduce interest costs and other opportunity costs. All these will be factored into a dynamic costs monitoring concept that will help us measure and reduce costs further.
As at the end of 2013, the Group was operating across 24 cities and area in China; this number does not include its new activities in Malaysia. These cities are well-distributed geographically across China and consist of a mix of cities of different tiers, making for a diversified portfolio that will optimise growth. We are however looking to improve our diversification further by creating a more equal balance between our northern and southern operations, a move that will bring advantages in terms of a streamlining of management, the deployment of resources, and logistics.
Although the Group is currently selling its property developments in 16 of the 25 cities and area where it has a presence, many of which it entered some years ago, the fact remains that 11 of these cities have not reached a sufficiently efficient scale in sales and a few of them are single-project cities. This suggests that there are ample room for us to do more in some of the cities we have already entered to generate a more significant contribution to the Group s overall operations. In the year to come we will be placing a special focus on cities that have sufficient scale and potential to support multiple and repeating property development projects.
Our key operational targets for the year ahead are as follows. We plan to add a further GFA under development of over 10 million sq.m., and also to further improve the sell-through rate. We also aim to increase total deliveries to purchasers to 3,715,000 sq.m. saleable area. It will be clear that all these targets are dependent on an efficient and well-controlled construction process, and this will be something we will keep in clear focus through detailed co- ordination with contractors and suppliers.
In summary, we see the coming year as having the potential to drive the Group forward significantly in terms of its scale of operations and profitability. To grasp this opportunity, we have made crucial investment decisions regarding land acquisition. The result, we believe, is that the Group has exactly the resources it needs to move quickly and effectively in a newly dynamic market. By leveraging our traditional strengths and our well-respected brand-name, while continuing to streamline our operations and cut costs where possible, we expect the Group to break new ground in the year ahead, and to show the way forward for successful property market development in 
This has been another year in which the loyal support of our shareholders and investors has been crucial in enabling us to meet and surpass our targets. I sincerely thank them all on behalf of the Group. Ultimately, sales depend on customers, and once again I would like to thank our thousands of customers over the past year who have put their trust in the Group s reputation and quality offerings when choosing homes to purchase. Finally, the commitment and enthusiasm of the Directors of the Company has once more been vital in maintaining the Group s business momentum over the year. This energy has been backed up by the hard work and loyal service of our many staff members across the country. I would like to acknowledge the valuable contributions of all of these.
Together they have shaped a Group culture which stands us in good stead for stepping forward and achieving our 
Li Sze Lim Zhang Li Chairman Co-chairman and Chief Executive Officer 