Letter to Shareholders 
After the global economic challenges arising in 2008, the year ended on a series of positive notes as the PRC government took proactive steps to stabilize markets and mitigate the impact of the global credit crunch on China. For property developers such as our Group, these developments have brought a renewed confidence in our prospects for 2009. During 2008 we adjusted expectations and scaled down certain sales targets to reflect the changing macro-environment. Now, with new and robust government measures in place, we are seeing renewed market confidence and a growing appetite for property. As a result, we are cautiously optimistic about our prospects for the year ahead. Already in 2009, we have enjoyed the best January and February sales results in the company history which reached RMB3.43 billion, and the momentum gained from this has carried us into a strong March also.
Our results for 2008 reflect the wider economic fluctuations of the year past. We achieved a total turnover of RMB15.36 billion and net profit amounted to RMB3.153 billion. These figures by comparison with last year s turnover and profit, represented an increase of 4% and a fall of 41% respectively.
In the light of this, the Board has proposed a final dividend of RMB0.28 per share, subject to approval from our shareholders at the annual general meeting.
China economic stimuli Economic confidence began to be restored in China from late 2008, as the government adjusted its macro-economic policies to boost markets across the board, including the property market. In November, it unveiled an economic stimulus package worth RMB4 trillion, supplemented by reductions in interest rates totaling 1.35 percentage points by the end of the year. This was a very clear signal that the government s earlier strategy of imposing austerity measures to rein in the property sector was over: instead, as the credit crunch impacted on China, the government moved quickly to foster stability and healthy development of the property industry. The stimulus package included measures designed to expand domestic consumption, stimulate growth, and stabilize the property market. As a sign of its commitment to maintaining a healthy property sector in China, the government officially designated the property industry a Key Pillar Industry of the People s 
In early December 2008, the government declared that one of its main priorities for 2009 would be to ensure the stability of the capital and real estate markets in China, as well as to ease the burden on first-home buyers. Following up on this, mortgage policies for second-home buyers were relaxed and business tax on real estate sales was waived under certain conditions. The 5.5% sales tax had previously been levied on all properties sold within five years of purchase; the new ruling reduced the wait necessary for tax-free sale to just two years. In the same month the government also sent out a strong message that stabilization of the property market was also the duty of local government, by announcing the cancellation of city property tax. Other measures introduced included the provision of mortgage support for people upgrading their homes.
This raft of measures to invigorate the property industry and support homebuyers has brought new confidence to the sector, and many analysts believe that, in China, barring unforeseen circumstances, the worst of the credit crisis is now over. At Guangzhou R&F Properties, we are already seeing confidence strengthen in early 2009, and we expect property prices to stabilize and transaction volume may 
New measures and new confidence With high quality products, a substantial land bank of prime land for future development, and a stable financial position, we believe that Guangzhou R&F Properties is one of the property development companies best positioned to benefit from the eventual upturn in the market. The trend towards urbanization in China is a massive one, which will continue inexorably despite market fluctuations from time to time. With proven expertise and a sound business model, we remain ideally placed to provide China with high-quality housing and reap good returns for our shareholders in 
Residential property developments in 2008 In July 2008 we began pre-sales of our Taiyuan R&F City project, to strong public interest.
Within just the first week, a total of 329 units valued at RMB186 million were sold, representing over 60% of the total units put on sale. At the same time we enjoyed equally strong pre-sales from our Hainan R&F Bay Shore development, where we achieved RMB130 million in sales.
Other highlights for 2008 included sales at R&F Ying Feng Plaza in Pearl River New Town, which registered sales worth RMB115 million in just two weeks. Late in 2008, the Group launched a major new project in the old district of Guangzhou called R&F Golden Jubilee Garden. Within just four days of sales beginning on 27 November, 149 units in the complex were sold for a total of RMB190 million. The momentum continued into December at this popular development, with a further RMB180 million worth of apartments sold in that month.
In Beijing, meanwhile, the Group s R&F Danish Town project consisting of villa-style houses and apartments, was launched on 25 October. First day sales alone racked up RMB180 million for this prestige location, and continued strong thereafter. To date, sales to the value of RMB470 million have been made.
During the year the Group was also involved in construction projects for which total GFA amounted to 5.8 million square meters. Up to the end of February 2009, we have in hand pre- sale permits for a total of around 1.83 million sq.m., or approximately RMB18 billion worth of sales. Further pre-sale permits for residential and commercial development worth an additional RMB16 billion are expected to be obtained in the near future, giving the Group pre- saleable properties with a total combined value of around RMB34 billion, an ample amount for the year ahead.
Land bank acquisition As at 31 December 2008, the Group s land bank stood at 25.4 million sq.m., a resource that will meet our development needs for the next three to five years. Given this, and bearing in mind the economic environment of the second half of the year, we have been able to slow down our pace of land bank acquisition considerably in recent months.

The Group is one of the few mainland property development companies to have a substantial portfolio of properties held specifically for rental purposes, made up of high-quality retail, office and hotel buildings. At the date of this report, the market valuation of our completed investment properties was approximately RMB15 billion. They include four hotels which between them offer a total of 1,590 rooms, along with two international grade-A office towers and two shopping complexes with a total of 350,000 square meters of leasable space. Besides providing the Group with a stable source of rental income, our investment properties represent growing capital value over the longer term. They can also act as excellent securities for acquiring longer term finance for new development projects.
Our rental income was boosted in 2008 with the opening, towards the beginning of the year, of the Ritz-Carlton and Grand Hyatt hotels in Guangzhou. A little later, in July, a number of our Beijing investment properties were launched in time for the Beijing Olympics. These included the Renaissance Beijing Capital Hotel, the Holiday Inn Express Beijing Temple of Heaven, and the Beijing R&F Plaza. All these properties are new and are still establishing their reputations.
Occupancy of the hotels has naturally been affected by the global financial crisis, but we expect this high-quality accommodation to achieve good patronage in due course. Leasing at the Beijing R&F Plaza has meanwhile been satisfactory.
As we have emphasized in the past, residential property development will remain our core business, with investment property representing a small-scale diversification. In particular, given the current economic climate, we expect the pace at which we acquire or develop further investment properties to slow selectively in 2009.
2009 sales targets In a sign of our optimism about China s property industry, we have set the Group s contracted sales target for 2009 with confidence at approximately RMB22 billion, some 37% higher than the contracted sales for 2008. As in the past, we will review these sales targets quarterly and adjust them in the light of changing market conditions. Our 2009 sales targets are drawn from a total of 38 projects scattered right around the country, so that we avoid over-reliance on any single region or local economy. In terms of overall value, we expect southern China to account for 40% of contracted sales, northern China for 45%, western China for 11%, and eastern China for 4%.
We lead the Market Through our effort, we step into leading role in the property market that opens golden opportunities for our business development.
We take our contracted sales very seriously, not least because of their value in providing us with speedy cash returns on our developments. To make sure we turn these targets into realities, we have made sales and marketing one of the key components of our 2009 plan. For example, we are looking to improve our promotional tactics, and to be very quick in adjusting selling prices to match market conditions. In particular, we will be delegating more responsibility to our regional offices, making profitable sales their core activity.
Proactive initiatives in the face of new challenges In the light of the current environment, the Group expects to pay stringent attention in the coming year to implementing cost control measures: for instance by using fixed price contracts, and by improving a platform that will enable materials to be sourced at optimum prices. We will also be tightening up on our operational management and generally working towards improved efficiency all round, with the aim of continuing to produce value for money products while maintaining our profit margins. If possible, we will look to improve efficiency through vertical integration, for example by forming specialized team internally that will provide us with services such as electrical and mechanical engineering, interior decoration, 
We are also looking to improve our ratio of net debt to equity, with the aim of reducing it to around 80% by the end of 2009. We are exploring a number of measures to help us achieve this, which include boosting our cash flow from operations through better cost controls and faster sales from flexible pricing arrangements. We will also continue to look for reputable and financially proven joint venture partners whose expertise complements our own, and with whom we can co-develop projects while sharing expenses and risk.

Letter to Shareholders We continuously look for long-term and valuable vision, seek out hidden business opportunity to give unprecedented value to our shareholder.
In terms of consolidating our financial platforms and improving our debt capital structure, we will be looking at options for procuring types of financial support other than commercial bank loans. This may include utilizing the proposed domestic corporate bonds, while also continuing to pursue our proposed A-share listing. In addition, where appropriate, we may consider disposing of investment properties in cases where their full value can be realized and disposal would not affect the Group s overall investment strategy.
Moving forward with confidence and vigour Despite the challenges of 2008, the Group enters 2009 in a stable financial position, with a promising land bank, high quality projects that remain in demand, and an excellent reputation.
We believe the Group remains one of China s biggest and best property development companies, and that renewed market stability will provide the impetus we need to move ahead strongly. We will remain focused on our traditional profit centers of Guangzhou, Beijing and Tianjin, where we have enjoyed so much success. However, we have now established a strategic presence nationally, with activities in over ten cities. Given this range of locations and potential customers, we will continue to develop and revamp our existing product lines to maximize potential for growth.
In conclusion, we want as always to thank our Group s fine set of shareholders, investors, business associates and customers. The confidence they have shown in the Group and its business strategies over the past year have made our task of working in such a difficult macro- environment that much easier. We must also thank our fellow directors and, of course, all the Group s staff members for their dedication and commitment. Having been braced by a year of challenge, we are excited about launching ourselves into a new year, ready to stand at the forefront of the market as a model of an intelligent, high-quality property developer.
Li Sze Lim 
Chief Executive Officer 