LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 
The Group set out realistic targets going into 2012, aimed at maintaining a pattern of continuous growth that was both healthy and sustainable. We are pleased to report that despite a business environment that remained very challenging, we successfully achieved all our key targets for the year, including contracted sales, delivery of completed properties, construction new starts, and total GFA under development. In terms of financial results, our total turnover increased steadily by 11% to RMB30.4 billion and our net profit increased by a healthy 17% to RMB5.66 billion. This solid performance has put the Group in a good position going forward, and has left us well-equipped to face any unexpected macro or sector-related policies which may be introduced in the future.
AN EVOLVING MARKETPLACE As a backdrop to the Group s performance over the past 12 months and our strategies for the year ahead, it is worth recapping the developments that have most influenced our industry in 2012. Perhaps the single biggest such factor was urbanization. Urbanization has been a continuing theme in China for some years, and was firmly established at the 18th National Congress of the CPC as one of the key directions of the national development plan. From the perspective of the China property sector, urbanization means a growing importance is being placed on the production of rigid demand type housing, a development that inevitably impacts on the business models of major property developers like R&F.
Another development in 2012 has been the maturing of market for non-residential property developments. We have seen very rapid development of certain niche markets in China, specifically those for commercial properties (office and retail), retirement communities, and property related to cultural and tourism development. This trend has broadened the types of properties in which developers are becoming involved in from those on which they have historically placed emphasis.
Over the past year, the regulatory environment has been less of a factor for property developers than it had been in the previous few years. In 2012 the Government introduced no new control measures of any significance, instead concentrating on increasing the efficacy of existing measures. Top officials restated their commitment to enforcing these measures from time to time and on 20 February 2013 the State Council pronounced five enhanced measures (the 2013 Measures ) to supplement them. The 2013 Measures do not represent a departure from the existing regulatory framework. The Government s aim remains one of reining in property speculation and supporting legitimate demand for housing at a reasonable 
Overall though, we have seen a gradual improvement in the property market over the year, starting with rigid property demand, percolating through to higher-grade properties, and finally reaching investment-type properties.
The Group s sales were strongest in the fourth quarter, offering testimony to an improving market environment as the year unfolded.
OUR PERFORMANCE IN 2012 For our Group, the stability of the regulatory environment in 2012 has proved advantageous. We have had sufficient time to adapt to the regulatory regime to achieve significant successes. The Group s contracted sales target for 2012 was RMB32 billion. Actual contracted sales for the year amounted to RMB32.2 billion, with a saleable area of 2.88 million sq.m. This represented a 13% increase in terms of amount and 32% increase in terms of GFA from the previous year (2011: contracted sales of RMB28.5 billion and saleable area of 2.19 million sq.m.). Despite a challenging environment, our actual contracted sales exceeded our target, in line with our overall plans and demonstrated an optimal deployment of our resources for 2012. In addition, there were sales from five joint venture projects generating contracted sales attributable to the Group of RMB2.0 billion with saleable area of 96,900 
Turnover from sale of properties, the key to the Group s financial results, is based on actual completion and delivery of properties. Construction proceeded largely according to plan, and this resulted in the delivery during the year of 2.38 million sq.m. of properties for sale, along with 145,000 sq.m. of investment properties. Turnover from sale of properties for 2012 increased 10.5% over 2011 to RMB28.1 billion with improvement in net margin.
The Group acquired four plots of land in 2012. One of the plots in Hebei was acquired in the first half of the year, while the other three in Beijing, Hangzhou and in Guangzhou were second-half acquisitions. The total land area acquired amounted to 1,532,000 sq.m. The Hangzhou acquisition marked the Group s entry into yet another new city where the Group sees long term potential, the 15th in which we now operate. In line with our current land bank strategy, the time period between acquisition and commencement of pre-sale for these newly-acquired pieces of land is expected to be from eight to twelve months.
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS OF 2012 We began pre-sales for six new projects during the year; of particular note is the fact that the land purchased for four of these projects was completed within just 12 months of pre-sales starting. Indeed, R&F American Dream Island Phase 2 in Beijing began pre-sales just seven and a half months after land acquisition, while our Jiangwan New Town project in Harbin commenced pre-sales very rapidly despite the fact that we first entered the city for land acquisition less than a year earlier. By achieving such a short development cycle, we are able to optimize our operating cash flow and ensure competitiveness. The short project cycle was accomplished without any adverse effects on sales success; in fact, the first week of pre- sales of these projects generated significant sales together exceeding RMB1.3 billion. This model of quick asset turnover is one that we plan to expand in the years ahead.
Our hotel operations continue to expand, with two new hotels being added to our hotel portfolio in 2012. These were the Hyatt Regency Chongqing, and the Renaissance Huizhou Hotel. Our mature hotels continue to show improvement in operating results.
It has been a particularly eventful year on the financing front, and we have been very active in exploring new financing options to broaden our financial flexibility. The core of our financing continued to come from regular construction loans in 2012, but certain other developments are well worth mentioning. First, the Company s domestic corporate bonds with a sell-back option exercisable in October 2012 (the third anniversary date) were extended in their entirety for a further two years, but with only a 30 bps rise in interest. Secondly, we acquired RMB3.2 billion in funding from Ping An Trust Co. Ltd., as described in our interim report. Thirdly, the Group took advantage of favourable windows to re-tap its US$ 10.875% 5-year Senior Notes in August 2012 raising US$238 million and then, in January 2013, to issue US$600 million of 7-year Senior Notes. This ability to issue longer tenor senior notes showed both the depth of the offshore financing market and the maturity of the Group s credit. This new bond issue successfully adopted a new structure based upon a keepwell undertaking by the Company, instead of a formal guarantee requiring approval by PRC authority which would be a stringent and slow process. The ability to be quick to the capital market ensures we are able to capture market window with more certainty.
STRATEGIC PLANNING FOR 2013 As China s new leaders take the helm in 2013, we do not expect the general direction of the regulatory environment to change course. However, we do expect that the new Central Government will want to maintain a similar focus on the housing sector in order to achieve stable housing prices and sustainability. Indeed, the 2013 Measures support rather than contradict this view. The continuance of existing control measures to moderate housing price rises, a possible extension of the current city-based trial property tax to more cities, and wider construction of low- income housing, will be some of the factors that set the tone for the market in 2013.
Given the cautiously optimistic outlook, the Group s strategies for 2013 will be aimed at achieving an increase in its growth momentum compared with the moderate growth of the past few years. For 2013, we are looking to raise the pace and scale of our growth by such strategies as sourcing quality land and increasing asset turnaround.
Specifically, we will be looking for land that lends itself to a short project cycle from acquisition to pre-sale. At the same time, we are aiming to build up a larger land bank portfolio, which may see us making more acquisitions in second-and third-tier cities while retaining our focus on selecting only prime locations. These changes will also be beneficial for preserving the Group s liquidity.
We will also be deploying resources on building and fine-tuning our brand image, along with our sales and marketing strategies. Having a respected brand name brings many advantages. In property development, brands gain critical mass when consumers can see multiple examples of the brand at work. To this end, we will focus on having multiple developments up or ongoing in a few selected cities, so local consumers can see the R&F brand at work on a larger scale. At the same time, we will be looking to make the market positioning of our offerings more precise (e.g. in terms of city location, likely income groups etc.), and to boost the attractiveness of our properties for sale by completing construction of sought- after ancillary facilities earlier than in the past, a move that should boost both sales volumes and prices.
At a macro level, we aim to build brand respect by getting involved in a more in-depth way in the major cities where we are operating. It is well-known that businesses that commit to massive investment in a community or locality generate strong longer-term benefits, specifically through the creation of a virtuous circle of goodwill and trusted relationships that can extend to government authorities, local banks and suppliers, and of course the wider community. This is something the Group will be looking at ways of developing further in the coming year.
Effective cost control will remain a major focus of the Group s efforts in 2013. We are looking to further reduce costs in a number of ways, including through the use of a small but elite project team, and by engaging in joint sales and marketing campaigns of certain projects, making for a more efficient sharing of resources.
LOOKING AHEAD TO 2013 We have already mentioned that we are looking to increase the rate of our growth in 2013. This will be grounded on construction new starts, which will translate into larger GFA under development and ultimately more properties available for sale. Our plans therefore are to increase our construction new starts by over 70% in 2013 to approximately six million sq.m., which will raise our GFA under development. These proposed increases break the mould of the last few years, being significantly higher.
As a result of a rich planned project pipeline, we are able to adopt a more optimistic view of contracted sales.
Consequently, we have set a contracted sales target for 2013 of RMB42 billion, a planned rise of 23% over 2012. The target is based on the planned project launch schedule of 42 projects in total. As for delivery targets, we aim to deliver approximately 2.84 million sq.m. in 2013, with approximately 13 in the first half and 23 in the second half of the year.
We are now operating in 15 different cities, a sizeable number with regional diversification but without over- stretching resources. As such, expansion into new cities simply for expansion s sake is not a priority. The key factor will be opportunity, in terms of land bank availability and local market dynamics. Given our past experience however, and our current land bank strategy, it seems probable that in 2013 the Group will enter one or two new second- or third-tier cities.
After a period of adjustment to new housing controls, accompanied by proactive exploration of new funding options and ongoing steady but prudent land bank acquisition, the Group is in a strong position to step up its activities in 2013. We are not looking at a radical change of gear, simply a gentle increase in the pace at which we turn our projects around and tailor them for the marketplace.
We have an excellent land bank, an established and growing reputation, and a strong brand name. We are expecting that in 2013, R&F will continue to mark itself out as one of China s best and most forward-looking property 
In the property industry, the goodwill, co-operation and active support of many different parties is vital for any company s success. We would here like to acknowledge some of those groups, especially the shareholders and investors who have supported us so loyally and enthusiastically in an era of considerable changes within our market. To our customers, the ones who bear witness to the value and quality of our products by actually buying them, we extend our warmest gratitude. Customer confidence is of the essence in building a brand name that has real value in the market place. Finally, thanks are due to the Company s Directors and many staff members.
Their commitment and readiness to adapt and move us ahead is an inspiration, and the envy of many. All these parties have helped ensure a satisfactory year for R&F in 2012; for the year to come, their support is what will carry us forward with renewed confidence and vigour.
Li Sze Lim Zhang Li Chairman Co-chairman and Chief Executive Officer 