LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 
One of the things that 2009 has brought into focus for our Company is the fact that the property industry does not exist in a void. On the contrary, of all business sectors in modern China it is the one perhaps most affected by, and dependent on, interactions with a multitude of other parties. For Guangzhou R&F Properties Co., Ltd., our crucial interactions in 2009 have been with larger forces such as the global and domestic economy, the Central and city government, and individual stakeholders including banks, investors, industry peers, and shareholders. Much of our success in the year has come from the ways in which we have responded to, negotiated with, listened to, reacted against, and generally interacted with these multiple parties with their many diverse and sometimes conflicting interests.
After a year of working with these multiple stakeholders in a complex and often-changing environment, the Company has some cause for satisfaction. Although the economy remained weak in 2009 and there was continuing uncertainty within the Chinese property market, we achieved record sales and could have sold more if that had been our goal. In purely fiscal terms, during the year the Company recorded a turnover from sale of properties of RMB16.98 billion, which represented sales of around 1.728 million sq.m. of saleable area. Overall profit amounted to RMB2.921 billion.
We saw many other positive achievements during the year. Construction at each of our project sites progressed well, and we were able to deliver all the projects scheduled for completion during the year on time. Timely delivery of completions scheduled for the coming year also looks assured. As for our land bank, representing our life-blood as a property developer, it was significantly enhanced by several important acquisitions, amongst which was the Asian Games City mega-site. Our liquidity position is as strong as it has ever been, and we have substantial cash resources at our disposal. In short, the Company is on a trajectory for strong expansion, and we believe that we are in excellent position to face any challenges as 
Any major negative factors impacting on the Company due to the global financial crisis have been reflected in the results for the fiscal year 2009. Throughout most of 2009 and the beginning of 2010 we have achieved higher selling prices, built up a different product mix, and made further internal improvements to our cost controls, all of which are powerful indicators that we are well positioned to achieving our target profit margins. We anticipate these strong performances, which are showing themselves in average selling prices and delivery schedules at record highs, will be reflected in the financial results for the 
Responses to economic and 
In the year under review, the two areas that had the most significant impact on the Company s interactions and strategies were the economic and the regulatory environments. As far as the economy was concerned, the beginning of the year saw a clear economic rebound after the serious downturn of 2008. This happened sooner than most analysts were forecasting, and quickly led to much improved sentiment in the property market.
In China, part of the rebound resulted from proactive moves on the part of the government to stimulate the economy through regulatory measures. Naturally, these change from time to time according to the government s assessment of the nation s economic interests. Here at Guangzhou R&F, we are confident in the government s ability to implement policies that will benefit the wider economy, and hence our own business. In fact, the property sector will play an important role in the government s efforts to direct and stimulate China s economy, and the Company expects to be a major contributor to these efforts. For instance, the government s continuing priorities for urbanization can only be carried through effectively with the help of property developers like Guangzhou R&F who are committed to providing quality large-scale urban developments for the mass residential segment. However, the government is still ready to take measures regularly to control and cool property prices. Most recently, for example, in early 2010, it announced 11 measures to curb the too rapid rise of housing prices in certain cities.
As a result of the wider economic improvement and favourable government support, the Company s business rebounded quickly at the beginning of the year, and that rebound was sustained across the 12 months, reflected in steadily rising prices. We were able to achieve a record contracted sales of RMB24 billion.
Land acquisition resumed in May after a pause of over a year, fuelled by strong cash inflow from sales. This successful run was crowned at the end of December when the Company won the country s largest-ever land auction by value, for the Guangzhou Asian Games City. The joint bid was made in conjunction with other major developers.
Improved sensitivity and 
Given our experiences over the past twelve to eighteen months, the Company has been working on ways of becoming even more responsive to external environmental changes. We are doing this at two main levels: first, by improving our structured decision-making procedures, and second, by stepping up our operational standards.
For example, we are now building greater flexibility into our construction and completion schedules, so we can more easily speed up or delay projects in response to external changes. We are also tightening our strategies for land purchase by placing more emphasis on external factors, and replenishing our land bank only when conditions are optimal and resources available. We are in a good position to make this adjustment and become more selective about land purchase because we enjoy a large land bank buffer of three or four years worth of projects.
Better safeguards in risk 
At a more basic level, the Company is drawing on lessons learnt during the financial crisis to sharpen the effectiveness of its risk management strategies and consolidate its financial base. That includes ensuring that even more attention is paid to evaluating our current cash flow situations before major business decisions are made.
We have raised our expectations on the internal stress test for liquidity, and we are also now more actively looking to initiate joint ventures with other developers so as to share risk, as well as tapping into their separate pools of expertise.
A strategy based on balance Apart from the higher levels of caution and prudence we are adopting as described above, the Company s key strategy is to maintain balance in the types of products it develops and the types of land it acquires. For instance, our mass residential developments will be balanced by a competitive exposure to a selection of luxury projects. The sizes and neighbourhoods of the cities we work in will be balanced too, with promising new projects in second-tier cities balancing our major developments in first-tier cities like Beijing, Tianjin and 
To maintain these balances, we need land in the right places. Urbanization is likely, we believe, to be one of the strongest growth drivers in China s property sector in coming years. To take full advantage of this, the Company needs to have a balanced range of sites available to meet demand as it arises from place to place. For this reason, we will make land-banking a real focus in the year to come, following on from our six excellent site acquisitions in 2009.
Successful land-banking calls for great selection and negotiation skills, along with a good deal of foresight and a sensitivity to market trends, and these are attributes that our Company is indeed well stocked with.
Our belief in the importance of prudent land-banking showed itself in May, when we made the call to resume land acquisition after a break of over a year. Our expectation is that, setting aside local fluctuations, the general long term upward trend in land values will continue in most major China cities in the future. With this conviction, apart from the Asian Games City site, we acquired another six prime new sites for future development during the year under review: three in Guangzhou, and one each in Beijing, Taiyuan and Conghua. The sites cost the Company a total of approximately RMB3.5 billion, and had a combined site area of around 1.1 million sq.m. By the end of 2009, then, our total land bank amounted to approximately 22 million sq.m. in saleable area, sufficient for supporting three to four years of development.
Exploring new sources of capital As always, a crucial factor in our plans is access to capital, and maintaining a sound financial base with sufficient liquidity. Our gearing has remained high over the past year, and has not yet begun to fall as we earlier predicted. We have taken a very close look at the situation, and are confident that our current level of gearing will not place excessive stress on liquidity even if markets were to take a turn for the worse.
Although maintaining a high gearing does bring some risks, it nevertheless gives us greater flexibility in acquiring sought-after and sometimes unique land resources when they come onto the market. It is worth noting too that gearing statistics are partly skewed by standardized accounting practices: for instance, our real level of gearing would be much lower if the Company s land bank and hotel properties were stated at market value in the balance sheet.
One reason for the Company s high gearing is the difficulty we face of accessing resources from the capital markets. This is an inherent feature of our status as an H-share company, but we are constantly looking for ways to improve and broaden our access to capital. For instance, in October 2009 we successfully issued domestic corporate bonds to the amount of RMB5.5 billion, which we see as an important milestone in our efforts to tap into the PRC capital market. Of course, an A-share listing would be transformational in this respect, so the Company is keeping itself well prepared to grasp any brief window of opportunity that may arise for an IPO in China.
The balanced strategies outlined above can only be successful if the Company embraces them with a wholehearted commitment.
We are determined in the coming year to maintain our passionate focus on our core competencies, at which we have excelled for so long. The R&F brand is a much respected one, widely associated with trustworthiness and quality, and we want to continue in that tradition. But we also realize that conditions in the property industry are constantly changing, and to this end we are constantly evolving a management team fit for present-day conditions. We are proud to have gathered together a team of highly skilled men and women who share a common vision for the Company s future.
Targets and expectations In practical terms, we are targeting a growth rate for 2010 of 20% to 30%. That is a figure in line with what we have managed to achieve in recent years, and in tune with current market sentiments. It translates into a contracted sales target of RMB30 billion for the year, an increase of 25% over the sales achieved for 2009. We expect to deliver approximately 2.5 million sq.m. in saleable area, of which 1.4 million sq.m. with a sale value of RMB13 billion has already been pre-sold. Amongst other priorities, we will be paying special attention to improving 
Our enlarged sales target for 2010 brings with it certain responsibilities. The scale of our activities will of necessity be stepped up, the scale of our operations must expand, and this growth needs to be supported by even better management practices, operating procedures, and technical capabilities. We are addressing all three areas and initiating changes to make sure we meet our targets comfortably. One of the key tasks for the year in this respect is to upgrade and extend our ERP system. We believe that, with a clear vision and a carefully thought out policy of balanced growth, the Group remains in an excellent position to reap the rewards of China s ongoing urbanization.

Once again, our thanks go out to all our shareholders, investors, business associates and customers. Our interactions with all these stakeholders during the year have helped us hone and improve our strategies, and sharpen our vision for the future.
Internally, thanks are due to the Group s directors and to its staff members at every level, for the drive and energy they have put into making the year a successful one for the Group. As our sales targets for 2010 indicate, we are firmly confident that our strengths as a Group are set to bring a new level of rewards in the coming year.
Li Sze Lim 
Chief Executive Officer 