LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 
Circumstances in the wider economic and regulatory environment are ever changing, but opportunities always remain. The challenge is to identify them and to adjust one s approach so as to remain flexible and 
The past year has been one in which R&F has taken stock of multiple changes and challenges in the business environment, and adjusted its strategies and activities to suit. Some of these challenges have arisen from the Government s efforts to control fast- rising property prices, especially in the major cities.
The Government is also committed to affordable housing, and to making urban housing fully available to many. Given these broad objectives, the Government has indicated that it would like to see the property industry taking an active role in helping to meet the fundamental fixed demand for property.
To this end, it has introduced a raft of regulatory measures that have fairly fundamentally changed the rules of the game for property developers. Our Group has responded to these changes positively 
Indeed, we have been adjusting skillfully and successfully to radical market changes for some time now. I remain extremely confident in the future of our industry. The Government s drive for affordable housing flags a constant reality: that there remain millions of people looking for quality homes in this era of urbanization, a process which still has a very long way to go in China. Our Group has the experience, the resources and the drive to continue to provide discerning home-buyers in China with quality homes well into the future.
FACING THE CHALLENGES The regulatory environment in China in the year under review has had significant effects upon the industry as a whole, and has required considerable skill and flexibility to manage. A swathe of regulatory measures designed to control the housing market were passed in 2010. These laid a groundwork that was further built on by a set of eight directives from the State Council in January 2011, elaborating and in some cases enhancing the 2010 measures.
From the point of view of property developers such as R&F, the main significance of the 2011 directives was that they required local governments to set strict targets for housing prices. They also imposed clear requirements relating to first and second property purchases and reduced the scope for local governments to apply latitude in imposing home purchase restrictions ( HPR ), a scheme which is now in force in 46 cities.
Besides these measures, the Government also announced an ambitious plan to build affordable housing , in a scheme that targets to construct 36 million units over a five-year period. The target for 2011 was set at 10 million units. Meanwhile, the China Banking Regulatory Commission exercised stronger controls over bank loans to real estate companies, which have always provided the industry with its primary source of funding.
All these measures have been successful, to different extents, in suppressing demand for property. From the fourth quarter of 2011, the effectiveness of the Government s tightening measures has become evident to all. Statistics show that the historic trend of high prices and large transaction volumes in the property sector finally began to adjust as both prices and volumes fell, some 18 months after regulatory measures first began to be introduced by the Government.
In the light of our analysis of the macro environment, the Group s position is as follows. The rules of the game in China s property market have certainly changed, quite fundamentally: but the game is still there to be played, and won. All developers will be tested by the new environment, and from our perspective this is a good thing; it gives us the opportunity to differentiate ourselves in terms both of strategy and execution. To do this, we need to further utilize qualities that have already given us definite advantages in the market. These include maximizing the benefits we gain from less tangible features such as our respected brand image, our strong reputation, our reliable product quality, and our overall financial strength.
We believe that one of the major keys for success lies in exploiting our image and reputation as a trusted developer, renowned for product quality, sought after for homes that deliver location, design, comfort and exceptional value for money. Another is to flexibly adjust our home-building and land purchase strategies to match the new realities.
In summary, we view the Government s initiatives, including its new low-cost housing plans and the regulatory measures imposed on private housing purchases, not as a threat but a challenge. We do not see the low-cost housing proposed by the Government as a threat because it is designed to satisfy a quite different category of demand from the one that the Group targets.
As for the regulatory measures designed to suppress housing demand in major cities, and hence to stop prices rising, we believe these are designed to create stability and that, as conditions change, government policies and measures will continue to change in response.
In terms of incorporating these insights into our planning for the coming year, we have identified three main routes for success. The first is to continue with a conservative mindset, making caution the watchword in all our business activities. In particular, we plan to keep very tight controls over our cash flow through prudent management. This will involve practising a flexible land acquisition policy, whereby any land purchases are closely linked not just to good location and price, but also to a close and careful assessment of fine details such as capital allocation and payment terms. Our view is that, in the current clime, the quality of our land bank is more important than its absolute square meter size. Another important initiative to control cash flow will be to adjust the pace of construction at different projects in order to match our expectations of sales more closely.
Traditionally, we have focused on first tier cities (Beijing, Tianjin and Guangzhou in particular). We believe that growth in the property sector will continue to be driven by first tier cities, and we will remain highly active in them.
However, a second strategy will be to give more attention to second-and third-tier cities than we have in the past, examining closely the potential benefits of rebalancing our development portfolio by diversifying to an extent into these cities. Such benefits could include, for example, lower susceptibility to the impact of regulatory measure.
Under this general direction, the Group acquired its first development site in Harbin, Heilongjiang and Datong, Shanxi in the year.
Thirdly, we plan to adjust our product portfolio by developing more smaller-sized units. Smaller units tend to suit first-home buyers, who have access to financing, while larger units have typically been the target of investors or second-home buyers. We also plan to maintain an appropriate proportion of commercial for-sale properties in our total development portfolio. Commercial properties are not subject to HPR, and the market for them remains 
For the year under review, the Group s contracted sales amounted to RMB30.0 billion, making a saleable area of 2.26 million sq.m. Both these figures represent a slight fall from the corresponding 2010 totals (of RMB32.2 billion and 2.47 million sq.m. respectively). Given that the Group s sales for 2011 reflect the full-year effects of the regulatory measures (whereas in 2010 the measures were introduced partway through the year), and that further measures were introduced in early 2011 that had a softening effect on the market, we consider our final sales for 2011 to be satisfactory. Although the sales achieved were not spectacular, they were sufficient to generate a healthy cash flow and allow us to maintain consistent operations across the board.
For financial reporting, turnover was measured based on actual handover of properties, and on this basis the Group s turnover increased over last year. Its net profit, meanwhile, increased by 8.5% over that of 2010, to RMB4.83 billion. In all, we delivered a total of 2.2 million sq.m. of properties, largely in line with our annual plan.
As for land bank acquisition, we adopted a policy of purchase restraint which saw the Group bought three pieces of more sizable land during the year. The plots had a combined GFA of 1.36 million sq.m., and their acquisition brought the Group s total land bank to 28 million sq.m.
GFA. The first piece of land was a 270,000 sq.m. site in Yangji Village in the heart of Guangzhou. Prime sites like this one rarely come onto the market these days, and the Group was fortunate to acquire it after lengthy and patient private negotiations with the owners. The other sites purchased was in Harbin, Heilongjiang and Datong, Shanxi, and was of GFA 700,000 sq.m. and 390,000 sq.m. respectively. Both sites met all the stringent criteria we now apply when considering any land purchase.
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS FOR THE YEAR The Group is engaged in a number of joint venture projects with other major developers, an arrangement which brings us many benefits in terms of pooled resources and expertise. Specifically, the sites are the Guangzhou Asian Games Village, the Guangzhou Liede project, Tianjin Jinnan Xincheng, and Shanghai California Place.
All of these projects have either commenced sales or are very close to arriving at the sale phase. The Guangzhou Liede project is worth a special mention here; it is a high- end mixed development in Guangzhou CBD (Pearl River New Town). Sales of its residential portion commenced in November and the units put onto the market sold exceptionally quickly, many within a week or two of becoming available. What is more, the average selling price of RMB45,000 per sq.m. was a very good one, even among the high-end properties in the vicinity. Given that this project was not subject to HPR, the sales results probably offer a glimpse of how the property market would currently be performing without the negative effect of that 
The Group s hotel operations, part of its investment portfolio, continued to improve. Occupancy rose to new highs, especially in the Guangzhou hotels, and average room rates rose as a result too. Elsewhere, the R&F Panda City Tianhui Mall in Chengdu (opened in 2010) had several new facilities added during the year. These new leisure facilities helped boost shopper traffic, and reinforced the mall s reputation as probably the best designed shopping and entertainment complex in Chengdu. This has enabled the Group to begin building a stable, balanced mix of quality long-term tenants that will maximize rental income in the long run. The Group also has other investment properties that include a shopping mall in Beijing, and two Grade A office buildings, in Beijing and Guangzhou.
Both are now relatively mature, and their attractiveness to tenants has been reinforced by our provision of first-class maintenance and management services at both sites.
In 2010, we purchased our first piece of land in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province. This expanded our operations to a total of 13 cities in China. In the year under review, barely a year after completing the purchase, we made our sales debut in the city. This exceptionally short development cycle was an encouraging sign for the Group, demonstrating clearly that we are capable of moving very fast and using resources optimally so as to give ourselves a real competitive edge in the marketplace, even in a relatively unfamiliar city. It is a result that gives us great confidence for our future expansion plans in second- and third-tier cities.
The Group has always been alert to financing opportunities.
In April 2011 we achieved a first for a private PRC property enterprise when we successfully issued at par a RMB USD dual-tranche offshore bond, one tranche of 3-year 7% senior notes of RMB2.612 billion and the other tranche of 5-year 10.875% senior notes of US$150 million. These bond issues were an important new source of longer-term funding at a time when bank lending to property developers is subject to constraints. Further, in December 2011, the Group joined with the Ping An Group, one of the largest insurance companies and private wealth management institutions in China, to form a fund dedicated to investing in property projects of the Group. The fund is a platform that combines professional investment management skill of a reputable financial institution with the industry expertise of an experienced property developer. The initial fund size is RMB4.0 billion and it is targeted to close in March 2012. We will continue to look for innovative ways for expanding the Group s range of financing options.
LOOKING FORWARD: PROSPECTS AND 
As mentioned earlier, our revised strategies for 2012 mean that the Group will proceed cautiously with any land purchases and land bank replenishment will not be a goal of priority in 2012. We will also be looking to expand our operations for our current base of 13 (mostly tier 1) cities, to include projects in second-or third-tier cities where the conditions are right.
In terms of our contracted sales target, we have adopted a realistic view of the market and set the target at a very achievable RMB32 billion in contracted sales for the year. This represents a modest increase over the actual contracted sales for 2011. This is a goal that is fully supported by a schedule for launching around 39 projects.
What is more, the Group s emphasis on offering more modestly sized units to meet fundamental fixed demand may prove to be a good strategy for boosting sales, as suggested by the encouraging contracted sales expected for March 2012.
Our delivery target represents a total saleable area of approximately 2.66 million sq.m. We expect delivery to be split 2575 between the first and second half of the year, a pattern similar to that of 2011. That being said, in the longer term we remain committed to achieving a more even split of delivery.
Turning attention to rental income, we are optimistic that the Group s rental income (including distribution by the hotels) may hit RMB1.0 billion in 2012, as a result of the substantial groundwork we have done to ensure good occupancy and strong rental rates from our investment 
As I outlined earlier, our confidence in the future of our industry is based on a realistic assessment of structural changes taking place due to powerful Government control measures and its commitment to affordable housing.
Although these changes will certainly affect private development, we believe that ultimately there remains huge scope in the market. The inexorable march of urbanization in China is very far from complete; we expect many millions more to require quality housing in the next few years, and the Group s brand name and its portfolio of high quality housing across China will be a major attraction to many of these.

The year has brought its share of challenges, and I would like finally to acknowledge here the support and commitment of the many who have helped us face and overcome them. To our shareholders and investors, thanks are due for their loyalty and confidence in the future of the Group. To our thousands of satisfied customers, I offer special thanks for choosing R&F as their preferred property provider. In our goal of becoming one of China s most trusted and respected property development companies, this customer support is proving vital. As for the Company s Directors and its staff members, from top to bottom, I wish once again to thank and congratulate them on their energy and commitment, and their unflagging dedication to the Group s goals and ideals. With these levels of support and backing, I am confident that we can make the transition into a new era of property development in China smoothly and successfully.
Li Sze Lim Zhang Li Chairman Co-chairman and Chief Executive Officer 