Chairman s Statement Chinese economy stabilize and rebound in 2009, Property sector record historical high 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of Beijing Capital Land Ltd. ( BCL or the Company , together with its subsidiary, the Group ), I am pleased to present the Group s annual results for the year ended 31st December 2009.
In 2009, the PRC government implemented an economic stimulus package in response to the global financial crisis. The stimulus measures including an adequately-lax monetary policy and proactive fiscal policies that helped orchestrate a successful rebound in the country s property market. The preferential policies for the property sector implemented since early 2009 induce more home buyers to regain confidence in their housing consumption, unleashing the rigid housing demand precipitated since 2008, resulting in a whole return of activities to the market.
Transaction volume spurred and accompanied by rapid stabilization and rebound in average selling prices since the second quarter in light of increasing demands for living or improving their existing refuge and for investment purposes. In response to the reviving market, the government increased land supply in an effort to restore order in the market. For the whole of 2009, both transaction volume and transaction value hit new historical records. On the other hand, property developers entered a new phase of expansion across the country after the restricted supply of credit available to them was relaxed. Prices of both units and land soared to new highs, leading to growing concerns about overheating asset prices. In order to prevent an asset bubble from taking shape, the government imposed policies with the basic principle of differentiating buyers of varying purposes, stabilizing the market while preventing speculation . The new measures were intended to curb speculation activities so as to prevent prices from rising too rapidly. The policy approach was shifting from one that supports and stimulates the sector to one that encourages owner-occupancy, controls investment demand and inhibits speculative demand . Meanwhile the government intensified its efforts in construction of low-income housing to alleviate the pressure associated with the structural anomalies in the property market. This will establish a firm footing for a healthy development of the country s property market in the long run.
In 2009, the Group s turnover reached RMB5,393,150,000, representing an increase of 4.4% as compared to the previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders was RMB538,435,000, up 40.6% as compared to the previous year. Total contracted sold area reached to 1.01 million sq.
m., while total contracted sales revenue amounted to approximately RMB10.6 billion, representing increases of 199% and 183% respectively as compared to the previous year. The Board proposed payment of a final dividend of RMB0.11 per share for the year ended 31st 
In 2009, the Group successfully took advantage of the favourable market environment that unleashed purchasing power in stages with the launch of adequate projects for sale. The number of projects in the sales phase increased from 11 in 2008 to 15 in 2009, including urban high-end residential projects: Xanadu, Beijing, The Reflections, Beijing; low-density residential projects: Tianjin Noble City and Wuxi Gentle House; the new high-end First City series: Tianjin First City, Chengdu First City, Shenyang First City and Xi an First City. In addition, the Group also launched the North Ring Centre project in Beijing. These projects added diversity to the Group s project range and strengthened its edge as an integrated property developer. The Group s diversified product range matched well preferences of different types of customers. Coupled with competitive pricing strategies, most projects reported strong sales with notable increases in prices. During the year under review, contracted sales amount exceeded RMB10 billion for the first time, a breakthrough in the Group s history of corporate development.
In October 2009, the Group successfully raised RMB1 billion through a five-year domestic corporate bond issue at a coupon rate of 6.5%. This marked a breakthrough in the Group s ongoing efforts in financing channel diversification and financial structure optimization. This round of debt-financing not only provided the Group a stable pool of capital to fuel its business expansion, but also marked the Group s footprint in returning to the domestic capital markets.
During the year under review, the Group adhered its persistent prudent stance in land acquisitions despite the severe competition for land and emergence of king plots (parcels that fetched record prices) from time to time. Alternatively, the Group strengthened its cooperation and integration with its parent company in the areas of infrastructure development. The Group secured a land consolidation right in a land parcel that measures 2.9 million sq. m. situated along Tianjin Wuqing Section of Beijing-Tianjin Expressway. This move opened the Group s door to participate in urbanization developments ahead of the official planning schedule and secure premium land resources ahead of other competitors.
The Group continued to adopt integrated operation model, implemented differentiating strategies, adopted an innovative business model and pursued opportunities for unification in property development and industry sector. In 2009, the Group reached an agreement with an internationally renowned outlet operator to jointly develop two large-scale integrated commercial projects respectively in Foshan, Guangdong and Huzhou, Zhejiang. During the year, the Group acquired a residential project in Fangzhan, Beijing through acquisition, thereby replenished its land bank at low costs. On the other hand, the Group had never given up the pursuit of opportunities in the open market. In the first half of 2009, the Group won a right to clear up and develop land lot No. 6 of Langjiayuan in the CBD District in Beijing. The Group will continue to pursue land replenishment opportunities in both the primary market and the secondary market. As at the end of the year, the Group had land bank totaled 8.62 million sq. m., of which 4.55 million sq. m. represented its attributable interests, adequate for development in the next four to five years.
Accompanied with the transactions of the projects in Foshan, Guangzhou and Huzhou, Zhejiang being completed, the land bank will increased to 10.2 million sq. m. and of which 5.77 million sq. m. is attributable land reserves of the Group.
Driven by the stimulus package implemented by the governments at different levels, the property market in China experienced robust development in 2009, with transaction volume and transaction amount both reached historical highs. The market is trending towards polarization, with strong players grow even stronger and leading players sit on comparative advantages in acquiring land resources and raising capital.
Meanwhile, small and medium developers are on the brink of being eliminated. Competition is moving towards more intensified specialization and differentiation. While the consensual upward trend for the industry as a whole remains unchanged, in light of the continual rectification at the macro-policy level and changes in external environment, the development model in pursuit of this trend is undergoing an abrupt change.
As one of the leading large-scale integrated property developers in the PRC, BCL has over the years accumulated plentiful experiences in meeting home buyers increasingly sophisticated requirements, developing innovative operation models, promoting product range diversity and implementing standardization of operations to facilitate replication. In 2010, taking into account of possible changes in governmental policies, the Group will continue to implement its long- term development strategy and adhere to its principle of solid objective, stable growth, product differentiation and innovative development . We will exploit synergistic benefits from our increasing interaction with our parent company and explore comprehensive development model for unification in property development and industry sector. In addition, we will implement strategies that highlight differentiation of our products. We shall shorten the development cycles of our projects and remain flexible in our operations, with an effort to minimize the impact of industry fluctuations to the Group s performances, we are looking at establishing a solid foundation to support the Group s sustainable growth and realize balanced growth among shareholders, customers and employees.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our heartfelt gratitude to our clients, business partners and shareholders, for their confidence in and support for the Group. In addition, I would also like to take this opportunity to extend my appreciation to our staff members for their devotions and contributions throughout the year. The Group endeavours to unite with all our staff to overcome the challenges ahead. Leveraging its strong business platform, competitive edges in product differentiation and innovative expansion strategy, BCL is committed to harnessing growth in China s property market and becoming the most valuable integrated 
Hong Kong, 8th February, 2010 