CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
The Group will remain committed to
integrating its operations, differentiating
the business from the competition,
further strengthening its focus on
traditional core regions and businesses,
and following the new five year strategic
plan.
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Beijing Capital Land Ltd. (“BCL” or the “Company”;
together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), I am pleased to present the Group’s annual results for the year
ended 31 December 2013.
In 2013, the global economy continued to experience a slow recovery from the financial crisis. In the US, the
economy continued to pick up and the Federal Reserve took its first steps to ease back on its third round
of quantitative easing (“QE3”). Meanwhile, the economy in the European Union rebounded from its bottom
and showed signs of recovery from negative growth and emerging markets and other developing countries
maintained a relatively rapid rate of growth. While the overall growth rate slowed to some extent, it still
remained much higher than most developed countries.
In China, the country remained on track for steady economic development. Most economic indicators during
the year continued to remain positive, easing worries about a deepening economic downturn. The Third
Plenary Session of the 18th Central Committee of China’s Communist Party issued development guidance
to “comprehensively push through/deepen reforms” and presented a series of practical measures that are
expected to be rolled out. These measures are largely viewed as a positive signal for the ongoing support of
comprehensive development in China. In addition, policies stated in the report of the Third Plenary of the 18th
Central Committee of China’s Communist Party addressed many of the in-depth issues related to the property
sector, including the need to roll out reforms for rural land transfer, press ahead with urbanization, bring
forward legislation for property tax reform, and establish sustainable policies to enable healthy development of
the sector.
The property sector maintained a rapid pace of growth in 2013. The transaction volumes and prices rose
for both land and residential markets due to strong demand in first and second tier cities while the property
market remained segmented by the sluggish growth in medium and smaller-sized cities as a whole. Leading
companies in the sector mostly followed market trends and policy requirements and flexibly adjusted their 
operating strategies by focusing on residential property. Strong demand for residential property from owneroccupier
buyers and rapid turnover helped the leading property developers maintain faster growth in their
operating results. All of these factors strongly facilitated the healthy and stable development of the sector, and
further enhanced sector concentration. Property developers are expected to continue to enhance their overall
operational capabilities to capture new opportunities brought about by urbanization, and retain their core
competitiveness in the highly competitive and rapidly consolidating market.
2013 was a critical year in the Group’s strategic development. The Group appointed McKinsey to thoroughly
review the Company’s businesses and management, and together, BCL and McKinsey jointly developed a
strategic five year plan. The strategy will focus on the development of the Group’s three main business lines,
namely traditional residential property, “Residential + Integrated Outlets”, and Urban Core Complex. Moreover,
a comprehensive strategy was established for each individual business line and the Company introduced
innovative measures to enhance its management and incentive schemes in an effort to maximize both
operational flexibility and employee morale, while also supporting overall business growth.
The Group’s strategy of acquiring new land bank during the year has primarily been “focus on core regions”.
The Group acquired new high quality plots of land in Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai and Chongqing. Investments
in Beijing and Tianjin accounted for 77% of total new land bank, further enhancing the Group’s land reserves
in its core region. The Group also successfully entered the Shanghai market as part of its strategy to expand
in the Yangtze River Delta. In terms of business lines, the Group has been making progress in developing
its 3 core business lines: “Residential Properties”, “Residence + Outlets Complex”, and “Urban Core
Complex”. The Group has also added an innovative supplement to these business lines with its “primary
land development business”. For the “Residential Properties” business, all of the new projects that the Group
acquired during the year, including the Shenyang – Eco Village, Tianjin – Eco Village, Chongqing – Eco Village,
and Tianjin – Cambridge County projects, were also launched in the same year. For the “Residence + Outlets
Complex” business, the Group actively expanded its cooperation with a greater number of first-class domestic
and international brands, reaching nearly 300 by year end. For the “Urban Core Complex” business, land in
the Lize Financial Business District of Beijing that was successfully acquired in early 2013 will be developed
into a large scale high-end city complex with full access to the subway station underneath. For the “primary
land development business”, the Group made progress on its project in the Tianjin Wuqing Land Development
Zone. Primary and secondary land development in the area also improved, which helped to keep the project
on a healthy track.
During the year, the Group actively adjusted to changes in policy and market demand and optimized its
product portfolio in a timely manner. The Company further increased its investment in and development
of projects with strong demand and rapid turnover, including new projects such as Beijing – Ealing, the
International Peninsula in Wuqing, Tianjin, and Chongqing – Eco Village, all of which recorded satisfactory
sales results. Moreover, by taking advantage of national policies that are intended to promote urbanization,
and other opportunities to meet demand from consumers with higher disposable incomes and increasingly
refined tastes, the Group remained committed to further promoting its “residential + outlets” business model.
During the year, the Group successfully launched several “Outlet” projects in Beijing and Huzhou. In particular,
the Beijing-Novotown, Beijing-Ballet Town, and Kunshan-Capital Novotel “Residential + Outlets” projects
recorded sales of RMB3.4 billion. In 2013, the Company was able to set a new record for revenues as a result
of the Group’s strategy of focusing on its core regions and products. As at 31 December 2013, the Group’s
accumulated contracted sales in terms of gross floor area (“GFA”) totaled approximately 1.92 million square
meters (sq.m.), and the contracted sales amounted to RMB19.6 billion, representing an increase of 48% over
2012. The average contracted sales price was approximately RMB10,200 per square meter (sq.m.), a yearon-year
increase of 33%. Revenue grew by 24% to RMB11,320,840,000. Net profit attributable to equity
holders reached RMB1,522,006,000, an increase of 37% over the previous year. The board of directors has
recommended a final dividend of RMB0.22 per share (before tax) for the year ended 31 December 2013.
Financial resources, especially large scale long-term financing played an indispensable role in the development
and transformation of the business. In 2013, the Group introduced a number of innovative financing
agreements in order to improve the balance sheet and secure sustainable and stable sources of capital at
low cost. In April, 2013, the Group issued US$400 million senior perpetual capital securities, and then in
November 2013, the Group raised RMB2 billion in domestic funds from China Life Insurance through a debt
investment plan. Both transactions helped to improve the Group’s gearing and further diversify its sources of
financing. In addition, the Group successfully completed the acquisition of Juda international Holdings Limited
(“Juda”) (stock code: 1329), a company listed on the main board of Hong Kong Stock Exchange, in December
2013. The Company intends to develop Juda into an overseas platform to further support the Group’s
businesses.
Looking forward to 2014, the Group will remain committed to integrating its operations, differentiating the
business from the competition, further strengthening its focus on traditional core regions and businesses, and
following the new five year strategic plan. In terms of regional layout, the Group will primarily focus on core
regions such as Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, Chengdu, Chongqing and the surrounding areas of each of these
cities. In terms of business model, the Group’s residential property development business will continue to
focus on products with rapid turnover and strong demand from owner-occupier buyers in an effort to maintain
sales momentum. The Group will further leverage the success of its Outlets model and steadily replicate it
in other major first and second tier cities. BCL also intends to develop its “Urban Core Complex” business
line into a new growth driver based on the Group’s development in the Lize Business District of Beijing.
Furthermore, the Group will continue to maintain and develop its comprehensive financing platform to support
further growth by leveraging both domestic and overseas financial markets.
In 2013, we celebrated the anniversary of our first decade since our listing on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange. In 2014, we look to continue our journey of creating long-term value for our shareholders. On
behalf of the Board, I would like to express our gratitude to our shareholders, business partners and clients
for their care, support and help. Looking forward to the next 10 years, we will continue to forge ahead and
accelerate our transformation, enhance our unique competitive edge and make continual efforts to become
one of the most valuable integrated property developers in China.
Liu Xiaoguang
Chairman
Hong Kong, 9 February 2014