CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
The Group remains committed to executing our
strategy, strengthening our portfolio by acquiring
high quality land in core cities, and expanding
overseas investments.
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Beijing Capital Land Ltd. (“BCL” or the “Company”;
together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), I am pleased to present the Group’s annual results for the year
ended 31 December 2014.
The global economy in 2014 slowed and saw a number of uneven developments. The U.S. economy largely
recovered and picked up momentum as the U.S. Federal Reserve appears to be on track to gradually end
quantitative easing. However, the economies of other developed countries and regions remain stressed
and experienced various downturns. Emerging markets continued on a path of industrial and structural
improvements while demonstrating stable growth momentum. As an important emerging market, China
has stepped into a “new normal” phase, characterized by an increased emphasis on higher quality growth.
Namely, the pace of economic growth will slow and move towards a more sustainable level from prior periods
of hyper-growth. As the economic structure evolves, innovation will be a more important growth driver rather
than productivity and investment.
During 2014, China’s property sector adjusted from last year’s rapid growth and also moved towards a
“new normal”. Administrative policies were gradually lifted, movement on longer-term structural adjustments
started to be seen, and market forces began to play a more important role. This new environment is leading
to more rational consumer expectations and intense industrial competition. New integrated and innovative
business models, including property-related internet businesses, will be the new focus of the industry and
drive potential growth. The property sector has entered a new phase of development and will encounter new
challenges and opportunities.
2014 was the first year of our new strategic five year plan. As a part of this plan, we focused on projects
in five core cities across three main business lines, and took advantage of investment opportunities in
primary land markets. In 2014, our land investment totaled RMB19.4 billion with a focus on Beijing, Tianjin,
Shanghai, Chengdu, and Chongqing, and GFA totaled to 3.54 million sq. m., mainly for high-turnover, homebuyer
oriented products. Beijing and Shanghai accounted for over 70% of total investment. We therefore
strengthened our foothold in Beijing and started to execute on our strategy in Shanghai.
We rapidly expanded our global business in 2014. BCL joined hands with Australian developers to launch
mid-to-high-end residential projects in Sydney, namely Project Eve and Project Carlingford, in 2014. All
apartments that were released sold out quickly, with total contracted sales reaching RMB2.3 billion. Our
overseas business has become an important focus of development which provides new opportunities to the
Company.
Considerable efforts have been made to promote our integrated “Residential + Outlet” business line, which is
further bolstering our position as a leading nationwide outlet developer. Our Beijing Capital Outlets recorded
turnover of RMB900 million in the second year of operation. The Hainan Integrated Outlets and Huzhou
Integrated Outlets were also launched in 2014. All three outlets were awarded “AAA” tourist attractions by
the China National Tourism Administration and became new tourism hot spots in their respective regions. By
the end of 2014, our collection of outlet developments have attracted nearly 700 domestic and international
brands, demonstrating our strong capabilities in commercial operations and management.
During the year, we explored new and diversified financing channels in order to develop a comprehensive
financing platform. In 2014, we injected 100% equity interest of Xi’an project into our subsidiary, Juda
International Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 1329). Juda is a steadily developing red-chip platform that
develops integrated commercial properties and innovative businesses, and provides access to mature
overseas capital markets. In addition, we established a US$1 billion guaranteed medium term note and
perpetual securities programme, and issued RMB3.25 billion of senior bonds and US$450 million of perpetual
securities. In 2014, we also collaborated with a number of financial institutions to set up several real estate
funds. BCL and CITIC Trust teamed up to invest RMB3.9 billion in two projects in Beijing and Chongqing.
In 2014, we proactively adopted measures to increase our sales performance during a period of industry
adjustment. As part of these measures, we focused on accelerating project development and sales. For
example, we greatly shortened the launch of construction and sales for projects that were newly obtained
in 2014 to 5.5 months and 8.4 months, respectively. Secondly, we leveraged the internet to increase the
number of sales and marketing channels that consumers have access to, combining onsite, offsite, and online
channels, and creating a comprehensive online-to-offline (O2O) platform. The initiative has already helped
to improve our sales performance. Thirdly, we adopted a direct investment program for several projects that
allows BCL team members to invest in their projects, which helps to align incentives between shareholders
and project teams. Teams that have adopted the direct investment program have seen significant
improvements in contracted sales, cost controls and project development speed. During the year under
review, we recorded total contracted sales area of approximately 2.495 million sq.m., an increase of 29.8%
year-on-year, and total contracted sales were approximately RMB24.86 billion, an increase of 26.8 % year-onyear.
We have experienced rapid growth in our overall business development and demonstrated significant progress
on our new five-year strategy. Looking forward to 2015, the Group remains committed to executing our
strategy, strengthening our portfolio by acquiring high quality land in core cities, and expanding overseas
investments. We will redouble our efforts to leverage the internet to further accelerate sales and marketing
channels, and introduce innovative initiatives in property management and customer service. We will also
continue to build a standardized and centralized procurement platform in order to control costs and improve
operational efficiency. In addition, further promotion of the direct investment program will aid our development
as employees transform into partners.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our gratitude to BCL’s clients, business partners and
shareholders for their care, support and help over the past year. We are big advocates of promoting our core
values of “passion, reliability, sharing, happiness, collaborative innovation”. We will continue to forge ahead,
accelerate our transformation and innovation, enhance our unique competitive edge, and devote ourselves to
becoming one of the most valuable integrated property developers in China.
Liu Xiaoguang
Chairman
Hong Kong, 9 February 2015