Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of Beijing Capital Land Ltd. ( BCL or the Company ; together with its subsidiary, the Group ), I am pleased to present the Group s annual results for the year ended 31st 
After the market fluctuation of the international financial crisis, the Chinese economy gradually returned to stable growth track against the backdrop of structural adjustment in 2010. While gaining momentum for economic growth during the year, the Chinese economy was under a favorable condition of market-driven investment, consumption and export. The withdrawal of economic stimulation policies and the adoption of stable monetary policy instead of a relaxed one indicated that the Chinese economy has made an important progress in resuming normal growth and maintained steady yet rapid growth.
In 2010, the central government promulgated a series of measures, such as the Notice of the State Council on Rsolutely Curbing the Soaring of Housing Prices in Some Cities (also known as the The State Council s No. 10 National Notice and The State Council s No. 5 National Notice ). In addition to conventional policies including the increase in the proportion of down payment and interest rate, the central government also adopted an accountability system on local governments, while monitoring property price by imposing restrictions on home purchase and loan credits. The sternness of those initiatives demonstrated the dedication of the central government in stabilizing property price, securing people s livelihood, beating off speculative demand and restraining the skyrocketing of property price. The implementation and strengthening of measures have shown significant effect on slowing down the increase in property price and maintaining stable transaction. As consumers are becoming more rational, situation of tight market supply and demand has eased.
Amidst the adjustment of economic structure and tightening market control, BCL accelerated project development, optimized product portfolio and enhanced its business with the brand philosophy of Total Value, Total Life while promoting urbanization in mainstream region. During the year under review, the Group has 22 projects on sale in key cities of three main economic zones at Bohai Rim, Yangtze River Delta and Central and southwestern China. As at 31st December 2010, contracted sold gross floor area ( GFA ) of the Group amounted to approximately 1.19 million sq. m and contracted sales totaled RMB12.5 billion, representing new historic high of 
In 2010, the Group s turnover reached RMB6,492,649,000, representing an increase of 20% as compared to the previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders was RMB918,155,000, up 71% as compared to the previous year. The Board resolved the payment of RMB0.18 per share as the final dividend for the year ended 31st December 2010.
Despite intensive promulgation of austerity measures during the year under review, beating off investment and speculative demand remained as the focus. Real market demand, especially demand for self-owned properties and second homes for better living environment in second tier to third tier cities dominated the market. Upon comprehensive estimation of the risk and market changes brought forth by policies implementation, the Group further expedited project launch, expanded scale of development to ensure adequate supply. By adjusting product type, increase the proportion of small-to-medium-sized units and products of lower pricing in a timely manner, the Group stayed abreast with market demand and successfully reinforced its market position, enhanced its market share and achieved extraordinary sales performance. During the year, the Group launched a number of new projects, including Beijing Ballet Town, Phase III of Urban Town, Tianjin Fortune City, Tianjin Landing House, Chengdu Citt Villa, Chongqing Hong en International Living District and Wuxi Joyous House. All these projects posted satisfactory sales performance on debut day and were well-received by the market. Other projects in sale, such as Xanadu, Beijing, Tianjin First City, Chengdu First City and Wuxi Gentle House etc, continued to deliver stable sales and strengthen the Group s market influence.
In 2010, the Group continued to adhere to its stable yet flexible investment strategy. While foreseeing and capturing the development opportunities of urbanization, the Group also enahced its presence in markets where it has already entered and extended its development to surrounding regions. Leveraging on our edges in integrated operation, innovative business development model and proven track record in traditional residential property development, new integrated residential project and land development, the Group continued to accumulate quality land resources. The Group successfully acquired, at upset price, the Changyang Town Project in Fangshan, Beijing and established the strategic distribution of our new integrated residential project series in Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta and Bohai Rim regions. The Group achieved excellent results for this project, of which land acquisition, construction completion and project launch took place in the same year. In Beijing, where land market faces keen competition, the Group acquired Miyun Villa Project following the Huangxinzhuang Project in Fangshan, which further strengthened its leading edges in the market. The Group also acquired the residential project in Wuqing, Tianjin by participating in primary land development. This represents a significant breakthrough of the Group s business strategy in primary and secondary development. In addition, the Group actively responded to the implementation of austerity measures on property sector and captured the opportunities of commercial property development upon the introduction of home purchase restrictions, successfully securing the office and serviced apartment project in Chengyang, Qingdao. The Group also obtained the residential land plot in Jiangsu Zhenjiang Industrial Park, further strengthening our market position in Yangtze River Delta region. BCL has achieved remarkable progress in primary land development sector, which is of strategic importance. Following the success of Tianjin Wuqing project, the Group has secured a number of land development projects in Beijing, Nanjing and Hainan.
During the year under review, BCL further broadened its fund raising channels and spearheaded some innovative financing means amidst tightening loan credit policy for property developers. It obtained RMB2.55 billion in total by means of trust financing at a cost lower than market average. In addition, the Group successfully issued a three-year RMB1.15 billion guaranteed bond with a coupon rate of 4.75% in Hong Kong in February 2011. This help broadened financial channels and strengthened capital position, providing the Group with favorable capital support to ride on arising opportunities during market consolidation.
Looking forward to 2011, the central government will continue to exert efforts in restraining rapid increase in property price and beating off speculative and investment demand in the long term. Nonetheless, the momentum for future growth remains intact. With promoting urbanization, securing people s livelihood and encouraging domestic consumption as the main focus of the macro-economy, market demand that supports the rapid development of the industry continued to grow. Property development must be complimentary to the trend of economic growth and be in line with the theme of market control, i.e. secure people s livelihood, adjust product structure and promotion standardization and regulation. Land and residential property supply will not only emphasize on increase in volume, but also stress the importance of structural adjustment. Tax reform and transaction standard will continue to improve. In regard to control of the property market in future, we believe those implemented measures will reveal effectiveness should there be no changes in policy. We expect market operation will be in line with overall economic development.
As such, the Group devised the operating principle of achieving breakthrough in operation scale, accumulating quality resources, implementing differentiation competition and reinforcing innovative development after taking into account possible market changes and fluctuations in 2011. BCL will follow market development trend to increase its development scale and sales performance, so as to ensure stable business growth. In addition, the Group will further implement its integrated operation model, accumulate resources for strategic cooperation and proactively enhance land reserve and capital resources. By continuing the exploration of differentiation development, integrated operation model that combines innovative property and industry development, the Group strives for strengthening the synergies of residential property and integrated projects, market presence and customer recognition. We also aimed at minimizing our gap with leading industry players and maximize our corporate value by means of optimizing strategic management model, standardized product operation, reducing development cost as well as accelerating asset turnover, increasing investment returns and enhancing 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere gratitude to our clients, business partners and shareholders, for their confidence in and support to the Group. I would also like to extend my appreciation to our staff members for their dedication and restless efforts throughout the year. BCL will work with our staff members and overcome future challenges hand in hand. Leveraging our solid foundation of integrated business operation, competitive edges in product differentiation and innovative development strategy, BCL endeavors to promote the sustainable development of China s property market, so as to become the most valuable integrated property 
Hong Kong, 28th March 2011 