CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
The Group accelerated its strategic
transformation of business, optimized
product portfolio continuously, and
took the leading role in property
industry with brand philosophy of
“Total Value, Total Life”.
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Beijing Capital Land Ltd. (“BCL” or the “Company”;
together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), I am pleased to present to you the Group’s annual results for the
year ended 31 December 2012.
In 2012, China remained on track for steady economic development despite the persisting European
sovereign debt crisis and slowdown in the global economy. The country’s economy was undergoing a
structural transformation, as evidenced by the growing momentum in services and new industries. The
fundamental change was also reflected in the increasing contribution from domestic consumption activities to
the country’s economic growth, and the accelerating developments in the central and western regions. Plans
on regional developments were revised to optimize results.
During the year, the Central and local governments at all levels implemented a series of measures to foster
both the owner-occupier demand for basic housing and the desire for improving living conditions. These
measures included differentiating credit policies and “Regulations on Management of Housing Provident
Fund”. As a result, the country’s property market recovered with rebounds in transaction volumes in major
cities and the property prices were stabilizing. In December 2012, the Politburo of the Communist Party of
China resolved that the country will intensify urbanization efforts. This will create opportunities for the property
development sector. In the future, home purchases will increasingly become an integral part of domestic
consumption, and the housing market will be driven by owner-occupier demand for basic housing and the
desire for improved living conditions.
While the country was restructuring its economy and regulating the property sector with determined efforts in
2012, the Group set a trend in the property sector under its principle of “Total Value, Total Life” as it carried
out a strategic transformation. It optimized the structure of its property development business. It continued
its strategy of “integrated operation and value-focused business operation” by rendering assistance in
promoting the country’s urbanization and economic development in emerging regions. The Group had 32
property projects on sale in 12 major cities in the three key areas of the Pan Bohai Rim Economic Zone, the
Yangtze River Delta and the mid-southwestern China. For the year ended 31 December 2012, the Group’s
accumulated contracted sales in terms of gross floor area (“GFA”) totaled approximately 1.73 million square
metres (sq. m.), up 46% from 2011. Its contracted sales value grew by 20% to about RMB13.3 billion.
The Group’s recognized contracted sales for the year rose by 21% to about RMB9,134,054,000 in 2012.
Net profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company increased by 11% to RMB1,110,925,000. The
Board of Directors of the Company (The “Board”) proposed payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31
December 2012 of RMB0.16 per share (before tax).
During the year, the property sector’s upgrade became more pronounced as integrated property projects
emerged as mainstream offerings. Property projects that satisfy the owner-occupier demand for basic housing
and the desire for improving living conditions became the mainstream and best-selling offerings in the market.
The Group promptly optimized its product structure to tap the latest developments in both the property
market and industry to drive business growth and this move accelerated turnover of its projects. Its major
projects including Beijing Fangshan Xinyuedu, Tianjin A-Z Town, Tianjin International Peninsula, Zhenjiang
Joyous House, Qingdao Airport International Center, Qingdao Central Park No. 1 and Yantai Sunny Chief Yard
achieved satisfactory sales results. Other major projects for sale including Beijing Ballet Town, Tianjin First City,
Chengdu Cittá Villa, Wuxi Joyous House, Chongqing Hong’en International Living District, Xi’an First City and
Shenyang First City all maintained stable sales performances.
In its four lines of businesses including residential property development, integrated residential and
commercial projects, high-end integrated urban projects and primary land development, the Group fully
leveraged its advantages of integrated operations and innovative models of development, and acquired highquality
land plots for future development. During the year under review, the Group adopted a strategy of
“focusing on property development in clusters of the major cities” when acquiring land plots to replenish its
land bank. It built up land reserves in the Pan Bohai Rim Economic Zone and Yangtze River Delta, increasing
its combined land reserves in Beijing, Tianjin, Shenyang, Kunshan, Huzhou and Qinhuangdao by 2.86 million
sq. m. The Group made consistent progresses in integrated residential and commercial projects as it acquired
its fourth “Outlets Integrated Project” in Kunshan, following the same model implemented in existing projects
in Beijing, Kunshan, Huzhou and Wanning of Hainan province. The integrated outlet projects in Fangshan
of Beijing, Huzhou of Zhejiang and Wanning of Hainan were marketing shop spaces in their commercial
properties for rental, and signed up with a number of tenants who will start operation in 2013. Moreover, 
the Group successfully developed an integrated residential and tourism project in the historic Jinxi town in
Kunshan, making inroads into the property market for this kind of projects for the first time. It also made a
progress in primary land development by exploiting synergies with infrastructure businesses of its parent
company, the Capital Group. It finished resettlement and demolition works in the Beijing Shunyi Zhaoquanying
Project, and made steady progresses in Beijing Pinggu Jinhaihu Project and Tianjin Wuqing Project.
To cope with the credit tightening policies targeting the property sector during the year under review, the
Group actively explored new ways of financing and exploring diverse financing channels, with an objective of
migrating to an “asset-light” business model from the previous “asset-heavy” one. The Company and China
Railway Trust Co., Ltd. jointly established Beijing Capital Land – China Railway United Real Estate Investment
Trust with an initial capital of RMB1 billion, of which RMB800 million was raised from the public. The Group
was rated Ba2 by Moody’s and BB+ by Fitch Ratings, reflecting its premium corporate creditworthiness. The
credit ratings facilitated the Group’s fund-raisings from the international capital markets. In November 2012,
the Company launched a RMB2 billion three-year guaranteed bond issue at a coupon rate of 7.60% per
annum. The issue drew enthusiastic market responses and was more than ten times subscribed.
Looking ahead in 2013, the Group will adhere to its core development strategy of “integrated operation,
value-focused business operation, and accelerating turnover”. On top of its success in developing a new
business of integrated residential and commercial projects in 2012, the Group will accelerate turnover of its
projects by stepping up investment and sales efforts in its key markets of the three economically vibrant areas
and by adopting a new business model in 2013. These moves will help the Group cope with challenges in
the market which is becoming more competitive and increasingly concentrating on major industry players.
The Group will work diligently to achieve a contracted sales target of RMB20 billion earmarked for 2013
through well-planned and coordinated expansion. In terms of geographical coverage, the Group will increase
investments in its key target markets where it enjoys competitive advantages and has strong influences.
Moreover, it will develop more integrate residential and commercial projects in order to better exploit the 
potential of this business model which combines land development with property development. It will promote
development of new business projects which integrate residential properties, promoting “Residential +
Outlets” “Residential + Tourism”, “Residential + Education”, and “Residential + Elderly Care”. This business
model features realization of the full potential of land and can satisfy the diversified needs of home buyers. In
financing, the Group has leveraged its premium credit ratings from international rating agencies and actively
seek low-cost funding in substantial sizes for longer tenures.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our gratitude to our clients, business partners and
shareholders, for their care, support and assistance rendered to the Group. The entire staff of Beijing Capital
Land will work diligently for a better future with dedication and team spirit. With our strategy of “integrated
operation, value-focused business operation, and accelerated turnover”, the Group will spearhead the
upgrading transformation in the property sector, and aspires to become the country’s best integrated property
developer.
Liu Xiaoguang
Chairman
Hong Kong, 28 February 2013