Chairman’s Statement
The Group accelerated its strategic
transformation of business, optimized product
portfolio continuously, and took the leading role
in property industry with brand philosophy of
”Total Value, Total Life”. 
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Beijing Capital Land Ltd. (“BCL” or the “Company”;
together with its subsidiary, the “Group”), I am pleased to present the Group’s annual results for the year
ended 31 December 2011.
In 2011, the growth of the global economy generally slowed down under the cloud of the euro-zone sovereign
debt crisis. Against this backdrop, China’s economy continued to stay on track of stable and healthy growth.
Meanwhile, the structure of China’s economy had undergone changes, with the emergence of domestic
consumption which became a key driving force for the stable and brisk growth of the economy, as growth of
external demand was shrinking.
The central government and the governments of all levels promulgated a series of stringent regulatory
measures including the “Notice of the State Council on Resolutely Curbing the Soaring of Housing Prices in
Some Cities” (also known as the “The State Council’s No. 8 National Notice”), home buying restriction and
differentiated credit policies to effectively suppress speculative investments in the property market, enable the
stable and healthy development of the property market, and restore property prices to reasonable levels to
protect people’s livelihood in 2011. As the regulatory measures became increasingly stern, investment and
speculative demand would gradually fade out, replaced with solid market demand and demand for improving
living conditions. As consumers are becoming more rational, the balance in the supply and demand of the
market is gradually restored.In 2011, the Group accelerated its strategic
transformation of business, optimized product portfolio
continuously, and took the leading role in property
industry with brand philosophy of ”Total Value, Total
Life” amidst the adjustment of economic structure and
tightening regulatory control in the property market.
While the Group further consolidated its development
strategy of “Integrated and Value Operation”, it
continuously promoted urbanization in mainstream
regions and economic development of emerging
districts. During the year, the Group had 28 projects
on sale in 11 key cities of the three main economic
regions at the Bohai Rim, the Yangtze River Delta and
Mid-southwestern China. As at 31 December 2011,
contracted sales gross floor area (“GFA”) of the Group
amounted to approximately 1.18 million sq. m. and
contracted sales totaled RMB11 billion, a generally
stable sales performance in spite of the slowdown of
overall sale-through rate in the industry.
In 2011, the Group’s revenue and profit attributable
to equity holders reached to RMB7,523,321,000 and
RMB955,062,000, representing growth of 16% and
4% year-on-year respectively. The Board resolved the
payment of RMB0.19 per share as the final dividend for
the year ended 31 December 2011.
In retrospect, despite the fall in transaction volumes
in some major cities as a result of tightening austerity
measures, solid market demand, especially demand for
improving living conditions remained vibrant. Consumers
raised their concerns for variety of supporting
facilities other than their residence, making integrated
development projects a mainstream product type in
the industry. Upon comprehensive evaluation of market
changes and future industry development trend as a
result of regulatory policies implementation’s impact
of market demand, the Group had timely adjustment
of its product structure by increasing the supply of
flats for first time home buyers and buyers with a
aim of improving their living conditions first time, and
strengthening integrated developments and the launch
of residential complexes, to keep abreast with market
demand. Meanwhile, the Group is enhancing its market
influence through the regional economic development
brought forth by the Group’s projects. This created
competitive edges for the Group in realizing scale
breakthrough, stabilizing its market position and gaining
larger market share. During the year, the Group launched
a number of new projects, including Beijing Landscape
Villa, Tianjin International Peninsula, Tianjin A-Z Town,
Chengdu Wanjuanshan, Qingdao Sunny Central Park 
No. 1 and all these projects posted satisfactory sales performance and were well-received by the market.
Other major projects on sale, such as Beijing Urban Town, Beijing Ballet Town, Tianjin First City, Tianjin Noble
City, Tianjin Fortune City, Tianjin Landing House, Chengdu First City, Chengdu Cittá Villa, Xi’an First City,
Shenyang First City etc, continued to deliver stable sales performance.
Leveraging on the edges of three mature business lines, namely traditional residential development, new
integrated residential projects and primary land development, the Group proactively accumulates quality land
bank resources, further enhancing its advantages in integrated operations and business innovation. During the
year, the Group accelerated balanced development across China in accordance with its strategy of focusing
on developed cities while expanding in second and third-tier cities. The Group increased its land bank with
total GFA of 2.46 million sq. m in Beijing, Tianjin, Qingdao, Yantai, Jiangyin, and Wanning in Hainan. As the
Group’s new integrated residential projects grew steadily, the Group secured the fourth Outlets integrated
project in Hainan Wanning, forming a national planning of Outlets in Beijing, Foshan, Huzhou and Hainan
Wanning. The Group’s primary land development also made further progress, through the creation of synergy
with the infrastructure business of the parent company, Capital Group, supporting the implementation of
primary and secondary development at full speed. The newly acquired projects including Beijing Shunyi
Zhaoquanying Project, Beijing Pinggu Jinhaihu Project and Tianjin Wuqing Project are also in steady progress.
During the year under review, the Group spearheaded some innovative financing channels with its unique
characteristics through long-term strategic collaboration with large-scale financial institutions, despite of
tightening credit policy for property developers. By transforming the Group’s business model from “assetfocus”
to “asset-light”, it creates diverse financing channels which provide ample capital for the Group’s
expansion against the industry cycle. In February 2011, the Group successfully issued a three-year RMB 1.15
billion guaranteed bond with a coupon rate of 4.75% in Hong Kong, further broadening financial channels.
This has also made the Group the first non-financial enterprise to issue RMB guaranteed bond using the
guarantor structure.
Looking ahead in 2012, the Group will adhere to the operating principle of “economies of scale and
continuous efficiency enhancement” and continue the core strategy of “resources integration, value operation
and accelerated turnover”. The Group will strive to maintain steady growth in major operation indicators
through realizing the scale breakthrough by accelerated asset turnover and steady expansion, on the basis
of the solid foundation of 2011 exploration of new business. The Group will continue its national strategy that
focuses on the three major circles of the cities in the Bohai Rim, Yangtze River Delta and Pearl River Delta,
and step up development of regions with potential such as the Mid-west regions and Hainan International
Tourist Island, to diversify risk and cultivate new growth drivers. In terms of business model, the Group will
continue to explore the new “integrated operation” business model which combines primary land development
with property development, strengthen the strategic involvement in the emerging industries in major regional
development projects as well as the commercial operation of Outlets integrated residential projects. In the
aspect of financing, the Group will actively explore the possible cooperation with strategic partners who have
a solid financial position, so as to implement diversified financing channels such as real estate investment
fund, and equity and debt financing in domestic and international markets.
At last, I, on behalf of the Board, would like to express our sincere gratitude to our clients, business partners
and shareholders, for their care, support and help to the Group. The group will work with our staff members
hand in hand to create a better future. Leveraging our solid foundation of integrated business operation,
competitive edges in product differentiation and innovative development strategy, the group endeavors to
promote standard improvement and complete transformation of China’s property market, so as to become
the most valuable integrated property operator.
Liu Xiaoguang
Chairman
Hong Kong, 19 March 2012