Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors ( Board of Directors ) of Beijing Capital Land Ltd. ( BCL or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I am pleased to present the Group s annual results for the year ended 31st December 2007.
In the year of 2007, the Company saw much success to its full steam development efforts, recording remarkable achievements not only of steady growth in contracted sales revenue and contracted sales area but also obtaining satisfactory results in developments outside Beijing. The Group has started to reap the fruits of its actions. Following the buoyant development trend enjoyed in 2006, during the year under review, the Group continued to leverage on its competitive advantages by actively expediting its nationwide strategy of expanding into other major cities. The Group has devoted significant efforts and resources in making successful bids for the acquisitions of a number of residential projects in Tianjin, Chengdu, Shenyang, Wuxi and Suzhou. This has increased not only the Group s land bank but also the sales contributions from development projects outside Beijing. All this has enabled the Group to achieve important breakthrough in its business development. On the other hand, in face of strengthening macro economic measures implemented by the Central Government, the Group has taken a prudent approach and followed the changing market by adjusting its business strategies in a timely manner to speed up construction of properties and accelerate the pace of its nationwide expansion.
The rapid development in the Group s scale of operations and the substantial growth of its operational results reflect that business has resumed upward trend and headed towards rapid growth 
Liu Xiaoguang, Chairman 
The overall economy in China continued to enjoy robust and steady growth in 2007 with acceleration of urbanization, better social structure, higher per capita income and improvement in people s livelihood. During the year under review, China s GDP increased by 11.4%. Benefiting from such a favorable economic environment, the property market was vibrant with growing user demand and active transactions in the residential property sector.
Nevertheless, in order to maintain sustainable, healthy and stable growth for the property sector, the Central Government implemented a series of austerity measures. These include enforcement of tax collection, restriction of the inflow of hot money from foreign investment, tightening standards of property lending and control of loan scale, and encouragement of mid to low-end residential projects of smaller unit areas. All measures aimed at cooling down the overheated property sector and over investment.
Thanks to our unique operating model, acute market insight and energetic spirit, the Group was able to seize every opportunity to implement its strategy of replication of standardized products and launched a number of mid to high-end residential projects of high quality and excellent community planning in each of the Group s major presence in China with overwhelming market response, which made remarkable contribution to the sales performance of the Group. The Group focuses on development of mid to high- end residential properties for home buyers; as such feels minimal impact of the macro economic measures which were aimed at cooling down overheated property investment and speculation. In the long run, integration in the China property market will provide favourable rapid growth opportunities for big-scale, competent integrated property developers like BCL.
For the year under review, the Group launched a total number of 11 projects. The Group s revenue and profit attributable to shareholders for the year achieved record high of RMB4,870,929,000 and RMB526,009,000 and a year-on-year growth of 139% and 98% respectively. Contracted sales area amounted to 720,000 sq. m., posting a year-on-year growth of 6.4%, while contracted sales revenue reached RMB8,000,000,000, a decrease of 6.8% year-on-year. Of which, the proportion of contracted sales revenue from residential properties increased to 79% from 61% of last year, and that of commercial and office properties decreased from 39% of 2006 to 19%.
To thank you for your continuous support, the Board has recommended a final dividend of RMB0.12 per share for the year ended 31st December 2007, a dividend payout ratio of 58%.
To sustain long term growth, the Group always emphasizes development in its three strategic regions, namely, the Bohai Rim, central and southwest China, and the Yangtze River Delta Region. During the year under review, the Group continued to actively implement its strategy of expanding into markets outside Beijing by acquiring a total of 11 projects in Tianjin, Chengdu, Shenyang, Wuxi, Suzhou and Xian. The acquisition of these projects brought about an additional land bank of 5.59 million sq. m. to the Group. This has not only formed a competitive edge in terms of scale but also successfully extended the Group s presence in Suzhou and Xian, and strengthening the influence of its brand. The robust growth of BCL in the last two years and its success in implementing a balanced strategy of extending presence in Three-Regions-Eight-Cities shows that the products, services, brand and operational philosophy of the Group are highly recognized by the market. The Group actively promotes three mainstream product lines through standardization of products and replication of it. They are the Urban High-density Integrated Community series represented by A-Z Town, the Urban Internationalized High-end Community series represented by the Upper East Side, and the Urban Low-density Humanistic Community series represented by Tianjin Butchart Garden. Through these efforts, the Group aims to strengthen its established, solid foundation in major cities in the country, further expand its market share in cities where it has presence and consolidate its brand position in cities outside Beijing in order to set the scene for sustainable and stable growth in future.
The Group expects that new units on the 11 special feature residential and commercial projects in Beijing and in areas outside Beijing will be launched to the market in 2008, which shall bring forth satisfactory sales results for the Group.
In the mean time, the Group shall continue to develop and operate investment properties auxiliary to residential projects, and to strengthen the synergies of these two businesses. Such investment properties would provide good balance in the Group s property portfolio, more sources of revenue and remarkable, stable cash flow.
Looking ahead, benefiting from the upcoming Beijing 2008 Olympic Games, the economy, the society and the people s livelihood will continue to improve in China thus promote a more positive international image of China. Continuous stable economic growth and higher per capita income will further stimulate demand and supply in the China property market. This bodes well for the industry in turn provides significant business opportunities for the Group. The Group will make every endeavour in pursuit of its objective to be an internationalized, major integrated property operator. The Group will continue to enhance implementation of its strategic development plan in areas outside Beijing; expedite the implementation of product standardization; lower costs of development and fine-tune product quality; speed up management reforms and realize system standardization, so as to fully leverage on its four key values land, product, brand and assets.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere gratitude to our business partners, clients and shareholders. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank all of our staff members for their valuable contribution throughout the year. BCL will strive to maintain a high level of corporate governance and transparency and continue to develop its business based on its extensive market experience and professional expertise. By leveraging on its unrivalled strengths, clear development strategies, excellent management team and large land reserve, BCL expects to share the fruit of the Group s achievements with our shareholders in the future and witness together the robust development of the property market.

7th March 2008 