Chairman’s
StatementDear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Beijing Capital Land Ltd. (“BCL” or the “Company”; together with its
subsidiaries, the “Group”), I am pleased to present the Group’s annual results for the year ended 31 December 2016.
In 2016, the global economy, and in particular many developed economies, continued to experience muted growth, and
a trend of deglobalization began to emerge. Growth in the US fell short of expectations and the Federal Reserve raised
interest rates cautiously at the end of the year. In the Eurozone, growth also remained slow and uncertainties relating to
Brexit and reforms across the Eurozone mounted. In contrast, many emerging markets witnessed improved economic
growth, but signs of divergence among different countries remained evident. During the year, China’s economy
maintained stable growth as its GDP expanded at an annual rate of 6.7%. Efforts were made to effectively promote
supply-side structural reforms and appropriately deal with financial risks. These measures steadily enhanced the quality
of economic growth, signaling a good start for the 13th Five-year Plan period.
In the property market, property transaction volume in China hits new highs, though increasing signs of divergence
among cities emerged. During the first three quarters, driven by factors including a relative easing of monetary policy
and the launch of the new two-child policy, transaction volumes gradually picked up, housing prices in some popular
cities accelerated, and land prices climbed accordingly. During the fourth quarter, as the majority of popular cities
intensively rolled out tightening policies for the property market, transaction volumes declined due to the tighter market
environment. The property market in first-tier cities and popular second-tier cities recovered, with transaction volumes
and prices increasing as the demand among consumers to upgrade their living situation continued. Destocking
remained the key focus in most third- and fourth-tier cities and helped ease inventory pressure to some extent, which
helped to stabilize property prices.
2016 was the third year of BCL’s strategic five-year plan. During the year, the Group adopted “achieving quality growth”
as its core vision and stepped up its efforts to balance transaction volumes and transaction prices. The Group was able
to successfully increase both by taking advantage of favorable market conditions in popular cities. The Group recorded
total contracted sales of RMB45.51 billion, an increase of 40% year-over-year, setting a new record in terms of the
scale of contracted sales. The average selling price was RMB20,000 per square meter, an increase of 72.3% year-overyear.
Total contracted sales in Beijing, Tianjin and Shanghai increased 61.9% year-over-year to RMB33.79 billion,
accounting for 74.2% of the total. The strong performance overall demonstrates the effectiveness of the Group’s
strategy of focusing on central cities and resources.
In 2016, the Group continued to focus on its five core cities in China, and Australia for land investments, and mainly
concentrated on building projects for homeinterests who are looking to upgrade their living situation in core cities. The
Group made RMB18.1 billion of land investments, of which, Beijing, Tianjin and Shanghai accounted for 88.7%, or
RMB16.05 billion, which helped to further replenish BCL’s prime land bank in core cities. Meanwhile, supported by
Capital Group, the Company acquired two more primary land development projects, namely the second phase of the
Beijing Hujialou Project and the Pinggu Bai Ge Zhuang Project (including a shantytown renovation project), which lay a
solid foundation for the Company to add superior land bank in the future. During the year, the Company entered the
Brisbane market, the third most populous city in Australia, through a joint venture with Brisbane’s renowned property
developer, the Arden Property Group. The project was put on the market in 2016 and recorded total contracted sales of
approximately RMB1.14 billion.
During the year, the Group set out to “achieving quality growth” by effectively improving product quality and internal
management capabilities. The Group won wide recognition in the market for rolling out a product strategy called, “Build
with Heart”, which was instrumental in the successful construction of the high-end “Tian Yue” product line and in
pushing forward the establishment of standardized products. In an effort to become a fully customer-centric business,
the Group has built up its own property management brand, which now oversees an aggregated area of over 10 million
square meters and has helped to effectively improve overall customer satisfaction. The Group continued to exercise
tight cost control and accelerate the implementation of a centralized strategic procurement system, which contributed
to significant cost savings when purchasing materials. Currently, more than 75% of the Group’s projects are covered by
this system.
During the year, the Group’s Outlets business line entered a new stage of development. With five newly acquired outlets
projects as at January 2017, the Group’s outlets business line currently covers 13 cities and ranks No.1 nationwide in
terms of number of outlet projects, laying a solid foundation to become “The Top Integrated Outlets Operator in China”.
The Group’s four outlets that are already in operation generated annual turnover of RMB2.4 billion in 2016, an increase
of 17% year-over-year, and formed strategic partnerships with more than 100 brands. During the year, Capital Juda
announced that Sino-Ocean Group and KKR agreed to subscribe for Capital Juda’s ordinary shares and perpetual
convertible bond securities for a total consideration of approximately HKD1,477million. With rich industry experience
and extensive resource advantages, these two investors are expected to help further expand the Group’s outlets
business.
In 2016, the Group successfully submitted an A-share listing application to the CSRC. The Group also took advantage
of favorable opportunities driven by the abundance of liquidity to effectively lower its funding costs. In 2016, BCL
successfully issued private placement corporate bonds with an aggregate principal amount of RMB10 billion at an
average coupon rate of 4.04%. China Chengxin Securities Rating Company also raised BCL’s corporate credit rating to
AAA and affirmed a stable outlook, which supports the Group’s efforts to further reduce its financing costs.
Looking forward 2017, the Group will continue to adopt “achieving quality growth” as its core vision and will remain
deeply focused on securing high quality resources. Taking advantage of the country’s Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei integration,
the Group will leverage integrated and diversified channels to acquire land resources, and aggressively develop its
business in primary land development and shantytown renovation. The Group will focus on the execution of its “Made
by BCL 2020” strategy, which revolves around crafting the highest-quality projects, catering to customer demand, and
supporting the property management business. The Group will accelerate its outlets business development and
integrate its leading international business resources through joint ventures. BCL will also proactively push forward its
A-share IPO plan in order to improve the funding platform of the Group. The Group will also make efforts to control debt
levels, diversify financing channels, reduce funding costs, and optimize financial structure.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincerity to all of our shareholders, partners, and customers for your
long-term care, support, and help. BCL will remain committed to transformation and innovation, continue to enhance its
competitive advantages, and strive to become China’s most valuable integrated property developer.
Li Songping
Chairman
Hong Kong, 20 February 2017