On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of Beijing Capital Land Ltd. ( BCL or the Company ; together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I am pleased to present the Group s annual results for the year ended 31 December 2015.
In 2015, the global economy experienced muted growth. In the US, supported by long lasting quantitative easing monetary policies, the US economy gradually demonstrated an upward trend with increasing consumption and investment spending. The Federal Reserve also raised interest rates in December 2015. The Euro Zone and Japan experienced slow economic recovery, benefitting from quantitative easing policies. In Emerging markets, driven by factors including diminishing demand for commodities, decreasing commodity prices, and adjusting economic structure, economic growth slowed. In China, the economy entered into a New Normal , characterized by a slower economic expansion with 6.9% GDP growth. However, the overall economy remained stable thanks to an improved industry structure and increased contribution from 
During the year, in line with the macroeconomic trend, the property industry has experienced further market correction and divergence. On one hand, housing prices stopped surging, transaction volume of commodity housing tapered off at the beginning of the year under review, and then leveled after the second quarter driven by market demand. On the other hand, while first- and large second-tier cities recovered faster due to demand for upgrades, inventory remained high for third- and fourth-tier cities, demonstrating greater market divergence among various tiers of cities. On the policy side, the government announced the 330 New Policy and rolled out a number of favorable policies including reducing the down payment ratio for first-time home buyers, cutting the required reserve ratio, lowering interest rate, allowing cross-city applications for mortgages from Housing Provident Fund (HPF), and lowering purchase requirements to stimulate market demand and support market recovery.
2015 was the second year of BCL s strategic five-year plan. During the year, the Group continued to focus on five core cities and proactively acquired superior quality land resources. The Group made RMB22.4 billion of land investments, a year-over-year increase of 16%. Among these new land investments, Beijing and Shanghai accounted for 70%, including the Yongfeng Industrial Base project in Haidian District, Beijing, and the Pingliang project in Yangpu District, Shanghai. The Group also adopted a sales strategy to balance price and volume with a strong focus on high turnover products for first-time home buyers and successfully achieved a new sales milestone. The Group recorded total contracted sales of RMB32.5 billion, an increase of 31% year-over-year, and an average selling price of RMB12,000 per square meter, an increase of 17% year- 
In 2015, the Group further expanded its overseas investment scale and invested in three residential projects in Sydney, realizing a total investment of RMB1.2 billion, an increase of 111% year-over-year. The projects located in Sydney were all sold in the same month that they were launched, and contributed a total of approximately RMB5.1 billion contracted sales, an increase of 124% year-over-year and accounted for 16% of the Group s total contracted sales. The overseas segment has become an essential part of the Group s residential property business, and going forward, the Group will continue to deepen its roots in Australia and gradually expand into core cities in Europe and the U.S. as well.
During the year, the Group enhanced its operational capabilities throughout the whole value chain. The Group deepened its cooperation with strategic main contractors and significantly reduced its procurement costs; this process covered over 70% of its total procurements. The Group also completed the development of a CPA platform for product standardization, which has helped improve project and construction quality, resulting in a shortened 6 month turnover for new projects from acquiring land to project launch. The Group also cooperated with Vanke to establish a property management service company to introduce Vanke s Rui Service property management model, which significantly enhanced the Group s property management capabilities. Also, the project co-investment scheme has been applied to 17 more projects, covering all projects in core areas.
During the year, the Group s outlet business achieved significant breakthroughs and laid a solid foundation to become a nation-wide outlets operator. The Group invested in four new outlet projects in 2015 in Nanchang, Hangzhou, Wuhan, and Changsha respectively, obtaining leading advantages in scale. The Kunshan Outlets Project officially launched in the second half of 2015, and therefore the Group had four outlets projects generating annual revenue of more than RMB2 billion, an increase of nearly 50% year-over- year, and customer volume of over 15.5 million, an increase of 91% year-over-year.
During the year, the Company captured opportunities in the capital market and achieved significant breakthroughs in equity financing, optimizing its capital structure. The Company issued 1 billion domestic shares to its controlling shareholder, Beijing Capital Group and raised approximately RMB3.08 billion, its first breakthrough in equity financing in nearly 10 years. After completion of the domestic shares subscription, Beijing Capital Group further consolidated its position as the Company s controlling shareholder and will provide more resources and credit support in the future. During the year, the Group also proactively pursued opportunities in the bond market and successfully issued domestic public offering bonds, domestic private placement bonds, and offshore RMB denominated dim sum bonds and raised a total of RMB9.3 billion, breaking multiple market records in coupon rates and significantly reducing financing costs.
Looking into 2016, the Group will adopt quality growth as its core vision. Leveraging on the Beijing-Tianjin- Hebei integration and business synergies with Beijing Capital Group, the Group will enhance its ability to acquire key resources in core cities. The Group will further enhance its operational capabilities through strengthening the synergies among centered procurement, standardization, property management and community services to provide superior products and services with affordable prices and enhance the value chain of living accommodations. The Group will look to make steady progress in the development of its industrial property business and property business with a focus on consumers, namely its outlets business and international education, to form solid operational models and new long-term growth drivers. The Group will further realize breakthroughs in core equity financing, strengthen joint venture, optimize capital debt structure and accelerate the Company s transformation and upgrade through mergers and acquisitions to integrate itself into the era of a service-based economy and property related consumer industries.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere gratitude toward all of our shareholders, partners, and customers for your long-term care, support, and help. BCL will remain committed to company transformation and innovation, continue to enhance its own competitive advantages, and strive to become China s most valuable integrated property developer.

Beijing, the PRC, 18 March 2016 