Chairman s Statement 2008 is a year of 
to the property market of 
Lui Xiaoguang, Chairman 
On behalf of the Board of Directors ( the Board ) of Beijing Capital Land Ltd. ( BCL or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I am pleased to present the Group s annual results for the year ended 31st December 2008.
2008 is a year of tremendous challenges to the property market of China. In the first half of the year, the property market entered the stage of consolidation with the implementation of a series of austerity measures; in the second half of the year, the sub-prime woe in the U.S. triggered a global financial crisis which resulted in the Euro-American economies on the verge of recession. The economic growth in China also posted a slowdown in subsequent quarters with the negative impact of export curtailment, sluggish domestic consumption and investment setback. Under unfavourable policies and economic doldrums, the China property market experienced a decrease in transaction volume and stagnation in price during the first half of the year. The situation in the second half worsened, with a drop in both transaction volume and selling price. In particular, transaction volume and selling price in major first and second-tier cities reduced by 30% to 50% and 20% to 40% when compared with that in the peak of 
For the year under review, property transaction volume in Beijing significantly reduced and ranked the first among first- tier cities nationwide. Chengdu s market was hit by the Sichuan earthquake on 12th May 2008, which resulted in sluggish sales of commodity housing. As Beijing and Chengdu are two of the Group s major strategic development regions, contracted sales area and contracted sales revenue recorded year-on- year decreases. Despite the negative impact brought forth by weak market sentiment, tightening of credit policy and earthquake disaster, the Group maintained a smooth progress in project construction and approximate construction floor area ( CFA ) amounted to 988,422 sq. m, with key projects such as The Reflections, Urban Town, Beijing A-Z Town, Chengdu A- Z Town, Tianjin Butchart Garden and Wuxi Gentle House completed and delivered in a progressive manner.
For the year under review, the Group s revenue and profit attributable to shareholders amounted to RMB5,167,098,000 and RMB382,890,000, representing year-on-year growth of 6% and drop of 27% respectively.
Contracted sales area totaled to 340,000 sq. m, a decrease of 53.1% from that of the previous year. Contracted sales revenue reached approximately RMB3,740,000,000, posting a drop of 53.2% year-on-year. The Board has recommended a final dividend of RMB0.08 per share for the year ended 31st December 2008.
The overall market was at a low ebb and led to a slowdown in the sales volume. However, the selling price of the Group s key projects in Beijing, including The Reflections, Urban Town and Beijing A-Z Towns remained relatively stable. The Group also proactively introduced various measures, adjusted sales strategy and enhanced customer service standard, so as to establish reputable market image and extensive client recognition, and to be well prepared for the next round of sales in peak season.
During the second half of 2008, the Group launched another product line of Internationalized High-end Community series First City in Chengdu and Shenyang and planned to introduce this product line to Tianjin and Xian in 2009, which enables the Group to realize its competitive edges in brand and products.
Riding on the opportunities brought forth by the Beijing Olympics, the Group s hotel operations posted encouraging growth during the year. Total revenue of Inter-Continental Financial Street Beijing and Holiday Inn Central Plaza Beijing amounted to approximately RMB295,560,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 19%. Average occupancy rate for both hotels was about 67%. The well-developed hotel business continuously generates stable cash flow to the Group.
In view of the declining macro-economic environment, the Central Government reiterated the importance of property industry as a pillar industry of the Chinese economy. In the fourth quarter of the year, the Central Government promulgated a range of policies and measures in order to boost residential property consumption and to stabilize the development of the property market, generating moderate results. Urbanization and the growth of per capita income will remain as the momentum for the long term development of the property market. It is expected that the Central and local governments will implement more policies that are favourable to the healthy development of the market.
As one of the leading large-scale integrated developers, BCL has accumulated extensive operation experience over the past years, via the collaboration with internationally renowned professional organizations in areas such as residential, commercial, office and hotel. This not only enables the Group to effectively alleviate the risk of a single operation, but also further develop its competitive edge in integrated operation to cater to customer s diversified demand, to consolidate and to expand its market share.
In 2009, the Group will adopt the operation principle of reducing inventory, strengthening cash position, regulating expenses and determining development based on sales . BCL will timely adjust its sales strategy in accordance with market changes, impose stringent control on construction cost, speed up capital turnover and reduce its debt-to-equity ratio. Meanwhile, the Group will increase operation efficiency while capturing arising opportunities to enhance capital flows and strengthen its financial position. The Group will also improve its management efficiency and optimize its operation model.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our heartfelt gratitude to our clients, business partners and shareholders, for their confidence in and support for the Group. In addition, I would also like to take this opportunity to thank our staff members for their exertions and contribution throughout the year. BCL endeavours to unite with all our staff to overcome the challenges ahead. Leveraging on its strong business foundation, unique competitive edges and a precise strategy for development, BCL is committed to propelling the growth of property market and becoming the most valuable integrated property operator in China.

2nd March 2009 