Chairman’s Statement
INTRODUCTION
In 2009, due to the impact of the global financial crisis, major economies in the world remained at low ebb; global
consumption has been shrinking and economic environment continued to be difficult. However, benefited from the
implementation of a wide array of measures and policies that aim at promoting domestic consumption and expediting
economic growth, the PRC economy posted moderate growth. These initiatives had shown initial effectiveness, with
major economic indicators rebounded and the overall economy performed better than expected.
The Group actively adopted flexible measures in response to the complicated and ever-changing operating environment.
The Group’s operational results continued to maintain stable and rapid growth. We are pleased to report that in 2009,
gross sales proceeds of the Group recorded RMB8.19 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 31.1%. Same store
sales growth continued to maintain its leading position in the industry with an increase of 17.5%.
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
According to the economic statistics of 2009 published by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the gross domestic
product (“GDP”) for the year recorded RMB33.5 trillion, a year-on-year increase of 8.7%, which was 0.3 percentage
points lower than that of the previous year. Total retail sales of consumer goods for the year recorded RMB12.5 trillion, a
year-on-year increase of 15.5%. After excluding the effects of inflation, actual growth of the total retail sales of consumer
goods for the year 2009 was 16.9%, representing an increment of 2.1 percentage points as compared to that of previous
year. With the implementation of a series of consumption-stimulating policies, including “home appliances going to the
countryside”, ultimate consumption pushed the GDP up by 4.6 percentage points, representing a contribution of 52.5%,
higher than the level in 2008. The PRC economy in 2009 was mainly driven by domestic consumption. The increase in
domestic investment and consumption, to a large extend, offset the negative effect of declined net exports on GDP.
The GDP of Jiangsu Province, a market in which the Group enjoys competitive advantages, recorded RMB3.4 trillion for
the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.4%. Total retail sales of consumer goods of the province for the
year recorded RMB1.1 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.9%. The disposable income per capita of
urban residents of the province for the year recorded RMB20,552, a year-on-year increase of 10.0%. After excluding the
effects of inflation, the actual growth was 10.5%. With increasing urbanization and urban modernization, the urbanization
rate reached 55.6% at the end of 2009, representing a year-on-year growth of 1.3 percentage points. With further
regional development in the central and northern parts of Jiangsu Province, the two areas contributed 42.3% of the
economic growth of the entire province, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.9 percentage points. The economic
development of Jiangsu Province surpassed the national average, with its size of economy ranked second in the country.
OUTLOOK
The economic turbulence resulted from the financial crisis and its impact on the economy will mitigate increasingly in
2010. The PRC economy will continue to maintain robust development. On the Central Economic Working Conference
held at the end of 2009, the PRC government decided to set promoting domestic consumption as the government’s
priority in 2010. Through structural adjustment, improvement in people’s livelihood, strengthening of income allocation
reform and expediting urbanization, the PRC government targets to effectively boost domestic consumption and further
enhance the driving force of consumption in GDP growth. It is expected that the PRC government will launch more
policies in 2010, so as to achieve the goal of expanding domestic demand. The benefits of the policies will no doubt be
the growth momentum of the department store sector.
In 2010, the Group will continue to expand its store network steadily, and will secure properties by means of selfdevelopment,
long-term lease or merger and acquisition. The Group will open new stores in the provinces adjacent to
Jiangsu Province, and will further strengthen its network in Xi’an, Kunming and adjacent provinces and cities. The Group
will continue to closely monitor the growth of its existing stores, enhancing the attractiveness of its chain stores to target
customers through effective brand optimization and creative promotional campaigns. In addition, the Group will
implement effective cost control to improve its profitability.
I would like to express my appreciation for the hard work of the Board, the management and the entire staff members
of the Company. I would also like to express my sincere gratitude to Shareholders, business partners, relevant government
departments and our loyal customers for their continuous support. In 2010, the management and our staff will continue
to collaborate with each other to cater upcoming challenges and ride on arising opportunities, so as to optimize
corporate value and create lucrative returns to Shareholders.
Golden Eagle Retail Group Limited
Wang Hung, Roger
Chairman
7 April 2010