Chairman s Statement 
The Group has made significant progress in 2007. With the hard work of the management and staff of the Company and the support of our business partners, the Group continued to record rapid but steady growth in results of 2007.
Kunming Store and Nanjing Zhujiang Store have successfully commenced business and the quality of internal management and customer services has been enhanced. We hereby report that the gross sales proceeds ( GSP ) of the Group for the year amounted to about RMB4,858.11 million, representing an increase of about 35.8%. The same store sales growth maintained its leading position in the industry with an increase of about 25.8%. Net profit attributable to our shareholders increased by about 66.3%.

According to the annual economic figures published by China Statistical Bureau, the PRC economy continued to grow at a stable but fast pace during the year 2007 with its gross domestic product ( GDP ) increased of about 11.4% as compared to the last year. In 2007, the total retail sales of consumer goods and the per capita disposable income of urban residents in the PRC increased by about 16.8% and about 12.2% respectively as compared to the last year.
In 2007, for the Jiangsu Province, the major market where the Group operates, its GDP increased of about 14.8% as compared to the last year. The total retail sales of consumer goods rose by about 18.3% and the per capita disposable income of urban residents increased by about 12.2% as compared to last year. The economic growth in Jiangsu Province outperformed the average national level and ranked no. 3 of the highest GDP province in the PRC.
In 2007, the second year of the 11th Five-Year Plan, the PRC government implemented various policies to maintain the healthy growth momentum of the economy, expand domestic demand, adjust the correlation between investment and consumption and increase the contribution of consumption to economic growth. Among the 11.4% growth in GDP in 2007, about 4.4% were contributed by consumption. It is expected that consumption would be the major vehicle to the economic growth in the PRC in the near future.

The Directors believe that, in 2008, as China is going to host the Olympic Games, the economy of China will continue to achieve distinguished results and consumption will be boosted. Promoting internal demand will be one of the principal tasks among the PRC government s efforts on the economy. The rise of the middle-class and the increase in consumption power will give an impetus to the continuous growth of the department store sector.
In the new year, the Group will continue to expand our network and endeavour for a breakthrough in development mode based on the existing mode. We will expand in target cities through mergers and acquisitions of players in the industry, building and leasing properties and participation in the management of associate companies. We will also build up strategic cooperation relationship with renowned property intermediaries and real estate developers and expand our business coverage in order to achieve our strategic goal of a nationwide expansion.
The Group will continue to strive for innovative operation and operation improvement. We will also encourage our staff to attain continued education and promote knowledge management and sharing. In order to maintain sustainable corporate development, we foster a good corporate spirit and enhance the coherence and adherence among our staff by placing emphasis on team spirit and devotion on services.
I would like to extend my gratitude to our shareholders, brand suppliers, business partners, the competent authorities of the government and loyal customers for their support and help during the year under review. I would also like to express my appreciation to the management and our staff, who together have contributed to the sustainable development for the Group with their wisdom and dedication over the year. The Directors believe that, with the full contribution by the management and our entire staff, the Group will be able to capture the opportunities in the future face any challenges. We will also be able to maximise our corporate value and create greater return for our shareholders.
Golden Eagle Retail Group Limited Wang Hung, Roger 
1 April 2008 