Chairman s Statement 
In 2013, global economic recovery, which was stimulated with expansionary monetary policies by governments around the world, was still fragile and slow. The United States economy showed signs of moderate economic recovery and its Federal Reserve System decided to gradually withdraw the quantitative easing policy. The Euro- zone s economy also rebounded with a slow recovery, driven by consumer spending. Meanwhile, the Japanese economy showed signs of a short-term recovery as a result of its government s economic stimulation policy.
However, the country s long-term economic prospects remained unclear. Overall, the global economy continued to grow slowly, and the economic recovery of such developed countries as the United States and Japan were expected to give new impetus to it. China was influenced by the global economy and its macroeconomic control measures, but managed to maintain steady economic growth despite slowing demand in retail market.
Faced with the volatile and complicated economic conditions, the Chinese government continued to implement active fiscal policy and prudent monetary policy in 2013 in order to maintain economic stability. The new administration of the Chinese government advocated the revolutionary Anti-extravagance Rules, suppressing excessive public spending on officials overseas business trips, vehicles for transportation and entertainment allowance. Overall, investments remained the driving force behind economic growth. The Chinese economy is currently in the transition of structural adjustments, which may restrict the economic recovery with its various related reform policies in the short term, but will benefit the country s long-term economic development.
China s gross domestic product ( GDP ) growth rate climbed 7.7% in 2013 to RMB56.9 trillion. The growth was the slowest since 1999, but was still faster than other major economies. The country s total retail sales of consumer goods grew by 13.1% to RMB23.4 trillion in 2013. Yet, the pace of growth was 1.2 percentage points slower than that recorded in 2012. Urban disposable income per capita increased 9.7% to RMB26,955. Excluding the price factor, the country s GDP grew by 7.0% in real terms. Consumer price index was up by 2.6% over the same period.
Jiangsu Province, where the Group has already established a leading market position, achieved GDP growth by 9.6% in 2013 to RMB5.9 trillion. Total retail sales of consumer goods in the province grew by 13.4% to RMB2.1 trillion, while urban disposable income per capita increased by 9.6% to RMB32,538 over the same period. These economic indicators confirmed the Group s strong belief in pursuing further development in the Jiangsu Province.
BUSINESS OPERATION AND MANAGEMENT Affected by the decelerating global economic growth, China s mid-to-high-end retailers saw their business slowdown in 2013. Meanwhile, the emerging e-commerce has been reshaping the consumption habit of Chinese consumers, affecting the operations of traditional department stores. However, with the joint efforts of our staff, the Group still managed to record steady improvement in its results. During 2013, the gross sales proceeds ( GSP ) of the Group increased by 3.1% to RMB16.83 billion. Net profit grew by 1.4% to RMB1.23 billion. Same store sales growth ( SSSG ) remained at a stable level of 2.9%.
In order to capture the latest trends of diversified developments in the retailing industry and to satisfy the diversified consumption demands of our customers, the Group has been proactively developing a comprehensive lifestyle- one-stop shopping concept.
Firstly, in terms of our new retail mix, the Group tried to further enrich the shopping experience and increase customer s loyalty and satisfaction by continuing to introduce more functions and amenities, such as food and beverage, leisure and entertainment, into majority of the chain stores. This strategy helped to increase the store s foot traffic and lengthen the customers stay in time. These measures will lead to enhanced operating results. During the opening of the renovated Changzhou Jiahong Lifestyle Store in early 2014, Golden Eagle joined hands with world renowned Korean aquarium operator COEX to introduce the concept of aquarium in a department store for the first time in China. Together with cultural amenities like a 3D art gallery and robot exhibition, as well as premium supermarket and gourmet food and beverages facilities, the Group s Jiahong store brought customers a brand new consumer experience that would build momentum in sales growth. After years of operation, the Group s flagship lifestyle center, Yancheng Store, has effectively utilised the inherent advantages of comprehensive service functions of lifestyle multiple retail formats and the unified sophisticated department store management concept. Since its opening five years ago, Yancheng Store has fast become the city s leading retail store, generating annual sales over RMB1.2 billion. Yet in 2013, the store still managed to achieve a SSSG of 18.8%.
Secondly, in terms of merchandise and brand mix, the Group understood the key role that unique merchandise and distinctive brands played in the development of lifestyle-one-stop shopping centers, and actively seeks potential business partners in food and beverage, leisure, entertainment, fashion or other similar industries, with an objective of building exclusive long-term partnerships. These partnerships formed one of the Group s long-term competitive advantages over its peers and helped to maintain the Group s leading position in the industry. During the year, the Group formed exclusive joint ventures with Mr. Pizza, South Korea s favourite Pizza brand, and iROO, Taiwan s most popular fast-high-fashion brand, to facilitate them to develop their businesses in China as well as gradually introducing these two brands into the Group s chain stores.
Furthermore, in order to satisfy local consumers demands for merchandise upgrade, the Group continued to take initiatives in introducing internationally renowned brands, particularly renowned international cosmetic brands, to major chain stores in the second- and third-tier cities. This strategy aimed to enhance the Group s brand image and expand its market share locally. For example, Taizhou Store and Huai an Store introduced ESTEE LAUDER, Xuzhou Store introduced DIOR and BOBBI BROWN, while Yancheng Store introduced CHANEL 
Lastly, the Group also actively organised unique and innovative HOTSPOT promotion events (qq;mR).
These marketing events not only directly promoted the Group s comprehensive lifestyle-one-stop shopping concept, but also enriched VIP customers shopping experience, effectively increased the stores foot traffic, and boosted sales of the chain stores. For example, the Group s Ice Age - Super Penguins Summer Roadshow ( 0Q]} 0 Super Penguins fg]U;mR) attracted the attention and participation of a vast number of VIP customers from 11 chain stores in 9 cities.
In order to further enhance the Group s overall performance, the Group also actively implemented the O2O (Online to Offline) business model that is suitable to the Group s business development plans. On one hand, the Group fully utilised all marketing channels such as the Group s mobile phone application goodee mobile App (c 
WeChat social network platform, the online award points redemption platform and the integrated major customer database to provide timely, direct and effective marketing information to our customers, in order to enhance customers shopping experience, achieve internet and goodee mobile App redemption of VIP award points and allow customers to enjoy various value-added VIP services more conveniently, thus stimulate buying sentiments and generate further sales. As at the end of 2013, the goodee mobile App application registered over 1 million downloads, had over 300,000 VIP members bundled their VIP cards with the goodee mobile App application and had over 450,000 WeChat followers. On the other hand, the Group has been actively developing electronicalised business model (FURP[S). By implementing a series of internet-related initiatives such as installing free full WIFI coverage at all our chain stores, the use of wireless POS cash register system, the launch of the Electric VIP Card and the use of a network of internet linked store digital display screens, the Group has developed an economical and effective marketing channel. More importantly, the Group used the information generated from its all-channel marketing and electronicalised business model to conduct in-depth and thorough analysis of each of its individual VIP customers. The analysis provided meaningful data for the Group to carry out precise one-on-one marketing services so as to enhance the Group s overall performance.
The Group actively promoted its cross-industry VIP loyalty services to provide more innovative and value-added quality services for all of its VIP customers. During the year, the existing VIP customer loyalty system was upgraded to the brand new G. Club Loyalty Programme, which provided more enhanced and premium services, including the new offering of hotel and food and beverage cross-industry VIP services to VIP customers. Besides, a new point award card (MzaS) was introduced to provide a loyalty programme with no minimum spending requirement for non-VIP customers. This programme offered more potential VIP customers the Group s quality services. By enhancing customer shopping experiences and building brand loyalty, it stimulated consumption desires and thus transforming these customers into VIP customers. Meanwhile, during the second half of the year, the Group also launched the Online Award Points Redemption Mall (} NMzRLQcFUW), offering its VIP customers special and practical gifts through convenient and quick redemption of accumulated award points. As at the end of 2013, the Group had approximately 1,270,000 VIP members, who accounted for approximately 56.2% of the Group s total 
CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT AND OPENING OF NEW STORES In May 2013, the Group became the only China department store operator which have been awarded investment grade credit ratings from all of the world s three leading credit rating agencies. With enhanced creditworthiness, the Group successfully completed the issuance of USD400.0 million worth of 10-Year senior notes at an interest rate of 4.625%, which provided a low-cost and stable financial support for the Group s future long-term development.
After having its gross floor area ( GFA ) expanded to approximately 46,800 square meters, Changzhou Jiahong Lifestyle Centre and its new commercial annex commenced operation on 24 January 2014. By introducing an interactive new aquarium concept, a premium supermarket and leisure dining facilities to its retail space, Changzhou Jiahong Store brought customers with a brand new shopping experience, creating new momentum for its performance growth. The expansion of the store improved the synergies among Changzhou Wujin Store and Changzhou Liyang Store, which laid a solid foundation for the Group to establish a leading position in the 
Even more exciting is the opening of the Block B commercial annex of the Group s flagship Nanjing Xinjiekou Store scheduled to be opened in April 2014. The building is integrated seamlessly into the existing Xinjiekou Store in Block A with a space corridor, adding approximately 81,000 square meters of GFA to the property. Block B commercial annex not only increases the overall floor area of the Xinjiekou Store but will also establish itself as an international landmark commercial complex that houses rich merchandise mix and full range of functional services which include international designer brands, leisure gourmet dining, early childhood education and an international class cinema. The building is expected to significantly boost the sales performance of the Xinjiekou Store, reinforcing the Group s leading position in the Xinjiekou area in Nanjing.
Based on the sites secured by the Group for its new store expansion, it is anticipated that these stores will increase the GFA of the Group s chain stores by over 1.4 million square meters in the next three years. This will further increase the proportion of the Group s department stores operating at self-owned properties. Besides, the Group will adopt flexible approaches, such as entrusted management, to optimise the ways of securing new store location based on the unique characteristics of each location so as to effectively reduce the preliminary operating risks of new stores.
Furthermore, the Group will continue to focus on high-quality premises that are suitable for the comprehensive lifestyle-one-stop shopping concept, that the Group can operate steadily in a long term cost-effective manner with considerable scale and enriched service model. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to actively seek opportunities of investment, co-operation, merger and acquisition that can fulfill the Group s development and investment strategies and objectives, hence laying a solid foundation for the Group s business expansion.

Since the beginning of 2014, the global economy has remained unbalanced and has shown a weak recovery.
Major developed economies are showing signs of steady growth, but various emerging markets were slowing down due to the constraints of their own economic structures and the strengthening of US dollar. On the other hand, the Chinese government continued to put emphasis on the three main economic missions, namely achieving steady growth, restructuring, and pressing ahead with the reform . It also strives to achieve growth and quality improvement with steady progress . On one hand, the Chinese government will press ahead organisational reform to transform government functions, further liberalise the market and strengthen urban infrastructure. It will also seek to reap the dividends from reforms by allowing the market a larger and more significant role in order to effectively drive economic growth and stimulate domestic demand. It is anticipated that the economy will still achieve the objective of steady growth in 2014. On the other hand, the Chinese government will continue to restructure the economy as well as structural optimisation to foster new growth drivers in consumer demand so as to enhance the role of consumption in economic growth. It is believed that the Chinese government will roll out a series of measures such as increasing citizen s income, improving social security system and promoting domestic consumption, which will significantly stimulate the development of the retailing industry. In the long run, the country s accelerating urbanisation and fast expanding middle-class will benefit the long-term development of the Group in those second- and third-tier cities.
The management remains cautiously optimistic about China s economic development and growth in domestic consumption in the future. In 2014, the Group will implement more proactive and effective measures to concentrate its efforts on shortening the ramp-up and nurturing period of new stores, explore ways to enhance the sales performance of established stores in order to consolidate and reinforce the Group s leading position in the industry. These measures will primarily be reflected in the continuous optimisation of O2O (Online to Offline) business model and the implementation of omni-channel marketing and electronicalised business model which will enable the Group to fully utilise the mobile and internet network for precise marketing and to accelerate growth; further optimisation of chain store brand and merchandise mix; full efforts in upgrading and transforming into comprehensive lifestyle format that cater different needs of consumer societies; the strengthening of the Group s proprietary brand to lay a solid foundation for the Group s e-commerce development; the endeavour to nurture core senior management personnel to prepare for future business expansion and the enhancement of the overall customer satisfaction and loyalty through the provision of quality and unique merchandise mix, lifestyle shopping experience with multi-functions and amenities, innovative and interactive sales promotion activities as well as a variety of interesting gifts in relation to VIP membership award points programme.
Meanwhile, the Group will also continue to maintain an established and steady pace of new chain stores development. We will remain persistent that each new store shall be managed by a pragmatic and efficient management team with strong brand resources, which will further shorten the ramp-up period of new stores. In the next three years, the Group will continue to expand and solidify its market presence in Jiangsu, Anhui, Shaanxi and Yunnan Provinces through various means such as self-owned properties, long-term leased premises or via mergers and acquisitions to further reinforce our leading position in the industry, and will proactively identify co-operation and collaboration opportunities with leading enterprises in related industries. The Group will also continue to explore market opportunities in those provincial capital cities with strong economic growth potential, so as to further expand the coverage of our chain store network.
The management believes that, by leveraging on its strong brand equity, prominent execution capability, sound financial position and loyal VIP customer base, the Group will be able to bring better returns to its shareholders.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere appreciation for the devoted hard work of the management and all our staff members, as well as the support from our shareholders, business partners and loyal customers. In the coming year, the Group s management and all staff members will continue to collaborate with each other, and will be prepared to capture new opportunities and tackle challenges, striving to achieve greater success for the Group.
Wang Hung, Roger 
17 March 2014 