CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of Ronshine China Holdings Limited (the Company or Ronshine ), I am pleased to present the first annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2015.
MARKET AND BUSINESS REVIEW During 2015, in order to cope with complex global economic environment and the increased economic downward pressure in China, the Chinese Government continued to regulate the macroeconomic conditions and introduced structural reforms, which resulted in a steady growth on national economy. In order to boost up the property market in China, the Chinese Government gradually relaxed certain property control measures based on macroeconomic performances, including the long-implemented property purchase quota, restrictions on down payment proportion for first-time and second-time buyers, and lowering the relevant tax rates. At present, except in several first-tier cities, property purchase quotas have been lifted in most domestic cities in China. Also, many local banks continued to lower their housing loan interest rates, and many local governments have introduced a series of housing subsidy polices to further stimulate purchasing demands for property.
Owing to continuous relaxations in property control measures, the property market in China significantly recovered in the second half of 2015, and both the areas and revenues for properties sold increased steadily during the year under review. The Real Estate Climate Index (also known as Real Estate Development Climate Index ), which reflects real estate market climate, turned positive in June 2015, continued to increase in July and August 2015, and has remained steady since September 2015. However, recovery in the Chinese property market varies greatly between different regions, and the imbalance of development between different cities deepened. In first-tier and second-tier cities, rapid economic development and steady income growth uphold a strong demand on properly market. While in some third-tier and fourth-tier cities, the outflow of population and resources resulted in a decrease in property demand. Excessive housing inventory has become a problem for third-tier and fourth-tier cities.
Based on the Group s achievements and experiences obtained in the Western Taiwan Straits Economic Zone, Ronshine began to explore the national market and entered into the property markets in two important economic hubs, Shanghai and Hangzhou in the Yangtze River Delta, in 2013. Currently, Ronshine has successfully established its foothold in Shanghai, Hangzhou, Fuzhou, Xiamen, Zhangzhou and other places. In 2015, by virtue of the tireless efforts of the Group, the sales revenue of Ronshine amounted to approximately RMB7,415 million, ranking the 29th among all Chinese real estate enterprises in terms of sales performance in 2015 according to the CRIC Research Center an authoritative research institution in Chinese real estate industry. The contracted sales of the Group amounted to approximately RMB11,917 million with year-on-year increase of about 33.15%. The revenue of the Group increased significantly by approximately 80.88% from approximately RMB4,099 million in the year ended 31 December 2014 to approximately RMB7,415 million in the year ended 31 December 2015. The profit attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately RMB1,433 million with a year-on-year increase of about 182.88%. The earnings per share (without taking into consideration of the shares issued during the initial public offering of the Company) for profit attributable to owners of the Company reached RMB1.42 with a year-on-year increase of 184%. Further, the gearing ratio of the Group decreased significantly from 15.41 times as at 31 December 2014 to 2.47 times as at 31 December 2015. All these figures demonstrated that the Group has a strong and sound financial position, which is conductive to steady business development in the future.
Based on the excellent track records of the Group, the shares of the Company were successfully listed (the Listing ) on the Main Board at The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) on 13 January 2016 (the Listing Date ), and the Group raised net proceeds of approximately HK$1,780 million. This marks an important move of the Group into the international capital market, and injects greater momentum and confidence into the long-term development of Ronshine in the future.

For many years, Ronshine has been focusing on core regions in the first-tier and second-tier cities in China, and dedicated to building benchmark products that meet the needs on local markets. Adhering to the Group s strategy Based in Fujian, Nationwide Presence , the Group has made strenuous efforts to secure its leading position in Fujian Province while actively exploring domestic core city clusters represented by Yangtze River Delta . In February 2016, Ronshine moved its headquarters to Shanghai to deepen its nationwide presence. As a financial center in China and a window for China s opening-up, Shanghai has good investment environment and a broad market, which lay a solid foundation for the future expansion of Ronshine brand.
As at 31 December 2015, Ronshine has abundant high-quality land reserves, the total floor area of which amounted to approximately 5.17 million square meters. Most of the land reserves of the Group are located in the first-tier and second-tier cities in China with high growth potential such as Shanghai, Fuzhou and Xiamen.
The Group believes that, the high-quality land reserves in prime locations enables the Group to plan attractive property development projects to propel the Group s continued business development. The Group believes the development potential of its land reserves will not be easily influenced by the market fluctuations in China.
In the future, relying on the Group s prestigious brand and extensive experience within the industry, Ronshine will continue to develop high-quality properties in the Western Taiwan Straits Economic Zone where the Group has established a stronghold and those selected first-tier and second-tier cities. Furthermore, Ronshine also plans to expand its business in existing markets and strategically march toward other first-tier and second- tier cities. As part of its expansion strategy, Ronshine will continue to identify and acquire more suitable land in Shanghai and Hangzhou where the Group has established strongholds so as to continue the expansion of the Group s brand recognition in those cities and further enhance economies of scale, and will prudently enter other first-tier and second-tier cities with net inflow of population where real estate supply and demand is in 
By leveraging the Group s rich experience and excellent track records of property development in the Western Taiwan Straits Economic Zone, and the Group s strategic development and deployment in Shanghai, Hangzhou and other places, Ronshine is confident in grasping the good development opportunities under the support of the rigid demand of the people who purchase houses for improving housing conditions in China s real estate market, so as to promote long-term and stable business development of the Group.
Upon its Listing and to continue implementing its business expansion in the first-tier cities, Ronshine, through its subsidiaries, successfully acquired two parcels of lands situated in Hangzhou and one parcel of land situated in Shanghai. The total floor area of these three parcels of land amounted to approximately 328,500 square meters. Since the locations of these three parcels of land are considered by the Group as prime areas, Ronshine believes these parcels of land provide broad space for the Group s growth in the property market in Hangzhou and Shanghai.
While implementing long-term development strategy, the Group is also committed to continue to the implement of its prudent financial policy and take an active approach for capital structure management.
Following its successful Listing on 13 January 2016, the Company actively develops various financing channels so as to optimise its financial structure. The Group takes a cautious and sensitive approach to the capital market to seize the best financing opportunities with a view to reduce the Group s financing costs and improve its profitability. In September 2015 and November 2015, the Group applied to the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange for issuing corporate bonds in the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange with a total principal amount up to RMB11 billion. As at the date of this annual report, the Group has successfully issued RMB6.5 billion of corporate bonds on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. The Group believes the issue of corporate bonds can improve its operating cash flow by expanding and diversifying its financing channels, and intends to use part of the proceeds raised in these corporate bonds to replace the high-cost trust loans so as to optimise the Group s gearing ratio, support the Group s business development in good momentum, and improve the Group s asset turnover efficiency.
In the future, the Group will commit itself to product diversifications and continue to focus on residential property development. Moreover, the Group will continue to acquire high-quality land to expand its land reserve, thereby supporting long-term and stable business development of the Group.

On behalf of the Board, I hereby express my sincere gratitude to the shareholders and partners of the Group for their trust and long-time supports. In addition, my thanks go to the Board, the Group s management team and all employees for their great efforts and contribution in the past years. In 2016, the Group will continue to work hard, achieve better results, and bring higher returns to shareholders.
By Order of the Board 
Hong Kong, 23 March 2016 