Chairman’s StatementDear Shareholders,
On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors
(the “Directors”) of Ronshine China Holdings
Limited (the “Company” together with its
subsidiaries, the “Group”) , I am pleased to present
to you the annual results of the Group for the year
ended 31 December 2016.
MARKET REVIEW
During the past year, the Chinese government
continuously tightened property control measures,
including a shift from credit easing policies and
preferential tax treatment at the beginning of the
year to restrictions on property purchases and
mortgage loans in the first-tier cities towards the
end of the year. Various parts of China adopted
increasingly stringent financial and market
regulations on the property industry. With a view
to “cutting excess inventory”, local governments
implemented a strategy of “formulating policies
according to cities” to cut property inventories and
continued to address the imbalance between the
“high housing price in the first-tier and secondtier
cities” and “high inventories in the third-tier and
fourth-tier cities”, thus promoting stable and healthy
development of the property market. According
to the 100 city price index of the China Real
Estate Index System, although the housing prices
of popular cities in 2016 increased significantly,
the growth of the property market tended to be
stable following the tightened regulations in the
fourth quarter. According to the National Bureau of
Statistics, the real estate climate index remained at
94 during the year, a relatively moderate level.
In 2016, the Western Taiwan Straits Economic
Zone and the Yangtze River Delta Economic
Region, the two regional markets that Ronshine
focused on, recorded rapid economic growth.
In particular, the Yangtze River Delta, the most
economically dynamic region in China, achieved
a faster economic growth than the average level
in China, and the GDP of Fujian province entered
the top 10 in national ranking for the first time.
In respect of cutting inventory, the sales cycle of
commercial property in Fujian province shortened
by nine months as compared with the beginning
of last year, demonstrating that initial success was
achieved in structural reform on the supply side.
During the year, Ronshine won the bid for several
quality land parcels located in the prime areas
of Shanghai and Hangzhou. Its precise market
blueprint laid a solid foundation for the business
expansion and performance growth of Ronshine.
BUSINESS REVIEW
The year of 2016 was the first year for Ronshine to
enter the international capital market. With years
of sound development, the shares of Ronshine
were successfully listed on the Main Board of
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
“Stock Exchange”) on 13 January 2016 (the
“Listing Date”), making Ronshine the first property
company in mainland China listed in Hong Kong
in 2016. During the first year after its successful
listing, Ronshine was widely recognised by the
property industry and the capital market for its
sound performance and promising development
prospects. In July 2016, the credit rating of Rongxin
(Fujian) Investment Group Co., Ltd. (“Rongxin
Group”), the principal operating entity of the Group
established in China, was adjusted to “AA+” by
United Credit Rating Co., Ltd. (聯合信用評級有限
公司). The Company was chosen by the “MSCI
Global Small Cap Indexes — China” and the “Hong 
Kong Hang Seng Composite SmallCap Index”, two
top indexes in the international and Hong Kong
markets, as one of their constituents. The Company
was also included in the eligible list after the
launch of “Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect”,
attracting continuous attention from investors.
The year of 2016 was also the first year for
Ronshine to expand across China. Progress
was made by Ronshine in transforming from
a regional property company rooted in Fujian
province to a national property company. Ronshine
continued to consolidate its leading position in the
Western Taiwan Straits Economic Zone including
Fuzhou, Xiamen and Zhangzhou, and increase
its competitive advantages in the two important
economic hubs, Shanghai and Hangzhou in the
Yangtze River Delta Economic Region. According
to the 2016 Property Enterprise Sales Top 10 in
Greater Fuzhou Area (2016年度大福州房地產企業
銷售排行榜) issued by the CRIC Research Center,
an authoritative research institution in Chinese real
estate industry, Ronshine ranked the first in the
Greater Fuzhou area, the first for office building
projects in Xiamen, the first in Zhangzhou, and
the fifth in Hangzhou, in terms of the total gross
floor area sold in 2016. In 2016, the contracted
sales of the Group amounted to RMB24.6 billion
with a sharp year-on-year increase of 107%. The
revenue of the Group amounted to approximately
RMB11.4 billion with a significant year-on-year
increase of approximately 53%. During the year,
the Group continued to optimise its debt structure
though issuing corporate bonds and asset-backed 
securities which are backed by the account
receivables for balance payment of properties
sold in China and USD-denominated senior notes
overseas. Due to sound business operation and
diversified financing channels, the gearing ratio of
the Group decreased significantly from 247% for the
year 2015 to 98% for the year 2016.
During the year, Ronshine not only attracted
the attention of the property industry and the
investors on the Group’s business operation
and capital market operation, but also gained
recognition from society for its star projects and
its prestigious brand. During the year, Ronshine
officially founded the “Ronshine Sinology” which
integrates sinology with community services, with
a view to promoting cultural heritage. The project
“Ronshine Hangzhou Mansion” (融信•杭州公館)
carefully restored Hongfeng Park to conserve the
history of Hangzhou. Activities organised by the
“Ronshine Public Welfare Foundation” were carried
out continuously. Bearing its corporate social
responsibilities in mind, Ronshine adheres to the
philosophy of “taking from society and giving back
to society”.
FUTURE PROSPECTS
At the Central Economic Working Conference
held at the end of 2016, it was determined that
the main target of economic growth of 2017 is
to achieve a stable improvement. In respect of
the property market, the central government
requested the acceleration of research and the 
establishment of fundamental institutions and longterm
mechanisms that suit national conditions and
adapt to market demands through finance, land,
taxation, investment and legislation measures. Also,
the smooth progress of new urbanisation, regional
integration and reform of the household registration
system will create a favourable environment for the
long-term development of the property industry.
The Company hope that the property market in
China will reposition itself in 2017, and establish a
social housing system that makes housing more
accessible to residents. Ronshine will continue
to cultivate its business in the core areas of the
first-tier and second-tier cities and strategically
expand to other first-tier and second-tier cities and
some third-tier cities with development potential.
At the same time, taking into account the fierce
competition in the land market of China, Ronshine
will further expand its access to land parcels and
increase the proportion of land parcels acquired
through mergers and acquisitions so as to maintain
reasonable land cost while obtaining quality land
resources. As at 31 December 2016, Ronshine
had abundant high-quality land reserves with a
total gross floor area of approximately 10.6 million
square meters, approximately 81.16% of which
were located in the core areas of the cities with
high growth potential such as Shanghai, Hangzhou,
Fuzhou and Xiamen.
Meanwhile, the Company will continue to adhere
to “building with sincerity and building with love (融
鑄誠信、造有情房)” and build landmark products
that meet the needs of local markets. By the end
of 2016, the Company built a number of landmark
projects including “Ronshine Hangzhou Mansion”
(融信•杭州公館), “The Twin Harbor City (融信•雙
杭城)” and “Ocean City (融信•海上城)”. In 2017,
we will further upgrade its products to incorporate
more elements such as health, technology and
environment protection, thus building properties
that are better quality and cater better to customer
demands.
Looking ahead, Ronshine will stick to a prudent
and sound operational strategy while continuing
to cultivate its existing markets and strategically
expanding its market presence across China.
Ronshine will strengthen its management system
focusing on profitability management and control,
and improve core indicators such as product
profitability, cost control capacity and turnover rate.
At the same time, Ronshine will further optimise and
adjust its debt structure, enhance its financing cost
control, improve its asset turnover efficiency and
strive to achieve a sustainable development through
implementing an asset-light strategy.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
On behalf of the Board, I hereby express my
sincere gratitude to the shareholders of the
Company (the “Shareholders”) and partners for
their continued support, and my heartfelt thanks
go to the Directors, the management team and all
employees for their hard work and contributions in
the past years. In 2017, the Company will continue
to adhere to its philosophy of “ingenuity creating
quality and responsibility reflecting value”, achieve
sustainable development, and bring higher returns
to its Shareholders.
Ou Zonghong
Chairman
Hong Kong, 20 March 2017