Chairman’s Statement
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
In 2016, the global economy faced severe challenges in its development, while nearby regions remained unstable
in terms of their political environments under gradually intensifying political tensions among major economies.
Negative market sentiment spread under the US presidential election and the expectation of US Federal Reserve
rate hike, as well as the substantial impact on European and even global economy brought by Brexit and Italian
referendum defeat, while Japan and Canada have shown signs of weak recovery in economic development.
China, affected by a number of factors including weak recovery of the global economy, adjustment of the country’s
economic growth cycle and excess production capacity, is expected to have steady growth and risk prevention as
the core goals of its macroeconomic development. While the structural reform of economy continues, the growth of
new business norms and models in China was rapid. The expansion and upgrade of customers’ demand coupled
with optimisation of consumption structure brought by long-term economic growth already became a new impetus
to China’s economic growth under its “new social environment”. Industrialisation, informatisation, urbanisation and
agricultural modernisation continue to deepen and give rise to further expansion of strong and long-term domestic
demand.
In 2016, the growth of GDP in China grew by 6.7% year-on-year to RMB74.4 trillion, ranking amongst the top around
the world and dismissing speculation from international market about the possibility of a hard landing of the
Chinese economy. The country’s total retail sales grew by 10.4% year-on-year to RMB33.2 trillion during the year.
Urban disposable income per capita increased by 7.8% in nominal term to RMB33,616. If the price factor is excluded,
the growth in real term was 5.6%.
During 2016, Jiangsu Province, where the Group has already established a leading position in the market, achieved
a GDP growth of 7.8% to RMB7.6 trillion. Total retail sales of consumer goods in the province grew by 10.9% year-onyear
to RMB2.9 trillion, while the urban disposable income per capita increased by 8.0% to RMB40,152 over last year.
BUSINESS OPERATION AND MANAGEMENT
In 2016, the year of debut of the country’s “13th Five-year Plan” and structural reform of the supply end, China's
economic growth is still facing downward pressure but showing signs of steady development. Together with surging
e-commerce, new commercial complexes and outbound tourism, there have been some impacts on the Group’s
customer traffic. Nonetheless, the Group still actively leverage on the country’s retail industry development trend
and pressed on with the development direction of retail chain store expansion, meeting the needs of consumers’
daily life, enhancing their shopping experience and emphasising on innovation. The Group gradually achieved the
development strategy of building up a nationwide retail chain network of comprehensive lifestyle centers beginning
from Jiangsu Province. In 2016, through the endeavours of the Group and its staff, the Group’s gross sales proceeds
(“GSP”) increased by 0.7% year on year to RMB16,399.3 million. Same-store sales growth (“SSSG”) decreased by 4.1%
year on year. Operating profit from operations increased by 22.1% year on year to RMB1,475.5 million.
In 2016, the Group continued to introduce new business formats of consumption experience, enrich its merchandise
mix, and enhance its controllable merchandise resources through investment and cooperation with distinctive
merchandise resources. The Group also continued to provide a more personalised and comprehensive lifestyle
experience to customers.
— To satisfy customers’ demand for high quality lifestyle services and experiences, 6 new major businesses
of G‧LIFE series comprising unique merchandise resources under the Group’s long-term planning and
development will be introduced into its floor area, demonstrating the Group’s strong resources integration
capabilities and are expected to enhance customer traffic and operating results as well as strengthening the
Group’s core competitiveness.
‧ G‧MART, a premium supermarket offering the world’s fresh distinctive health food and exquisite lifestyle
gadget. During the year, the Group entered into strategic cooperation with College of Food Science and
Technology at Nanjing Agricultural University and through hosting interesting promotional events such
as food festivals featuring products from Argentina, the United States and Korea and themes like Yan’an
Chinese New Year, G‧MART brought safe quality products and lifestyle experiences to its customers.
GSP generated by G‧MART for 2016 increased by 6.6% to approximately RMB564.7 million.
‧ G‧TAKAYA, a bookstore featuring boutique lifestyle collection with more than 30,000 SKUs (Stock
Keeping Unit), targeting the middle class and their spiritual needs with 2 stores newly opened at Nanjing
Xinjiekou Store and Suzhou Gaoxin Store, achieving more than 2,000 daily customer traffic per store.
‧ G‧BABY, Golden Eagle Kidsland, tailor-made for children and families consumption covering maternity
and children’s products, children’s fashion, playground, early education, and activities to foster creativity
and aid in development.
‧ G‧BEAUTY, a beauty hub to capture the world's best-selling beauty and skincare products, targeting
young ladies’ long-term and stable consumption.
‧ G‧HEALTH, a health centre providing world’s leading professional dental, postpartum-care, body check
and other comprehensive services to satisfy target customers’ needs for a healthy life.
‧ G‧QUTE, a pet service centre providing extensive services including pet activities, grooming, veterinary,
pet supplies and international pet events to satisfy target customers’ needs for extended pet services.
— The Group actively expanded its controllable merchandise business and offered customers with a variety
of unique merchandise with high value covering apparels, footwear, kid’s wear, household and lifestyle
products as well as cultural and recreation products from Europe and the United States. On this foundation,
the Group cooperated with key fabric providers in China to develop a series of “premium quality bestselling
single item merchandise” under its own brands of Aquila Doro, IVREA and RESTYLE to further provide distinctive
controllable merchandise with high-value-for-money to its customers. In 2016, the Group operated 221
counters under these controllable merchandise with GSP generated from these merchandise grew by 7.4% to
RMB331.5 million.
 The Group has been enhancing the development of its overseas purchase and O2O business to enrich the
quality of the consumption experience and thus to enhance the satisfaction of its customers. On one hand,
the Group co-operated with its strategic partners in the United States and Europe through ways of overseas
supply chain direct sourcing to bring customers with overseas products at their local prices. On the other
hand, the Group enhanced its online and offline two-way marketing via “goodee mobile App”. Customers are
allowed to place purchase orders at the Group’s “goodee mobile App” online counters or at stores’ physical
counters and merchandise will be delivered directly to customers at the physical store counters, driving a
significant increase in customer traffic and sales performance.
Through continuous enhancement of its service quality and creative marketing campaigns, the Group attracted VIP
customers and actively expanded its VIP customer base.
— Through continuous recruitment by leveraging on Omni marketing channels, the Group actively expanded the
customer base of the younger generation, which added impetus to the growth in the Group’s results. As at 31
December 2016, the number of VIP customers of the Group reached approximately 2.7 million. VIP customers’
consumption accounted for 55.8% of the Group’s total GSP.
— In addition to its regular promotion activities, the Group organised four unified large-scale marketing events
across its chain stores, including “Anniversary Celebration”, “VIP Day”, “Happy Star Camp” and “Black Friday”
and achieved GSP of over RMB 1.56 billion, up by 2.8% over the same period last year. Single-store foot traffic
increased by 79% year-on-year to a record-high of over 70,000 customers on Nanjing Xinjiekou Store’s “Black
Friday” event. The Group has also achieved effective promotion of the Golden Eagle brand and enhanced
its brand value through the organisation and sponsorship of “2016 Golden Eagle Open — Taiwan Golf
Tournament”, “Cross-Strait Writing Competition” co-organised with Nanjing Morning Post and “Golden Eagle
Calendar Baby Selection”.
— Through the effective utilisation of various Omni marketing channels including mobile phone application
“goodee mobile App” (掌上金鷹), the WeChat social network platform and the “Electronic VIP Card”, during
the year, the Group has established and developed an economical and effective Omni marketing channel
with integrated customer service platform. The “goodee mobile App” now provides lifestyle services including
product promotions, overseas purchase (金鷹購), reward points redemption, e-gift cards, smart parking,
optometric centres, VIP courses, hotels and automobile maintenance services. As at 31 December 2016, the
“goodee mobile App” has registered over 6.1 million downloads, with over 1.5 million VIP customers connected
their VIP cards with the App and an average of 50,000 active daily users.
— The Group is a pioneer to implement centralised merchandise counter payment program and supermarket
self-service mobile payment program, achieving organic integration of mobile payment, merchandise and
membership management and further enhanced the quality of customer services offered. This program will
also facilitate the Group’s future VIP big data marketing.
CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT AND INVESTMENT
In 2016, leveraging on the Group’s leading position and strong competitive advantages in Jiangsu Province,
the Group continued to reinforce its leading position and solidified its presence in the regions of Jiangsu, Anhui,
Shaanxi, Yunnan and Shanghai by establishing comprehensive lifestyle centers with competitive strengths and
potential for long-term business growth. Since the beginning of 2016 and up to the date of this report, the Group has
opened 2 new “Comprehensive Lifestyle Centers”.
— On 23 December 2016, the Group’s Xi’an Qujiang Lifestyle Center commenced trial operation. The store
is located at the core business district of Xi’an Qujiang New District with a gross floor area (“GFA”) of
approximately 50,000 square meters, and is directly connected to Metro Line 4. The store brings together multifunctional
facilities and amenities, including fashion shopping, catering, parenting activities, entertainment
and leisure as well as fitness center, offering customers the opportunity to experience fashionable and
innovative lifestyle shopping in Qujiang New District. Xi’an Qujiang Lifestyle Center and Xi’an Datang Furong
Xintiandi, which complement each other, form a commercial complex with aggregate GFA of over 250,000
square meters. As an innovative attempt of light asset business model based on the Group’s years of
experience in retail operation and management, Xi’an Qujiang Lifestyle Center has become the Group’s first
managed store, which complements with the Group’s Xi’an Gaoxin Store to further consolidate the Group’s
presence in Xi’an.
— On 18 January 2017, the Group’s Suzhou Gaoxin Lifestyle Center commenced trial operation. The store
is located above the underground interchange station of Suzhou Metro Lines 1 and 3 and at the core
business district of Suzhou Gaoxin district, adjacent to Suzhou Amusement Land, with a GFA of approximately
176,000 square meters. Featuring multi-functions of G-Takaya boutique bookstore, family paradise, premium
supermarket and specialty food and beverage, Suzhou Gaoxin Lifestyle Center has become families’ preferred
place for shopping and leisure in Suzhou Gaoxin district, and the new shopping experience it brings to the
local customers has attracted a lot of foot traffic.
— The Group’s Shanghai Store, Nantong Renmin Road Store and Wuhu New City Store were re-launched in
October 2016 upon completion of precise market positioning and overall optimisation.
The Group stepped up its strategic investment in the industry value chain in 2016 by investing in and cooperating
with businesses with high growth potential, such as Beijing Caissa Travel, Shinwon Group — a renowned Korean
apparel group, BLOVES - a leading high-end custom jewelry wedding rings brand in China, Fountown - a leading
brand of shared office in China, TOEBOX - Korea’s No.1 kids’ footwear retailer, Ye Dental Hospital - Korea’s No.1
dental hospital, GOLFZON — an internationally renowned indoor golf brand, MQ Coffee — a unique fine coffee
brand in Shanghai, etc., and achieving organic integration of featured commercial brands and the Group’s
business resources. While establishing its unique competitive advantages, the Group can also enjoy the fruit of
business development of the featured commercial brands. It is worth mentioning that, with its excellent operating
performance and favorable prospects for development, Beijing POPMART in which the Group has invested was
listed on National Equities Exchange and Quotations in Beijing in February 2017, while TOEBOX is also expected to
be listed on KASDAQ in Korea in April 2017.
OUTLOOK
Looking into the macro economy in 2017, despite negative impacts brought from the policy of trade protectionism
on growth of the global economy, some of the major economies, in particular the US fiscal stimulus measures,
will continue to boost the global economy at a higher-than-expected rate of growth. With the recovery of bulk
commodity prices, economic growth of developing countries in 2017 is expected to be of a higher rate than that
in 2016. Against this international economic backdrop, to strive for achieving the twin objectives of steady growth
and structural reform of the Chinese economy, China has to expand effective demand while actively promoting
structural reform from the supply end.
The management remains optimistic about China’s retail market development in the future. In 2017, the Group
will proactively explore effective ways to integrate its existing business resources and further reinforce its efforts in
exploring unique and new types of functions and amenities for its business. It will also endeavour to enhance the
attractiveness to boost customer traffic and profitability of its comprehensive lifestyle centers so as to reinforce
its leading position in the industry. These measures include: (i) developing itself into a professional retailer which
provides high quality innovative comprehensive services, prioritising the development of functions and product
categories that enhance customers’ shopping experience, with high growth potential and high gross margin,
increasing the types of lifestyle functions that cater for mainstream customers’ demands for consumption upgrade,
including healthcare, maternity products, children’s early education, lifestyle and tourism, as well as culture and
creativity, etc. in order to enhance its comprehensiveness for shopping, leisure and family gatherings; (ii) further
increasing the controllable merchandise resources. Based on the functions and amenities under its G‧LIFE series,
the Group will continue to develop and promote high-value-for-money merchandise under the brands which
the Group has close exclusive cooperation relationships with and the Group’s proprietary brands and continue
to enhance distinctive merchandise resources as well as the rapid replicate expansion capabilities, which will
strengthen the Group’s long-term core competitiveness; (iii) continuing to optimise the Omni-business model that
suits the Group’s own way of development and adapts to the consumption patterns of VIP customers and newly
recruited young customers. On the basis of expanding sales of the current overseas hot-selling products, the Group
will also focus on promoting sales of tailor-made and high-value-to-money products in lifestyle category to develop
Omni-sales channel covering the Group’s entire chain store network. As such, the Group will be able to implement
interactive conversion of online and offline traffic in a cost-effective way; and (iv) endeavoring to nurture core senior
management talents, continuing to optimise the management structure and improving the overall operational
efficiency.
The Group will continue to develop its new chain stores at a steady pace. In 2017, the Group will focus its resources
in launching its Golden Eagle World in Nanjing, Phase II of Nanjing Xianlin Store and Yangzhou Golden Eagle New
City Centre. In particular, it is important to point out that Golden Eagle World, which is located at the core business
district of Nanjing Hexi with total investment reaching over RMB10 billion, is the world’s tallest asymmetric threetower
skyscraper under construction. The total GFA of the project reaches approximately 920,000 square meters,
with grade 5E high-end office area of approximately 170,000 square meters, five-star hotel with more than 500 guest
rooms of approximately 80,000 square meters, and high-quality international apartments of approximately 120,000
square meters in addition to the 500,000 square meters of commercial and affiliated area to be operated by the
Group. After Golden Eagle World commences operation, it will become the Group’s new flagship store with annual
revenue of over RMB10 billion, Asia’s largest comprehensive lifestyle center with multiple functions and amenities,
as well as a new commercial landmark in eastern China and even the entire China. It is expected to reinforce the
Group’s leading industry position in Yangtze River Delta region and become a long-term growth driver for the Group
in the next two decades.
Leveraging on the Group’s leading position in Jiangsu Province and its competitive edge, the Group will
consolidate its presence in the regions of Jiangsu, Anhui, Shaanxi, Yunnan and Shanghai through development of
comprehensive lifestyle centers at self-owned properties or through other means including mergers and acquisitions.
Such move will strengthen the Group’s competitive strength for long-term business growth and allow the Group to
gradually accomplish its target of becoming a national-wide chain store operator. The Group will leverage on the
foundation of its existing brand resources, introduce a collection of unique and distinctive merchandise brands into
its floor area and strengthen its cooperation and collaboration with distinctive international brands that are in line
with the development strategy of comprehensive lifestyle concept. It will actively develop new business models with
good prospects and as an extension to develop a commercial retail platform.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all our staff members for their hard
work and dedication and thank our shareholders, business partners and customers for their enduring support. In
2017, the Group will continue to overcome difficulties and grasp opportunities and make effort to innovate as a
cohesive force so as to achieve better results.Wang Hung, Roger
Chairman
30 March 2017