Chairman s Statement 
Following the robust economic growth in 2009, China has recovered gradually from the impact of global financial crisis.
The central government has promulgated a series of policies to monitor the property market, as well as restricting liquidity and controlling inflation by implementing various monetary measures and policies such as raising the deposit reserve ratio of commercial banks and increasing the interest rates, in order to prevent overheating of the economy and formation of asset bubbles, and to ensure stable and sustainable growth of the China economy.
Benefiting from the recovery of overall economic environment, as well as the Group s outstanding management capability, the Group has maintained a steady and rapid operating growth during the year under review. We are pleased to report that in 2010, the Group recorded gross sales proceeds of RMB10.9 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of 33.7%. Same store sales growth reached 25.1% and profit from operations posted a year-on-year growth of 30.0%. The Group continued to maintain an industry-leading position.
Since 2010, the Group has embarked on a new era of robust growth in the development of chain department store. The acquisition of Hefei Dadongmen Store and Hefei Baihuajing Store through the acquisition of the equity interest in Anhui Golden Eagle Retail Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Anhui Ruijing Commercial Company Limited) ( Anhui Golden Eagle ), together with the newly opened Huaibei Store, have further enhanced our market presence in the Anhui market.
Besides, the enlargement of Xuzhou Store and Yancheng Store has further extended the optimal growth period of the 
According to the economic data announced by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the China economy continued to maintain a steady and robust growth. Preliminary estimation showed that the annual gross domestic product ( GDP ) growth in 2010 was 10.3%, representing a 1.1 percentage point increase over that of 2009. Total retail sales of consumer goods increased by 18.4% over the same period last year. Eliminating the price factor, the actual growth was 14.8%.
Final consumption contributed 37.3% of the GDP growth, which accounted for 3.9 percentage point of the increase in 
Jiangsu Province remained an important development area of the Group. Jiangsu Province has shown signs of the strengthening of overall competitiveness and its economy continued to perform well during the year. Based on preliminary estimation, the GDP of Jiangsu Province rose by 12.6%, while the total retail sales of consumer goods rose by 18.7% over the same period last year. Economic indicators of the three major regions in Jiangsu Province, including the southern, middle and northern parts of the province, are achieving a relatively faster growth. Majorities of the economic indicators of southern and northern parts of the province were higher than the provincial average and contributed 39.0% of the total economic growth of Jiangsu Province. This reinforced the Group s confidence in further penetration into the market in Jiangsu area.
Anhui Province is the Group s key designated area for future development. During the year, GDP of the province rose by 14.5%; total retail sales of consumer goods rose by 19.2%; urban disposable income per capita increased by 12.1% over the same period last year. Eliminating the price factor, the actual growth was 8.8%. The growths of the province s major economic indicators were higher than the national average.

The road to global economic recovery was struggled between positive and negative expectations. Emerging markets, especially China, played an important role in the process. We believe that the Chinese government can effectively control inflation and asset bubbles through the implementation of various fiscal and monetary measures and policies, hence ensuring stable and sound development of the China economy.
This year marks the first year of China s 12th Five-Year Plan, pursuant to which the growth of urban and rural income per capita is regarded as an important objective. While striving to ensure people s income growth to be in line with the economic development, the plan also aims at enhancing people s living standard and quality. There is no doubt that the increase in disposable income of the target customers will benefit the continuous prosperity of the retail industry.
Promoting domestic consumption will be the central government s long-term focus, and contribution of consumption to GDP will continue to grow. We believe that the continual urbanization, the growing middle class and the continual improvement of the national social welfare system would further boost domestic consumption in the coming five years, thereby benefiting the robust and sustainable growth of the entire PRC retail market.
In the coming three years, the Group will continue to expand its store network steadily and speedily, and plans to open 5-8 new stores every year by self-owned properties, long-term leases and or merger and acquisitions. The Group will endeavour to enhance its presence in eastern China, Shaanxi and Yunnan Provinces. The Group will also closely monitor the growth performance of its existing stores, enhance store attractiveness to target customers through effective brand optimisation and innovative promotion campaigns. By utilizing the advantage conferred by economies of scale, the Group will increase its market share while improving profit margin by effective cost control.
We have been achieving satisfactory results since our listing five years ago, and have established ourselves as an industry leader. On behalf of the Company, I would like to express my appreciation for the support of and assistance from our shareholders, government, business partners, management, employees and loyal customers, without which we would not have been able to achieve the results today. In the coming year, the management and all staff members will continue to collaborate with each other, striving to maximize the Group s corporate values and create lucrative returns for shareholders.
Wang Hung, Roger 
28 March 2011 