Chairman s Statement 
In 2015, complicated by the European sovereign debt crisis and the move by the United States Federal Reserve to raise interest rate, the global economy slowed down to a growth rate that was below the general expectations.
In China, the economy still grew steadily and at a reasonable rate although it was facing challenges from home and abroad. After thirty years of consistent, rapid growth, China s economic and social development has entered a new stage where growth has become moderate and the service sector has gradually become predominant in the country s economy. A noteworthy development is that mobile internet has brought revolutionary changes to a number of traditional industries. The Chinese government has been pursuing macroeconomic control measures relentlessly and has taken initiatives to improve the operating environment that has encouraged more people to start their own businesses. As a result, both employment and personal income have been growing steadily and the people s consumption power has been built up. Traditional industries have also been pursuing reforms to improve the operating environment to meet consumers higher requirements. An increasing number of consumers are trading up, which will serve as an important growth driver of the economy after the Chinese government slashed import tariffs on daily consumer goods by more than 50%. Moreover, the Chinese government cut import tariffs twice during the year in an attempt to divert the Chinese nationals spending from the overseas to domestic markets.
Consumption has developed into a primary driving force of China s economy and contributed to almost 60% of its growth. In light of the changes in the consumer market, the Chinese government has decided to leverage on both the international and domestic markets and has adopted policies on expediting the reforms of industries and on encouraging consumers to trade up (including the reduction of tariffs). The measures are aimed at sustaining the healthy development of the economy.
In 2015, China s gross domestic product ( GDP ) grew by 6.9% to RMB67.7 trillion. The growth was the slowest in the past 25 years. The country s total retail sales of consumer goods grew by 10.7% to RMB30.1 trillion. Yet, the pace of growth was 1.3 percentage points lower than that recorded in 2014. Urban disposable income per capita increased by 8.2% to RMB31,195. If the price factor is excluded, the country s real GDP grew by 6.6%. Consumer price index increased by 1.4%.
In 2015, Jiangsu Province, where the Group has already established a leading position in the market, achieved a GDP growth of 8.5% to RMB7.0 trillion on the basis of comparable prices. Total retail sales of consumer goods in the province grew by 10.3% to RMB2.6 trillion, while the disposable income per capita increased by 8.7%.
BUSINESS OPERATION AND MANAGEMENT Against the backdrop of an economic slowdown, heightened financial risks, the impact of e-commerce, a growing trend of overseas travel by the nationals and the aging population of China, the retail business at brick-and-mortar stores was facing significant challenges of low growth and operating losses. To cope with such an adverse business environment, the Group accurately anticipated and capitalized on the country s retail industry development trend and pressed on with the development direction of retail chain store expansion, emphasizing on innovation, meeting the needs of consumers daily life and enhancing their shopping experience. Through the vertical integration along the industry s value chain and the horizontal expansion of the commercial platform, the Group gradually achieved the development strategy of building up a nationwide retail chain network of comprehensive lifestyle centers beginning from Jiangsu Province. The Group s gross sales proceeds ( GSP ) grew by 0.2% to approximately RMB16.3 billion while revenue grew by 2.9% to approximately RMB4.1 billion in 2015. Operating profit from retail operations decreased by 9.2% to approximately RMB1.2 billion while net profit for the year decreased by 4.5% to approximately RMB1.04 billion. Same-store sales decreased by 5.3%.
In 2015, the Group had committed to continue to develop comprehensive lifestyle centers. It did so by constantly enriching its merchandise mix, innovating the layout and combination of types of merchandise and amenities offer, enhancing its controllable merchandise resources through investment and cooperation with distinctive merchandise resources. The Group also emphasizes on the interactions between online and offline operations to provide a more comprehensive lifestyle experience and a multi-channel consumption and service platform to 
The Group continued to optimize its merchandise mix, with a focus on product categories that has high sales growth potential such as outdoor and sportswear, children s products and cosmetics. In 2015, GSP generated by the outdoor and sportswear product category increased by 21.9% to approximately RMB944.9 million, whilst GSP generated by children s products category increased by 16.0% to approximately RMB532.0 million.

The Group endeavored to introduce a larger variety of lifestyle functions and amenities to provide a comprehensive service experience to customers. During the year, the Group continued to introduce distinctive brands under various functions and amenities into its floor area to enhance its competitiveness and consumers lifestyle and shopping experience, thus adding new impetus to the growth of sales and profitability, including specialty food and beverage stores, G-Mart premium supermarket, comprehensive automobile service centers, aquariums, cinemas and early childhood education. Lifestyle functions and amenities occupied approximately 32.7% of the Group s total operating area. Revenue contributed by rental and service fee income from these lifestyle functions and amenities increased by 49.1% to approximately 
The Group s star business, G-Mart premium supermarket, is well-received by white-collar workers in the cities which offers overseas premium goods, organic food, fresh fruits and vegetables, distinctive light meals, health tonic and other products. By organizing various interesting domestic and overseas food festivals and events like Spanish gourmet ham classroom, US food festival, Korean products fair, Yan an New Year festival, as well as numerous promotional initiatives with other retail and lifestyle elements within the store, G-Mart not only has provided customers with a high quality of life experience, but also effectively attracted large number of customers and improved its operation results. GSP generated by G-Mart for the full year of 2015 increased by 20.2% to approximately RMB845.1 million.

The Group actively expanded its controllable merchandise business and continued to strengthen its close co-operation with high-quality brand suppliers through various arrangements such as buyout, distributorship, investment and equity participation so as to offer customers a variety of unique merchandise with high value under a rich portfolio of brands to enhance the Group s profitability. The Group chose a large number of unique distinctive fashion name brands as well as creative international household brands from all over the world, including brands from Germany, France, South Korea and Australia for its consumers. In 2015, the Group added 24 new brands into its controllable merchandise brand portfolio, bringing the total to 67. GSP generated from these controllable merchandise increased by 24.1% to approximately RMB308.7 million. One of the representatives of the Group s rapid development of investment and business operations, Mr. Pizza, a Korean pizza brand, operated a total of 35 stores as at the end of 2015. Among these stores, 15 of them were opened in the Group s chain stores. Nanjing Xinjiekou Mr. Pizza Store ranked No.1 in terms of single-store performance and recorded a revenue of RMB17.0 million in 2015. The store not only achieved high operating performance but also attracted more targeted young customers to the Group s comprehensive lifestyle 
The Group has attached much importance to the development of overseas purchase and O2O business to enrich the quality of the consumption experience and thus to enhance customer satisfaction. On 20 May 2015, Jinying.com App shopping platform was officially launched. Through co-operation with Nanjing Comprehensive Bonded Zone, the Group launched its Oversea Purchase O2O Experience Store at Nanjing Xinjiekou Store and Jiangning Store on 18 August 2015, which is an operating model combining the features of overseas merchandise display and imported merchandise sales into one. This move has enabled the Group to bring interesting and diverse overseas merchandise, which were sourced directly from their places of origin through supply chain co-operations, to its customers. It also enabled the Group to display its online merchandise in its offline store, to enhance shopping experience and customer interactions and to provide convenient and direct after-sales services to its customers. As at the end of 2015, Jinying.com App offered over 5,000 SKUs (stock keeping units) with 30,000 visits per day on average. Eight Overseas Purchase O2O Experience Stores were opened during the year. While driving a significant increase in customer traffic and sales performance on the floors on which they are located, these stores have become effective means of online and offline two-way marketing.
The Group actively expanded its VIP customer base, enhanced the service quality and enriched the value-added services for VIP customers, thus providing customers with a full range of attentive shopping experience.

Through promotion of, and promotion to new members of, the Electronic VIP Card , the Group actively expanded the customer base of the younger generation, which added impetus to the growth in the Group s results. As at 31 December 2015, the number of VIP customers of the Group reached approximately 2.5 million.
VIP customers consumption accounted for 56.3% of the Group s total GSP.

During the year, the Group continued to implement its Omni-Channel marketing through various channels such as mobile phone application goodee mobile App (c N), the WeChat social network platform and the Electronic VIP Card . With the development of an economical and effective marketing channel, the customers were provided with prompt news about promotional activities and various VIP value-added services which enhanced customers shopping experience. The goodee mobile App now provides lifestyle services like product promotions, overseas purchase (), store shopping guide, movie ticket booking, reward points redemption, e-gift cards, smart parking and optometric centre. As at the end of 2015, the goodee mobile App application has registered over approximately 4.8 million downloads, representing an increase of more than 140% compared with those at the end of 2014 and has over approximately 1.2 million VIP customers getting connected their VIP cards with the App.

The Group s comprehensive automobile service chain also provided rich extended services to Golden Eagle s VIP customers. These extended services further enhanced the comprehensiveness of the Group s lifestyle functions and amenities offer. The establishment of in store high-end second-hand car exhibition centers and automobile maintenance services center chain targeting high-end cars helped to expand the Group s VIP customer base and divert customer traffic to stores.
CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT AND OPENING OF NEW STORES Leveraging on our leading position and strong competitive advantages in Jiangsu Province, the Group will continue to reinforce its leading position and solidify its presence in the regions of Jiangsu, Anhui, Shaanxi, Yunnan and Shanghai by establishing comprehensive lifestyle centers with competitive strengths and potential for long-term business growth. In 2015, the Group has opened 4 new Comprehensive Lifestyle Centers : 
On 1 January 2015, the Group s Danyang Lifestyle Center commenced trial operation. The store is located at the core business area of Danyang downtown with a gross floor area ( GFA ) of approximately 53,000 square meters. The store has adopted a fashionable street layout catering for the needs of daily life. The Group has introduced the G-Mart premium supermarket, special cuisines, a family entertainment park and other businesses that cater for lifestyle at the Danyang Lifestyle Center. The move enhanced the shopping experience of the local customers. Danyang Lifestyle Center and Danyang Golden Eagle Tiandi Plaza complement each other, and they form the first one-stop commercial complex with aggregate GFA of 360,000 square meters in Danyang.

On 31 January 2015, the Group s Kunshan Lifestyle Center commenced trial operation. The store is located at the core business area of Kunshan downtown with a GFA of approximately 118,500 square meters, and has brought fashion shopping, catering, family entertainment, leisure and artistic activities under one roof, offering customers the opportunity to experience fashionable and innovative lifestyle shopping. Kunshan Lifestyle Center and Kunshan Golden Eagle Tiandi Plaza complement each other, and they form a commercial complex with aggregate GFA of over 1 million square meters. GSP generated by the lifestyle center exceeded RMB310 million during its first 11 months of operation.

On 3 July 2015, the Group s Nanjing Jiangning Lifestyle Center, which is also the Group s fifth store at Nanjing, commenced trial operation. The store is located above the underground railway station and at the core business area of Nanjing Jiangning downtown with a GFA of approximately 144,700 square meters. Positioned as a place for leisure family gatherings, the lifestyle centre is equipped with a shopping park , integrated family entertainment park, a premium supermarket G-Mart, specialty food and drink stores. The lifestyle centre, a luxurious hotel and high-grade apartments form a large commercial complex, with a GFA of 250,000 square meters. The commercial complex became families preferred place for shopping and leisure in the Jiangning area, and the new shopping experience it brings to the local customers has attracted a lot of foot traffic. GSP generated by lifestyle centre exceeded RMB180 million during its first 6 months of operation.

On 29 August 2015, the Group s Ma anshan Lifestyle Center, which is also the Group s first lifestyle center at Anhui Province, commenced trial operation. The store is located at the northwest corner of Ma anshan Tuanjie Square and is next to the urban ecological park, Yushan Lake. It occupies a core position in the bustling traditional commercial district of Ma anshan City with a GFA of approximately 87,600 square meters.
The store brings together multi-functional facilities and amenities, including fashion shopping, entertainment and leisure, G-Mart premium supermarket, catering, cinema and parenting activities and offers an all-round lifestyle experience incorporating shopping, vacation, leisure and entertainment. Lifestyle functions and amenities accounts for 45.6% of its total operating area. The store has become a one-stop shopping and leisure experience centre for customers in Ma anshan.
To further solidify the Group s presence in the two provinces of Jiangsu and Anhui and adhere to the Group s development strategy of acquiring premium properties in the core business districts of target cities at low cost, the Group completed its acquisition of four commercial projects on 31 December 2015, including Nantong Global Era International Shopping Center (WSP; Wir-N_), Nantong Baxiancheng (WSkQNW), Wuhu Global Era Commercial Complex (jVnP;FUmi}T) and Wuhu Riverside Century Plaza (jVno_lN}4X). The Group will gradually upgrade and transform these premises into large distinctive commercial complexes in line with the Group s comprehensive lifestyle development strategy based on the unique characteristics of each individual 
Nantong Renmin Road Store (WSNl) (formally known as Nantong Global Era International Shopping Center (WSP; Wir-N_)) is located at the prime location of traditional Nanda Street (WS'YW) commercial district of Nantong City, with convenient transportation and a vibrant business atmosphere. The shopping centre has a GFA of approximately 30,200 square meters. The store has previously been positioned as a traditional department store with a large number of loyal customers in Nantong. Leveraging on the abundant VIP customer base the Group has accumulated in the city and the synergy to be created with the existing Nantong Nanda Street Store and the Group s Nantong Lifestyle Center, the store has recently been repositioned as the first lifestyle center in Nantong which houses a variety of catering and leisure functions with childhood as its theme.

Nantong Baxiancheng (WSkQNW) is situated at the intersection of Nanda Street and Renmin Road, at the heart of Nanda Street commercial district of Nantong. It enjoys convenient transportation, a vibrant business atmosphere and has a GFA of approximately 23,700 square meters. The property is currently occupied by a hypermarket and some street shops. The Group will continuously optimize the tenant mix of the property, introduce more prominent brand tenants in a bid to boost the revenue from the property.

Wuhu New City Plaza (jVneW-N_4X) (formally known as Wuhu Global Era Riverside Century Plaza (j VnP;o_lN}4X)), is a landmark building located at the core business district of Wuhu City, with a total GFA of approximately 406,000 square meters. It consists of three main buildings, including a 318-meter high office tower which was designed and constructed in accordance with International Grade 5A Standards, two 160-meter super-high apartment buildings with an exquisite river view and a large shopping mall of approximately 100,000 square meters, Wuhu New City Store (jVneW-N_) (formally known as Wuhu Honghui City (jVn;SW)), which has substantial commercial value. The Group has transformed the shopping mall into a comprehensive lifestyle centre which caters for the needs of the middle-income and high-income families in the city at one-stop. Various facilities and amenities, including G-Mart premium supermarket, household and living, sports and leisure, bookstore for arts and culture, children s entertainment, specialty restaurants and beauty and hairdressing were introduced to fully satisfy the needs of families.

Wuhu Shopping Center (jVnir-N_) (formally known as Wuhu Global Era Commercial Complex (jVn P;FUmi}T)) is located at the prime location of the traditional Zhongshan Road business district in the downtown of Wuhu. The complex consists of a traditional department store with GFA of approximately 30,700 square meters and a five-star hotel and a grade-A office building with an aggregate GFA of approximately 66,000 square meters. The store will continue to be positioned as a mid-to-high-end department store. The Group will bring in its leading merchandise resources to improve and highlight the female theme and children functions with an aim to boost foot traffic and create synergy with the adjacent Ma anshan Lifestyle Centre and Wuhu New City Store.
In 2015, the Group actively optimized the layout of its chain stores to meet the development of its comprehensive lifestyle strategy. During the year, due to certain constraints in the leased properties and limitation in transforming into a lifestyle center, the Group suspended the operations of five of its stores, namely Hefei Baihuajing Store, Hefei Dadongmen Store, Hefei Suzhou Road Store, Kunming Nanya Store and Changzhou Wujin Store. The suspension of these five stores with an aggregate GFA of approximately 160,000 square meters had only a slight impact on the overall operations and sales of the Group.
The launch, acquisition and suspension of the above-mentioned stores and properties have increased the Group s total retail GFA by approximately 427,200 square meters, resulting in a total retail GFA of approximately 1,766,000 square meters as at the end of 2015. The Group s comprehensive lifestyle centers have reached 10 with a total GFA of approximately 1,035,000 square meters.
Based on the sites secured by the Group for its new store expansion, the Group will increase the aggregate GFA of its chain stores by approximately 1.1 million square meters in the next three years according to its plan. The vast majority of the stores will be in the form of lifestyle centers and will be customized according to the location and shopping habits of the local customers so as to establish a distinctive format and increase the Group s competitiveness. The Group will continue to focus on high-quality premises that are suitable for the comprehensive lifestyle concept, so that the Group s operations can remain stable in the long term, cost-effective, sizeable and house a rich variety of lifestyle elements. Furthermore, the Group will continue to actively seek opportunities for investment, co-operation, mergers and acquisitions that can match the Group s development and investment strategies and objectives, hence laying the solid foundations for its business expansion.

In 2016, the world s economy is expected to remain sluggish. Specifically, emerging markets economic recovery is fragile and uncertain as they are being affected by problems such as the Federal Reserve s initiative to raise interest rates, the capital outflow and slow reforms that fail to keep pace with their development. The US economy is expected to continue with its slow recovery. The European economy shows clear signs of stabilization now whereas Japan s economy predicament is worsening. In China, the economy has shown signs of bottoming out as it is building on the government s earlier stimulus policy that date back to 2012. The country will steadily develop its economy with its 13th Five-year Plan and is speeding up its economic restructuring and reform. In that national development plan, the government promulgated an economy driven by innovation and consumption. As part of this endeavor, a series of relevant policies are expected to be introduced to support the long-term development of the commercial retail sector.
The management remains optimistic about China s retail market development in the future. In 2016, the Group will proactively explore effective ways to operate its business and introduce unique and innovative types of functions and amenities into its floor area. It will also endeavor to enhance the sales performance and profitability of its well-established stores so as to reinforce its leading position in the industry and accelerate business growth.
These measures include: (i) developing itself into a professional retailer which provides high quality innovative comprehensive services, prioritizing the development and sales of product categories with high growth potential and high gross margin, increasing the types of lifestyle functions that cater for mainstream customers demands and needs, including healthy food, education and tourism, etc. in order to enhance its comprehensiveness for shopping, leisure and family gatherings; (ii) further increasing the controllable merchandise resources. The Group will continue to develop and promote high value-for-money merchandise under the brands which the Group has deep exclusive cooperation relationships with and the Group s proprietary brands and to fully tap the potential of the online supplier recruitment platform. This will strengthen the Group s competitiveness and lay a solid foundation for the Group s e-commerce development; (iii) continuing to optimize the O2O (online-to-offline) business model that suits the Group s own way of development. On the basis of the existing Oversea Purchase O2O Experience Store , the Group will further expand portable online merchandise experience points where target customers will be fine segmented, merchandise will be displayed at different stores and floors in accordance with different target customer groups to lead to higher efficiency and flexibility. Meanwhile, for online merchandise categories, the Group will further expand the range and mix of famous, special and high-quality merchandise offerings from Europe, the United States and China; and (iv) endeavoring to nurture core senior management talents, continuing to optimize the management structure and improving the overall operational efficiency.
Meanwhile, the Group will also develop its new chain stores at a steady pace. We will ensure that each new store will be managed by a pragmatic and efficient management team. We will consolidate our presence in the regions of Jiangsu, Shaanxi, Anhui and Yunnan through horizontal development of comprehensive lifestyle centers at self-owned properties or through other means including mergers and acquisitions. Such move will strengthen the Group s competitive strength for long-term business growth. The Group will build on the foundation of its existing brand resources, introducing a collection of unique and distinctive merchandise brands into its floor area and enlarging its cooperation and collaboration with distinctive international brands that are in line with the development strategy of comprehensive lifestyle concept. It will actively develop new business models with good 
Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all our staff members for their hard work and dedication and thank our shareholders, business partners and customers for their enduring support. In the coming year, the Group will continue to overcome difficulties and grasp commercial development opportunities and make effort to innovate as a cohesive force so as to achieve better results.
Wang Hung, Roger 
30 March 2016 