Chairman s Statement 
In 2011, China s economy faced challenges from complicated and volatile economic situations externally and internally.
The Euro-zone debt crisis sent the world economy reeling, whilst the geopolitics in the Middle East and Northern Africa regions remained fragile. The economy of Japan was hardly hit by the earthquake and tsunami, whilst the pace of recovery in the United States appeared to be slow. Meanwhile, the tightened monetary policies and the macroeconomic control measures to cool off the real estate sector hampered the growth of China s economy.
Notwithstanding the challenges mentioned above, China s economy still secured a relatively strong growth in 2011.
Inflation was well contained. Economy structure continued to optimise, which effectively averted a hard landing of China s economy. The national gross domestic product ( GDP ) in 2011 reached RMB47.2 trillion, representing an increase of 9.2% over last year. Although the rate of growth slowed down as compared to 2010, such rate was still higher than most of the other countries and regions in the world. China s contribution to the global economy growth continued to increase. The total retail sales of consumer goods reached RMB18.4 trillion, representing an increase of 17.1% over last year. The contribution from final consumption to the growth of economy was 51.6%, an increase of 10.1 percentage points over last year. At the same time, domestic demand became a more significant driving force for economic growth in the PRC. Urban and rural disposable income per capita increased by 14.1% and 17.9% respectively over last 
In 2011, Jiangsu Province, where the Group has already established a leading market position, achieved a GDP growth of 11.0% and total retail sales of consumer goods also grew by 17.5% over last year. Urban disposable income per capita increased by 14.8% over last year.
Anhui Province is the Group s new focus for strategic development. In 2011, the GDP of Anhui Province grew by 13.5% while its total retail sales of consumer goods grew by 18.0% over last year. Urban disposable income per capita increased by 17.8% over last year.

Benefiting from the strong growth in domestic consumption and the Group s flexible and efficient operation strategies, the Group sustained remarkable financial results in 2011. Gross sales proceeds ( GSP ) reached RMB14.34 billion, representing an increase of 31.0% over last year. Net profit amounted to RMB1.21 billion, representing an increase of 26.4% over last year. Same store sales growth ( SSSG ) remained at a relatively high level and achieved a growth of 
In order to meet target customers consumption demand and add on growth momentum on chain store sales, in 2011, each chain store under the Group undertook an extensive merchandising and branding revamp with an aim to enhance the Group s product offering and sales performance. Nanjing Xinjiekou Store, the Group s flagship store, relocated its entire gold and jewellry section from the first floor to the sixth floor. This relocation, other than improving the productivity of the sixth floor, also freed up floor space on the first floor for renowned international brands and cosmetic brands, which could satisfy high-end customers demand for top-tier brands. This adjustment has become the driving force of Nanjing Xinjiekou Store s new sales growth. As a mature store with 16 years of operation history, the store achieved SSSG of 12.3% in 2011.
The Group continues to focus on VIP customer base expansion and maintenance. In order to enhance VIP customers satisfaction and their loyalty, we offered quality merchandise with attentive value-added services that cater for their individual needs through analysing their consumption patterns and changing needs. During the period under review, the Group expanded its collaborations with different banks. Through co-branded credit cards, the Group shares valuable customer base and promotion resources with these banks. As at 31 December 2011, the Group had more than 1,028,000 VIP customers, and sales from VIP customers accounted for approximately 62.1% of the Group s total GSP.
The Group is developing a leading intelligent e-platform in the industry. It is a customer-oriented platform which is built on an advanced Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system. Customer experience will be improved, operational efficiency will be elevated and new business value will be created through core elements of business intelligence (BI), supply chain management (SCM), customer relationship management (CRM), precision marketing (PM) and e-commerce.
This platform will become the new driving force of the Group s accelerating business growth and core competencies 
DEVELOPMENT OF NEW STORES In order to capture opportunities arising from the boom of China s consumer market in the future, the Group will continue to expedite its pace in new store development. In 2011, four new stores commenced operation and two stores enlarged their operating area which increased the Group s total gross floor area ( GFA ) by approximately 282,000 square meters.
In January 2012, three more new stores commenced operation and adding another 147,000 square meters to the Group s total GFA.
On 15 January 2011, Hefei Store, the Group s flagship store in Anhui Province, commenced soft opening. Hefei Store is located at the central business district of Hefei City, occupying a GFA of approximately 60,000 square meters. This store created synergy with the Group s Dadongmen Store and Baihuajing Store and established a solid foundation for the Group in the Hefei market.
On 15 April 2011, the extension of Nanjing Xianlin Store commenced operation, bringing the store s total GFA to approximately 43,000 square meters. By introducing the Outlet Mall business model in Nanjing for the first time, the store s ability to attract customers was enhanced and its sales performance was improved significantly.
On 20 May 2011, Kunming Store Phase 2 with a GFA of approximately 83,000 square meters commenced operation.
Together with the Kunming Store at the opposite side, the total GFA of Kunming Store has been increased to approximately 117,000 square meters. The introduction of stylish brands such as H&M and Studio A as well as auxiliary services offer such as cinemas and restaurants had successfully turned Kunming Store into a one-stop shopping destination encompassing department store, leisure, entertainment, dining, beauty care as well as pre-school education.
On 5 June 2011, Changzhou Jiahong Store with a GFA of approximately 33,000 square meters commenced soft opening.
The Group s two other stores in Changzhou are scheduled to be opened in 2012 and 2014. The synergy to be created among the three stores will establish a solid market position of the Group in Changzhou.
On 30 September 2011, Xi an Xiaozhai Store commenced operation with a GFA of approximately 19,000 square meters.
The store is located at the developed Xiaozhai business district in Xi an City. Leveraging on the strong supplier network of the former Xi an Guomao Store and extensive customer base, it is expected that its ramp-up period will be much shorter. The Group is planning to open its third Xi an store in 2012. By then, the three stores will increase the competitiveness of the Group in Xi an market.
On 23 December 2011, Jiangsu Suqian Store commenced operation with a GFA of approximately 67,000 square meters.
Located at the central business district of Suqian City and leveraged on its rich merchandise mix and new auxiliary services offer in the local market such as boutique supermarket, Suqian Store has quickly become the preferred shopping destination of mid-to-high-end customers in the local market.
On 12 January 2012, the Group s Jiangsu Liyang Store, Xuzhou People s Square Store and Kunming Nanya Store commenced operation on the same day. This not only reflects the Group s determination in accelerating our pace of store expansion despite the volatile and uncertain external economic environment, but also demonstrated the Group s superb execution capabilities in opening a number of new stores at the same time.
According to the development plan formulated by the Group in 2010, the Group has secured a number of locations for its new store expansion. It is anticipated that these new stores will increase the Group s total GFA by over 900,000 square meters in the coming three years. In the meantime, the Group will continue to actively identify opportunities that are in line with its development and investment returns strategy.

Looking ahead, China, being the second largest economy in the world, will undoubtedly play a more important role in the global economy, although China s own economic development is still subject to a lot of uncertainties and instabilities both externally and internally. China will lead the developing and emerging economies to drive the recovery and growth of the global economy in the years ahead.
It is the Chinese government s long-term objective to maintain a relatively fast economic growth. In the meantime, the government will use its best endeavors to restructure the economy. In light of this, the contribution from domestic consumption to China s economic growth will continue to play an important role in the foreseeable future. A series of measures such as increasing income levels, reducing taxation and perfecting social security system with an aim to expand domestic consumption are gradually achieving results. The rise of the middle class and the acceleration of the urbanisation process will further facilitate the growth of the overall retail industry.
The management is optimistic about China s economic development and growth of domestic consumption in the future. Therefore, we will continue to accelerate our pace of new chain stores development, which will reinforce our leading position in the industry. In the coming three years, the Group will continue to expand its store network briskly and steadily. The Group is planning to open 5-8 new stores every year in self-owned properties, long-term leased premises or via mergers and acquisitions so as to enhance the Group s market presence in Jiangsu, Anhui, Shaanxi and Yunnan Provinces. In the meantime, the Group will continue to enhance the performance of its existing chain stores through continuous merchandise adjustments and upgrades, creative and effective marketing and promotion campaigns and customer shopping experience refinement.
The management believes that by leveraging on its strong brand equity, prominent execution capabilities, sound balance sheet and loyal VIP customer base, the Group will be able to continue to maintain its leading position in the industry and bring better returns to its shareholders.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere appreciation for the devoted hard work of the management and all our staff members, as well as the support from our shareholders, government, business partners and loyal customers. In the coming year, the management and all staff members will continue to collaborate with each other, and be prepared to capture new opportunities and tackle challenges, striving to achieve greater success for the Group.
Wang Hung, Roger 
12 March 2012 