Chairman s Statement 
In 2014, the complicated and volatile global economy was characterised by the contrast between the United States recovery and Europe s sluggishness. The rise in the employment rate as a result of a faster economic recovery prompted the US government to conclude its quantitative easing policy in October. By contrast, the weakening economy made the Eurozone the most vulnerable part of the world s economy. Specifically, the Eurozone s low inflation, high unemployment rate and low industrial output has resulted in market expectation of persistent 
In China, factors including economic restructuring, slowdown in investment and periodic reversal of the real estate market have triggered the deceleration of economic growth. The Chinese government attempted to improve the operating environment of the retail sector and encourage consumption to stimulate domestic demand and promote sustainable economic growth through a number of measures such as proceed with the reform of income distribution system and improve the social security system. The country s reform measures and development policies are expected to pave the way for healthy and sustainable economic development in the long term.
China s gross domestic product ( GDP ) grew by 7.4% in 2014 to RMB63.6 trillion. The growth was the slowest since 1990, but was still faster than those of other major economies. The country s total retail sales of consumer goods grew by 12.0% to RMB26.2 trillion in 2014. Yet, the pace of growth was 1.1 percentage points lower than that recorded in 2013. Urban disposable income per capita increased by 9.0% to RMB28,844. If the price factor is excluded, the country s real GDP grew by 6.8%. Consumer price index was up by 2.0%.
Jiangsu Province, where the Group has already established a leading market position, achieved growth in GDP by 8.7% in 2014 to RMB6.5 trillion. Total retail sales of consumer goods in the province grew by 12.4% to RMB2.3 trillion, while urban disposable income per capita increased by 8.7% to RMB34,346.
BUSINESS OPERATION AND MANAGEMENT Affected by the decelerating macroeconomic growth at home, China s mid-to-high-end retailers saw their business slowing down in 2014. Meanwhile, the emerging e-commerce has been reshaping the consumption habit of the Chinese consumers, affecting the operations of traditional department stores. The impact could not be neglected.
Gross sales proceeds ( GSP ) of the Group decreased by 5.9% to RMB15.8 billion due to a number of factors, such as the change in global economic environment, competition from new modes of retailing, the one-off effect of the upgrade and expansion of the Group s flagship store, Nanjing Xinjiekou Store, and the high base caused by the speculative demand for gold and jewellery in 2013. Profit from operations decreased by 12.7% to RMB1.3 billion while net profit for the year declined by 12.5% to RMB 1,080 million. Same-store sales growth ( SSSG ) decreased by 5.5%.
Leveraging on the development trends in China mid-to-high-end retail industry, the Group accelerated its strategic transformation from fashion department store to comprehensive lifestyle shopping center , vigorously introduced specialty brands and continued to optimise merchandise mix in order to further enhance its competitiveness and inject new impetus in sales and profit growth.

In terms of the introduction of specialty brands. Time Valle, a high-end watch brand collection shop, held its grand opening in the Group s Nanjing Xinjiekou Store in March 2015. With its collection of a large number of top-tier international watch brands like VACHERON CONSTANTIN and IWC, the shop integrates the watch purchase process with sharing of watch histories and watchmaking technologies which offers unique and exclusive customised services to its target customers. In order to meet the needs of younger customers, on top of the introduction of international fast fashion name brands into the floor area, the Group also introduced ALVEARE (a self-operated Korean fashion collection shop by the Group), as well as creative living collection shops in its stores.

Performance enhancement of categories with high growth potential. During the year, the Group focused on performance enhancement of cosmetics, outdoors and sportswear, children s wear and toys product categories with high sales growth potential. The sales in outdoors and sportswear product category increased by 19.3% to RMB775 million. The Group also actively explores new categories of goods, such as creative home appliances and air purifiers. These products not only meet the needs of high quality living, but also boost the stores sales productivity and profitability per square meter.

Investment in and cooperation with controllable merchandise resources. In order to offer customers with comprehensive and unique merchandise and increase its profit margins continuously, the Group cooperates closely with high quality brands by ways of buyout, distribution arrangements and equity investments. As at the end of 2014, the Group owns 47 controllable merchandise brands, including domestic and international specialty brands from Australia, France and Korea.

Optimisation of business model. The Group strives to transform the cooperation relationship with established famous brands which have a steady and growing sales performance, from concessionaire contract to direct sales business model. This optimisation not only strengthens the mutual beneficial cooperation between the Group and the brand suppliers, but also enhances the Group s ability of single-product management, improves brand sales, effectively reduces the Group s risk of launching new proprietary brands into markets under direct sales business model and helps the Group to generate higher operating profit.

Building star business and investing in brands. The Group actively explored the premium supermarket segment, developed and operated self-owned supermarket brand G-MART, and strived to build a star business with strong attraction, fast growing performance and high level of profitability. The G-MART at Nanjing Xinjiekou Lifestyle Center, with an operating area of approximately 3,700 square meters and offers a variety of gourmet products including organic foods, fresh fruits and vegetables, imported goods, fine gifts, special light meals and health tonic, has achieved encouraging growth since its opening. It has already become the premium supermarket with best quality and highest sales performance in town. Meanwhile, the business development of the Group s brand investment was also very encouraging. Mr. Pizza, the No.1 pizza brand in Korea, has opened five stores in the Group s chain stores, bringing a large volume of foot traffic to the related chain stores and showing rapid growth in revenue. In particular, Mr. Pizza at Nanjing Xinjiekou Store recorded revenue of over RMB13.0 million within eight months of operation since its opening.
In order to create new growth momentum, the Group also integrated all its marketing resources and focused on 68 BIG DAYS in 19 key marketing campaigns throughout the year. The Group coordinated and allocated marketing resources among its chain stores and carried out unified promotional campaigns with major supplier brand names of cosmetics, gold and jewellery and apparel to achieve growth in both sales and operating profit of the Group. In the second half of the year, through the joint efforts and execution of each chain store, the Group s sales on the Single s Day increased by 24.0% to RMB69 million, and its sales during Christmas increased by 16.0% to RMB190 million. The more exciting is that the Group s sales on Valentine s Day increased by 100% to RMB240 million.
The Group has endeavored to increase the number of its VIP customers, enhance the service quality offer, enrich the content of VIP customer services and gradually build an O2O (Online to Offline) business model that suits the business development of the Company, thus improving the Group s overall performance.

Expanding the VIP customer base. The Group further strengthened its cooperation with banks in the joint credit card business, and issued joint credit cards with the China Construction Bank and the Bank of Communications during the year. At the same time, the Group issued trial Hipster Card to younger customers to actively expand its younger customers base. As at 31 December 2014, the Group had approximately 1,710,000 VIP customers. Sales to VIP customers accounted for approximately 55.5% of the Group s total GSP while sales to VIP customers at mature stores accounted for over 58.0% on average.

Enriching the content of VIP customer service and enhancing the service quality. Through continuous new business investment, the Group s VIP member cards now covers on-line and off-line comprehensive lifestyle services in various functions such as fashion shopping, dining and leisure, hotel services, luxury automobile sales and integrated services, marine life exhibition, iPoint reward points redemption platform, online supermarket and overseas shopping.

The Group continued to implement its Omni-Channel marketing through various channels such as mobile phone application goodee mobile App (c N), the WeChat social network platform and the Electronic VIP Card, to build and develop marketing channels with high efficiency and low cost. Such moves effectively deliver real-time information about sales promotion to customers, optimise customer shopping experience, enable them to enjoy various VIP value-added services more easily and further stimulate their shopping desire. As at the end of 2014, the goodee mobile App application has registered over 2 million downloads, representing an increase of 100% as compared to those in 2013 and had over 750,000 VIP customers who connected their VIP cards with the goodee mobile App application. The goodee mobile App is the most active mobile application in China s department store industry.
CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT AND OPENING OF NEW STORES The Group has accurately analysed the competitive landscape of China s mid-to-high-end retail industry, taking advantage of various resources such as merchandises, marketing and customer service accumulated over the past years and fully implemented the comprehensive lifestyle concept in 2014. Since 2014, the Group opened five new comprehensive lifestyle centers, increasing the Group s total number of lifestyle centers to seven. Moreover, additional floor area has commenced operation in Changzhou Jiahong Store. The newly opened stores and the enlarged old stores together boosted the total gross floor area of chain stores by approximately 305,000 square 
On 24 January 2014, the gross floor area ( GFA ) of Changzhou Jiahong Store was increased by approximately 18,400 square meters to approximately 51,800 square meters, which include an interactive aquarium. With the expansion of the store, Changzhou Jiahong Store became the first of its kind to have introduced aquarium into department stores in China, attracting a large number of customers. Together with other new features, including premium supermarket, casual dining and other business functions, had created new growth momentum for the store, and further enhanced the synergies among Changzhou Jiahong Store, Changzhou Wujin Store and Liyang Store, helping to solidify the Group s position in the Changzhou market.
On 26 April 2014, Xinjiekou Lifestyle Center, the prototype of the Group s comprehensive lifestyle center located at Nanjing Xinjiekou Store Block B, commenced trial operation. The newly opened commercial area in Block B with 81,100 square meters, and the existing operating area in Block A, are connected by a space corridor, an elevated glass walkway, from the third to sixth floors, bringing the total operating area to over 114,500 square meters. The area for comprehensive lifestyle functions and amenities accounted for 31.8% of the total operating area of Xinjiekou Lifestyle Store. The diversified merchandise and amenities offers effectively attracted foot traffic and brought in young and fashionable consumers. Since the opening of Block B, Xinjiekou Store s sales have been improving quickly month by month, further reinforcing the Group s leading position in Nanjing.
On 6 September 2014, Yancheng Julonghu Store, which is the Group s second lifestyle center in Yancheng, commenced trial operation. The store is located at the core business area of southern Yancheng City with GFA of approximately 110,800 square meters and with 34.8% of the total operating area for comprehensive lifestyle functions and amenities. This store integrated an aquarium, a family entertainment park, a premium supermarket, specialty food and drink stores and other multi-function business functions. It not only brought a whole new shopping experience to the local customers, but also boosted growth in earnings for itself. During its 114 days of operation, GSP of this store has reached over RMB100 million. Yancheng Julonghu Store, Yancheng Store and Yancheng Outlet Store have formed a conglomerate for coordinated development, which helps to reinforce the Group s leading position in the local market.
On 20 December 2014, Nantong Yuanrong Store, the Group s second store as well as the first comprehensive lifestyle center in Nantong, commenced trial operation. This store is located at the core business area in Nantong with GFA of approximately 94,700 square meters. Yuanrong Store introduced various feature brands and comprehensive business forms in Nantong for the first time and quickly became the new business landmark in Nantong. The foot traffic has reached over 300,000 and GSP reached over RMB15.0 million during its first three days 
On 1 January 2015, the Group s Danyang Lifestyle Center commenced trial operation. This store is located at the core business area of Danyang downtown with a GFA of approximately 53,000 square meters. The store adopts a fashionable street layout catering for the needs of daily life. Danyang Lifestyle Center has introduced a premium supermarket, special cuisines, a family entertainment park and other lifestyle business functions, which enhanced the shopping experience of the local customers. With mutual supports from Danyang Golden Eagle Tiandi Plaza, the first one-stop commercial complex with 360,000 square meters in Danyang, foot traffic of the store reached 180,000 during its first three days of operation.
On 31 January 2015, the Group s Kunshan Lifestyle Center commenced trial operation. This store is located at the core business area of Kunshan downtown with GFA of 118,500 square meters, and has integrated fashion shopping, catering, family entertainment, leisure and artistic activities in one, bringing a fashionable and innovative lifestyle shopping experience to customers. With mutual supports from Kunshan Golden Eagle Tiandi Plaza, a commercial complex with GFA of over 1 million square meters, the GSP of the store reached over RMB11.50 million during its first four days of operation.
On 8 October 2014, as the landlord failed to provide the property where Xi an Xiaozhai Store is located in the agreed conditions, after prudent and careful consideration, the Group has decided to suspend operation of the store on the ground that the store is unable to maintain its normal operation with the lack of core operating area.
The Group is actively looking for a new location which suits the development of lifestyle center to further consolidate and expand the Group s market position in Xi an.
On 28 October 2014, as the landlord failed to provide property with reasonable conditions as agreed for Hefei Suzhou Road Store Block C, it was difficult for Block C to operate under normal conditions. After careful and thorough consideration, the Group decided to reduce its operating area at Block C, with GFA of approximately 14,200 square meters. The reduction of Block C operating area will help Hefei Suzhou Store to optimise its business resources and thus improve operating results.
Based on the sites secured by the Group for its new store expansion, the Group will press on with the plan to increase the GFA of its chain stores by approximately 1.45 million square meters in the next three years. Majorities of the stores will be in the form of lifestyle center and customised according to the location and shopping habits of the local customers so as to establish a distinctive format and increase the Group s competitiveness. Furthermore, the Group will continue to focus on high-quality premises that are suitable for the comprehensive lifestyle concept, that the Group can operate steadily in a long term cost-effective manner with considerable scale and enriched service 
During the period under review, in order to continuously increase the competitiveness in this rapid changing retail environment, the Group has acquired marine world business and entered into the relevant contract for the acquisition of automobile sales and integrated services business, accelerated the strategic transformation from fashion department store to comprehensive lifestyle shopping center , provided more customised and unique value-added services to VIP customers and strengthened the Group s competitiveness and profitability. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to actively seek for opportunities of investment, co-operation, merger and acquisition that can fulfil the Group s development and investment strategies and objectives, hence laying a solid foundation for the Group s business expansion.

Since 2014, the Chinese government has adopted a series of policies to revive the decelerating economy. However, due to the periodic reversal in the real estate sector and the economic restructuring, the economic growth rate in 2014 hit a historical low. As part of the government s measures to stimulate the economy, the country s central bank announced interest rate cuts in March 2015 again for RMB loans and deposits in financial institutions. This will expand the floating range of interest rates, allowing the market to take a more decisive role in allocating resources, stimulating consumption and reducing the finance cost for companies, bringing more opportunities for retail industry to recover. At present, China s economic restructuring has reached a crucial stage, and the Chinese government will implement a series of fiscal and monetary measures to further stimulate consumers demand in the future. The retail industry will seek for more opportunities for development amid the country s economic 
The management remains cautiously optimistic about China s economic development and growth in domestic consumption in the future. In 2015, the Group will implement more proactive and effective measures to explore effective ways, including introducing unique and innovative functions and amenities into the floor area, enhancing the sales performance and profitability of the well established stores, shortening the ramp-up and nurturing period of new stores, so as to further consolidate and reinforce its leading position in the industry. These measures include: (i) further optimising and upgrading the mix of merchandise and lifestyle functions and amenities in the floor area, prioritising the development and sales of new product categories with high growth potential, and enhancing its comprehensive lifestyle centers so that they are suitable for shopping, leisure and gathering of the people; (ii) continuing to utilise the Group s integrated marketing edges during key promotional campaigns, improving the goodee mobile App (c N) on mobile device, optimising the O2O (Online to Offline) business model, implementing Omni-Channel marketing and electronicalised business model (FURP[S), developing new and unique businesses and services that meet the demand of VIP customers and enhancing customer satisfaction and loyalty which enabling the Group to accelerate growth and improve results; (iii) continuously obtaining controllable merchandise resources, strengthening its competitiveness and laying a solid foundations for the Group s development of e-commerce; and (iv) fostering the formation of core senior management which is ready for future 
Upon the one-off effect of the upgrade and expansion of Nanjing Xinjiekou Lifestyle Center, coupled with the positive results brought by the lifestyle center business model, the Group s operating performance is expected to have room and opportunities for improvement in the year 2015.
Meanwhile, the Group will also steadily develop its new chain stores. We will ensure that each new store will be managed by a pragmatic and efficient management team with unique and distinctive collection of brands, which will strive to shorten the ramp-up period of the new stores. In the next three years, the Group will continue to reinforce its leading position in the industry and solidify its presence in the regions of Jiangsu, Anhui, Shaanxi and Yunnan Provinces, where the Group already has business presence, by prudently operating comprehensive lifestyle centers at self-owned properties or premises with long-term leases or through mergers and acquisitions. The move will strengthen the Group s competitive strength for long-term business growth. We will also proactively identify opportunities for co-operation and collaboration with leading enterprises in the related industries.
With its strong brand equity, prominent execution capability, sound financial position and a loyal VIP customer base, the Group will continue to endeavor in achieving satisfactory returns to its shareholders.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere appreciation for the devoted hard work of the management and all our staff members, as well as the support from our shareholders, business partners and loyal customers. In the coming year, the Group s management and all staff members will continue to collaborate with each other, and will be prepared to capture new opportunities and tackle challenges, striving to achieve greater success for the Group.
Wang Hung, Roger 
23 March 2015 