Chairman s Statement 
During 2012, China s economy continued to face challenges stemming from the complicated and volatile national and international economic conditions. The Euro-zone debt crisis is still the most dominant risk factor casting a long shadow over the global economy. To avoid the economy from worsening, the Federal Reserve of the US has launched the third round of quantitative easing policy, or QE3. Despite that, the pace of recovery remained slow.
Meanwhile, as the property cooling measures weighed heavily on the real estate sector, China s economic growth inevitably slowed down and domestic consumption remained sluggish. These factors have brought certain impact on domestic consumption and the retail industries.
In order to tackle the complicated and volatile global and national economic conditions, the Chinese government has introduced a slew of economic policies in 2012 aiming to ease the liquidity and stabilise the currency. During the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, the New Four Modernisations were introduced, including industrialisation , informatisation , urbanisation and agriculturalisation , with Chinese characteristics.
It is believed that the new economic campaign would help driving the domestic investment and consumption as part of the transformation of China s economy. Since the fourth quarter last year, there were clear signs that China s economy had bottomed out, which created favourable conditions for the recovery of consumption and the retail 
Overall, China s gross domestic product ( GDP ) climbed 7.8% year-on-year in 2012 to reach RMB51.9 trillion. The growth was the slowest since 1999, but was still faster than other major countries and regions around the world.
Total retail sales of consumer goods grew 14.3% year-on-year to RMB21.0 trillion. Yet, the pace of growth was 2.8 percentage points slower than that recorded last year. Urban disposable income per capita increased 12.6% year- on-year, reaching RMB24,565. Excluding the price factor, the increase was 9.6% in real terms. Consumer price index was up 2.6% year-on-year over the same period.
Jiangsu Province region, where the Group has already established a leading market position, achieved a GDP growth of 10.1% during 2012, which reached RMB5.4 trillion. Total retail sales of consumer goods grew 15.0% year- on-year to RMB1.8 trillion, while urban disposable income per capita increased 12.7% over the same period. These economic indicators confirmed the Group s strong belief of pursuing further development in the Jiangsu Province 
Anhui Province region, the new focus of the Group s strategic development, achieved a GDP growth of 12.1% during 2012, which reached RMB1.7 trillion. Total retail sales of consumer goods grew 16.0% to RMB0.6 trillion while urban disposable income per capita increased 13.0% over the same period. These key indicators of economic growth are also above the national average.
BUSINESS OPERATION AND MANAGEMENT Due to various macroeconomic factors within and outside China, the growth of China s mid-to-high-end retailors began to slow down in 2012. However, with joint efforts of our staff, the Group still managed to record steady improvements in its results. During 2012, the gross sales proceeds ( GSP ) of the Group reached RMB16.3 billion, representing an increase of 13.8% year-on-year. Net profit amounted to RMB1.2 billion, representing an increase of 0.5% as compared to last year. Same store sales growth ( SSSG ) also maintained a stable growth pace of 6.1%.
The Group s chain stores continued to employ various effective methods to meet consumers growing demand and build momentum for its chain-store sales. Through integrated merchandising and operation management, the Group s chain stores were able to carry out an extensive revamp of its brand and merchandise mix, while continuing to satisfy local consumers demand for merchandise upgrade by introducing internationally renowned brands to major chain stores in the second and third-tier cities, aiming to further enhance the Group s local brand image and market share. For example, Xuzhou Store and Yangzhou Store introduced brands such as COACH, CHANEL and CLARINS; Yancheng Store introduced SK-II and CLARINS; Taizhou Store introduced ESTEE LAUDER; whereas Huai an Store introduced LANCOME and Kunming Store introduced LONGCHAMP. On the other hand, the Group has also been actively developing its lifestyle experience department stores by entering into various flexible strategic investment arrangements or joint ventures with business partners, and has been gradually bringing in Apple premium reseller - Studio A, Mega City Food Court (cptW4X) and renowned aquariums to enhance the service mix provided, thereby further boosting customer traffic in the stores as well as providing a more comprehensive shopping experience for customers. For instance, Studio A was introduced in Xuzhou Store, Changzhou Wujin Store, Yangzhou Store and Yangzhou Jinghua Store this year and there were a total of nine Studio A stores occupying spaces in the Group s stores.
The Group continues to provide the most innovative and enhanced services to our VIP customers. The goodee mobile App (c N) mobile phone application was introduced in December 2012 to provide personalised and distinguished service information, such as VIP membership award points and shopping record enquiries, parking alerts, exclusive promotions and new products information. As at the date of this report, the application has been downloaded for over 80,000 times. Furthermore, the Group continues to expand its collaboration with various banks.
Through co-branded credit cards, the Group shares valuable customer base and marketing resources with these banks. As at the end of 2012, the Group had more than 1,170,000 VIP customers, which accounts for approximately 58.0% of the Group s total GSP, whereas sales from VIP customers at established stores exceeded 64.0% on average of the GSP for such stores.
The Group placed great importance on the improvement and enhancement of existing chain stores. In December 2012, the Group restructured the management of the Group s various major chain stores and their respective neighbouring chain stores by establishing six management regions, including Nanjing and Southern Jiangsu, Central Jiangsu, Northern Jiangsu, Hefei, Xi an and Kunming, with a dedicated regional general manager being responsible for the distribution and allocation of resources across each region. Such restructuring has successfully preserved the Group s existing vertical management style, while effectively integrating the region s merchandising and operational resources at no extra costs. This arrangement has also accelerated the growth of new stores, shortened the ramp-up period and hence boosted the overall performance of our chain stores in the region.
In June 2012, all of the Group s chain stores were connected to and operating on the industry-leading intelligent e-platform that was based on an advanced SAP system adopted by many Fortune 500 companies. With this platform as a foundation, various new business application sub-systems were thereafter developed to provide customer-oriented services; as well as making this platform the new driving force behind the Group s rapid growth and core competitiveness. In November 2012, the Group s chain stores in the Nanjing area were amongst those earliest stores which introduced the mobile POS payment system. The system significantly enhanced customers shopping experience and needs. The supplier relations management system provided valuable product sales information and related value-added services for suppliers, allowing the chain stores and suppliers a more timely, accurate and better understanding of the ever-changing consumer habits, so as to improve sales performance.
Trial run of the system started in February 2013 at Xi an Gaoxin Store.
OPENING OF NEW STORES AND CHAIN DEVELOPMENT During 2012, the Group opened a total of five new stores and added new retail space to the Huaibei Store and the Yancheng Store. The total gross floor area ( GFA ) of the Group s chain stores increased by approximately 238,700 square meters . The pace of new stores opening remained steadfast.
On 8 January 2012, new retail space of approximately 7,700 square meters was added to the lower basement of Huaibei Store and the aggregate GFA of the Huaibei Store increased to approximately 34,700 square meters, providing a new driving force for growth.
On 12 January 2012, three new stores of the Group commenced operation on the same day, which fully demonstrated the Group s prominent execution capabilities of planning new stores in several districts concurrently.
The new stores included: Kunming Nanya Store is situated in the emerging central business district ( CBD ) in southern Kunming City with a total GFA of approximately 36,900 square meters, surrounded by a huge potential consumer base in its peripheral area. Upon its opening, the synergies created with Kunming Store strengthened the Group s mid-to- high-end retail market development in Kunming; Liyang Store is situated in the CBD of Liyang City with a total GFA of approximately 71,800 square meters.
The store was the first chain store opened by the Group with an intention to penetrate into county level cities in southern Jiangsu Province. The store quickly gained popularity among the local consumers after it commenced operation; and Xuzhou People s Square Store, being the second chain store of the Group in Xuzhou, is also located in the prime shopping district in Xuzhou with a total GFA of approximately 37,800 square meters. The Group s leading position in Xuzhou and its peripheral area was further strengthened after this store was opened.
On 18 May 2012, Yancheng Outlet, comprising a total GFA of approximately 18,400 square meters, commenced operation and introduced the Outlet Mall business model that has been successfully operating in Nanjing to Yancheng for the first time. Meanwhile, Yancheng Outlet is located in Golden Eagle Tiandi Mall ()Y0W4X), a commercial complex with GFA of 320,000 square meters. It was designed as a one-stop stylish shopping destination encompassing shopping, leisure, entertainment, dining as well as a weekend destination.
Changzhou Wujin Store, which is located in the prime shopping district in Wujin business district of Changzhou, commenced operation on 19 May 2012. The store comprises a total GFA of approximately 55,200 square meters.
Leveraging on its rich merchandise mix and new auxiliary services offered in the local market, the store quickly became a preferred shopping destination for mid-to-high-end customers in Wujin business district. Synergies have been created among Changzhou Wujin Store, Changzhou Jiahong Store and Liyang Store, which laid a solid foundation for the Group to establish a leading position in the Changzhou market.
On 8 July 2012, new retail space with GFA of approximately 11,000 square meters was added to the lower basement of Yancheng Store and the aggregate GFA of Yancheng Store increased to approximately 95,000 square meters.
After its expansion, not only has the store been well-equipped with adequate retail space in the prime area, but also more optimise with a more refined brand and merchandise portfolio, which in turn brings pleasant lifestyle shopping experiences to its customers. More traffic was diverted into the store and therefore further solidified Yancheng Store s leading position in the local market.
Suzhou Store was closed on 28 February 2013 due to the expiry of the lease. The Group has already identified a new retail location in the CBD of the Suzhou National New & Hi-tech Industrial Development Zone, which comprises GFA of more than 136,000 square meters. The store is expected to open in 2016.
The opening of the new stores during the year not only reflected the Group s determination to actively expand its stores network amid volatile and uncertain global economic environment, but also highlighted the Group s strategies of expansion of existing stores, single city, multiple stores and consolidation of leading position in the regional CBDs by operating lifestyle experienced department stores.
Based on the sites secured by the Group for its store expansion, it is anticipated that these stores will increase the GFA of the Group s chain stores by over 1.4 million square meters in the next four to five years. With these new store locations, the proportion of the Group s department stores operating at self-owned properties will be further increased, which in turn will ensure that the Group can operate steadily at high-quality premises with considerable scale and enriched service model in a long term cost-effective manner. In the meantime, the Group will continue to actively identify merger and acquisition opportunities that can fulfil its development and investment strategies and objectives, as well as provide effective supports to the Group s business expansion.

Although the US economy has been showing signs of recovery this year and the Japanese economy appears to be bottoming out due to a weakening Japanese yen, the debt crisis in Europe has not been resolved yet. The overall outlook of the global economy remains uncertain. Meanwhile, maintaining rapid development of a stable economy has always been the long-term goal of the Chinese government. Through the Four New Modernisations , particularly the urbanisation of rural areas, the Chinese government intends to initiate a new wave of infrastructure investments to offset the negative impacts of weak exports and property cooling measures imposed on economic development. As a result, the economy is expected to maintain a steady growth throughout 2013. Furthermore, the Chinese government has also approved plans to increase domestic demand as a long-term economic development strategy, utilising the power of consumption to stimulate economic growth. Domestic consumption is expected to increase, followed by the significant development of retailing business as income level increases, social welfare system improves and domestic consumption stimulus measures are gradually implemented. In the long run, the combination of rapid urbanisation and fast expansion of the middle-class will continue to benefit the long-term development of the Group s retailing business in second and third tier cities.
The management is cautiously optimistic about China s economic development and growth of domestic consumption in the future. In 2013, the Group will implement a series of proactive and effective measures to focus on shortening the ramp-up period and nurturing period of new stores before reaching maturity. We will also explore ways to enhance the sales performance and profitability of established stores. These measures will be reflected on: firstly, the improved resources reallocation contributed by regional management to effectively speed up new stores growth and development; secondly, the continuous enhancement of brand and merchandise mix and amenity services offered to boost sales. Together with the support of our mobile phone application goodee mobile App 
N), the provision of a comprehensive and innovative one-stop shopping experience to our customers.
Thirdly, take advantage on our industry-leading SAP management platform, we will continue to improve and utilise the speedy impact that business application sub-systems, such as supplier relations management and mobile POS payment system, have on our business expansion, operational efficiency enhancement and creation of new business value; and finally, we will continue to provide innovative, practical and comprehensive staff training programmes so as to enhance the customer services provided by our front line employees.
The Group will also continue to maintain an established and steady pace of new chain stores development. We will remain persistent that each new store shall be managed by a pragmatic and efficient management team with a strong brand resources, which will further shorten the ramp-up period of new stores, and further reinforce our leading position in the industry. The Group will continue to expand and solidify its market presence in Jiangsu, Anhui, Shaanxi and Yunnan Provinces through self-owned properties, long-term leased premises or via mergers and acquisitions, and to proactively identify co-operation and collaboration opportunities with leading enterprises in related industries. The Group will also explore market opportunities in those provincial capital cities with strong economic potential, so as to further expand the coverage of our chain store network.
The management believes that, by leveraging on its strong brand equity, prominent execution capability, sound financial position and loyal VIP customer base, the Group will be able to maintain its leading position in the industry and bring pleasing returns to its shareholders.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere appreciation for the devoted hard work of the management and all our staff members, as well as the support from our shareholders, business partners and loyal customers. In the coming year, the Group s management and all staff members will continue to collaborate with each other, and will be prepared to capture new opportunities and tackle challenges, striving to achieve greater success for the Group.
Wang Hung, Roger 
22 March 2013 