CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Niu Ximing Chairman In 2015, all my colleagues in BoCom adhered to the spirit of enterprise, which comprises Promote development with unremitting effort, Consolidate enterprise with absolute responsibility, Transcend limitations with endless creativity . We worked together with steely determination to overcome obstacles, enabled businesses to maintain steady development, reformation and innovation witnessed fresh progress, driven by deepened reformation and guided by the theme of transformation development. We hereby present this 
Development: Making Progress While 
In unpredictable and complex circumstances, under multiple pressures including decline in demand of credit line, continuous narrowing of level of credit spreads and remained high level of risk pressure, we have adjusted our strategic focus and development strategies accordingly.
On one hand, we focused on transformation, actively adjusted our business structure. On the other hand, we vigorously enhanced mechanism construction, meant to strengthen infrastructure. Benefiting from forward-looking and fast action, the operation performance maintained a steady growth in 2015. As at the end of 2015, the Group s total assets increased by 14.15% from the beginning of the year and the net profit increased by 1.03% on a year-on-year basis; return on average assets (ROAA) and return on average shareholders equity (ROAE) decreased by 0.08 percentage point and 1.36 percentage points respectively on a year-on-year basis to 1.00% and 13.43%. The Group s non-performing loan ratio increased 0.26 percentage point from beginning of the year to 1.51%. Asset quality kept stable. The capital adequacy ratio was 13.49%, which was higher than the average level of commercial banks.
Transformation: Yielding Impressive Results Facing the adjustment of economic structure and changes in the way of development, we made arrangements in advance, sought changes for survival, and clarified the Four Standards, Six Fields and Eight Types of Business of transformation development, committed to achieve efficient growth with low capital consumption and low 
We carried forward the BoCom Strategy resolutely. The institution building in Luxembourg (Europe), Brisbane (Oceania), Brazil (South America) and etc. has achieved positive progress. Financial markets, asset custody and asset management businesses, as well as subsidiaries businesses have expanded overseas through various approaches; the Group s financial landscape continues to expand; and the capability of the cross-border, cross-industry and cross-market services boosted continuously. The proportions of profits from overseas banking entities and holding subsidiaries to the total profits of the Group increased by 0.65 percentage point and 1.47 percentage points to 6.15% and 4.47% on a year-on-year basis, respectively. The contribution of internationalization and integration to the Group has 
We adjusted the business strategy timely. By enlarging asset scale, reducing liability costs, and maintaining the steady growth of interest income, in 2015, the Group s net interest income increased by 6.97% on a year-on- year basis to RMB144.172 billion. We also insisted on innovation-driven development, vigorously promoted the development of emerging business and low capital business, continued to increase the proportion of non- interest income. In 2015, net fee and commission income was RMB35.027 billion, representing a year- on-year increase of 18.32%; the proportion of fee and commission income increased by 1.43% on a year-on- year basis to 18.00%.
We explored the transformation of operation mode. We continued to promote the transformation of operating mode of combination of physical outlets, e-banking and customer managers, and the diversion rate of e-banking services increased by 5 percentage points to 88.13% from the beginning of the year. The new generation of business system, which was built by mobilizing the whole Bank for 5 years, launched successfully in all domestic branches, laying a solid foundation for product innovation, customer expansion, efficiency improvement and risk management. Based on enhanced application of information technology and the construction of finance network, we actively explored the internet finance , set up the Internet Financial Business Center, and promoted the construction of the Second BoCom .

As a pioneer and pathfinder of China s financial reformation, BoCom s reformation and innovation philosophy is much deeply entrenched. In the tide of further strengthen reform in China, we are entrusted with an important task again to take up the mission as a pioneer of the reform of large-scale commercial banks. In June 2015, BoCom took the lead in getting approval from the State Council for its reformation strengthening plan, which marked the beginning of a new era of reforming China s banking sector. Continuing to be market- oriented, we are committed to unleashing operating vitality, improving core competitiveness and enhancing key performance benchmarks through innovation of system and mechanism. We have strengthened top- level design with focus on key fields, with the reformation starting from the priorities, the most urgent matters, key concerns of investors and the most prominent problems that restrict the development of business. We actively explored the governance mechanism for large-scale commercial banks with Chinese characteristics and accelerated the establishment of the Group s unified authorized operation system. With great efforts made on transformation and innovation of operating mode, we actively carried forward divisional structure reformation, subsidiary reformation and internationalization strategy.
We strengthened the reformation of commercial bank internal operating mechanism with focus on the performance remuneration mechanism, in which we established a professional manager system and promoted an all-product pricing assessment covering all personnel.
We have completed preliminary the reformation of the responsibility development system, the mechanism to investigate the risk management responsibility and the divisional structure, while other projects are progressing in an orderly way, which have and will continue to bring new energy and vitality to the development of BoCom.
Service: Preserving Satisfaction As a large state-owned financial enterprise, harmony and integrity has always been our principle. We are committed to growing with the society and continue to pursue excellence, by proactively fulfilling our modern corporate social responsibilities and maximizing the interests of all stakeholders, including shareholders, clients and employees. We combined and fulfilled our social responsibility and our operation management in an organic way. Aimed to be the best financial service provider in China, we are constantly upgrading our services and devoted to making it our core competitiveness. We ranked number 1 in China Retail Banking Satisfaction Study for the second year in a row, and 20 outlets in total were honored as Top 100 by the China Banking Association in 2015, making us stay at the first position in term of the number of outlets awarded.
Outlook: Keen determination and sincere 
The environment is changing rapidly where new contradictions are aggregating, new challenges are emerging, new rules are brewing and new forces are sprouting. In the surging torrent of history, the ship of BoCom should buffet her way through the waves with both robustness and flexibility, to find a balance between change and adherence. What we need to avoid is the inertial ways of thinking as well as inflexible and rigid system, and the obsolete operating mode. What we need to insist is the composure and endurance to control the situation in an all-round manner, the faith in long-term steady development of commercial banks, the risk philosophy of organic balance between the current nature of profits and the hysteretic nature of risks, the operating way of coordination and integration of security, liquidity and profitability , as well as the consistent reformation gene and entrepreneurial passion 
In the coming year, we will adhere to the purpose of co-existence with the real economy with common prosperity, and firmly establish the development concept of innovation, harmony, green, openness and sharing .
We will implement further innovation of our service mode, to resolve challenges that we face in development and to build new growth momentum by way of innovation.
We take an active part in national key projects such as Belt and Road Initiatives , Made in China 2025 , Chinese enterprises Go Global , Integration of Beijing- Tianjin-Hebei and Yangtze River Economic Zone . In the view that win-win cooperation is the foundation of long-term development, we prioritize projects in fields including livelihood security, consumption upgrading and new urbanization, setting up government-sector funds, high-end equipment manufacturing, in order to improve our comprehensive financial service level. In the context of Mass Entrepreneurship and Innovation, we will explore and improve the service model of internet finance and all-inclusive finance, striving to build our characteristics in supporting small and micro enterprises, especially those in technology industry.
In the coming year, we will continue the BoCom Strategy resolutely and boost the capability of the cross-border, cross-industry and cross-market services continuously. Seizing strategic opportunities arising from the 13th Five Year Plan , we will increase the proportion of international and comprehensive businesses, so as to bring the financial service in cross-border market to a higher level in an all-around way. We will gradually integrate all factors including products, services, pricing, channel, information technology system from front and middle offices and different industries, not only to serve the customers in China market with our advantages of mobilizing fund, pricing and products around the globe, but also to serve customers from international market with our advantage in China market and Renminbi market, so that the BoCom Strategy can lead the transformation development and drive the overall operation and development.
In the coming year, we will insist the principle of operating stably and make efforts to maintain the stability of asset quality. Under the economic effect of three period superimposed and the credit assets quality 357 effect (refers to the cycle of the credit assets, with reference to the notation that the assets upon delivery would initially reflect some drawbacks within first 3 years, lead to actual problems within 5 years, and finally turned into bad debts within 7 years), the banks asset quality has been stressed from all directions, and the coming de-capacity, de-stocking and de-leverage in the economic field will bring more challenges to risk management. As for a commercial bank, asset security is above all else. We will build a solid risk dam and stick to the risk bottom line by continuously improving the comprehensive risk control system with full coverage and whole process , attaching importance to key branches, key fields and key businesses, and taking measures such as integrated management and control, name-list system management, restructuring and collection so as to hold on to the risk minimum.
In the coming year, we will also further strengthen the reformation stoutly. We will continue to perform the three tasks which include exploring corporate governance mechanism with Chinese characteristics for large commercial banks, further reforming internal operation mechanism of commercial banks and transforming the operation mode of commercial banks. In addition, we will accelerate progress of reformation strengthening projects, thereby going through development shackles.
Moreover, we will drive the transformation development to lay a solid foundation for centenary BoCom dream and to seek a broader ocean for ship of Chinese financial industry on waves.
Only the one who makes practice knows what it is.
No risk frightens us, as no difficulty discourages us.
We believe that by getting ready for new challenges and opportunities, we can continue to do well in 2016 and meet the keen expectations from the investors and 
