STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN
During 2016, China’s development was
confronted by challenges related to a
range of evolving risks and uncertainties,
as well their interdependency, both at
home and abroad. China’s economy
maintained stable growth, albeit at
a slightly lower rate, with continuing
economic transformation and
upgrading providing momentum to
sustain continued development. The
Group proactively pursued the myriad
opportunities and actively managed
the challenges related to the current
environment. As at the end of the year,
the Group’s assets exceeded RMB8
trillion and net profit increased by 1.03%
year on year for 2016, maintaining a trend
of stable development. In particular, the
decrease in net interest margin, resulting
from ongoing interest rate liberalization,
was offset by robust non-interest
income growth and effective cost
reduction, resulting in an unchanged
level of profit growth compared to last
year. The Group has made remarkable
progress in restructuring its businesses
and developing its management.
An ancient Chinese poem reads, “Colorful flowers always
dazzle the eyes”. In this regard, it is critical to establish
a proper direction of growth and development in the
current complex environment based on of the Group’s
demonstrated capability and strategic interests. In
support of the state’s “13th Five-Year-Plan”, the Bank
released Outline of BoCom Development Plan for the
Period of the 13th Five-Year Plan (the “Plan”) upon
deliberation by the Board of Directors. The Plan sets
out three key tasks – deepening reform, promoting
transformation development and strengthening Party
self-discipline, three key points – risk management,
interest spread management and cost management
– and three key targets – stable profit growth, steady
asset quality and new achievements in risk event
prevention and control. We further detailed the Plan to
include three customer oriented development agenda
– corporate, retail and interbank, and sub-sections of
credit authorization, risk management and information
technology. This refinement has been reflected in every
aspect of the Group’s development transformation and
Party building.
Based on both past experience and looking forward
into the future, the following key areas are crucial to the
success of the Plan and they will continue to serve as a
firm foundation for BoCom well into the future.
First, we maintained an intense focus on serving the real
economy. We firmly implemented the decisions of Party
Central Committee and State Council and closely adhered
to their most fundamental objective, serving the real
economy. We continued to increase financing levels to
advance supply-side structural reforms and support five
major tasks – de-capacity, de-stocking, de-leveraging,
cost reduction, and weakness remediation. Specifically,
during 2016, the Group’s Renminbi-dominated loans
increased by RMB300.883 billion, refinancing of existing
debt reached RMB687.279 billion, and investments
in local bonds amounted to RMB418.957 billion,
all supporting the real economy. Further, in order to
calibrate our efforts to more effectively promote supplyside
structural reforms, we closely monitored changes in
government policies and corporate demands. We also
made efforts to reduce borrower financing costs and
improved our ability to meet the needs of small and
micro enterprise businesses by establishing the Small
Enterprise Finance Department at both Head Office and
branches, and building specialized teams responsible
for small and micro enterprises in bank outlets. We
also provided strong support to enterprises engaged
in technology innovation by creating the Technology
Finance Business Division at Head Office. Our persistence
enabled us to achieve the goal of “Three No Less Than”.
Loans granted to industries with significant overcapacity
decreased by 0.4 percentage point from the beginning
of the year. We passionately believe that innovation is
the source of sustainable development, but, financial
innovation separating from the real economy will be a
rootless tree. Going forward, consistent with the State’s
regional policies and industrial policies, we will increase
efforts to advance innovation in products and services
to meet the demands of the real economy, enhancing
the relevance and flexibility of financial services, to
more effectively allocate financial resources to the real
economy. Areas of special focus include “agriculture,
rural areas and farmers” and small and micro enterprises.
Second, we will deepen reform by intensifying the
forces driving it. BoCom was restructured under
China’s broader economic reform and opening and
had successful experience in several significant reform
areas in China’s banking sector restructuring. Under the
State’s strategic objective of comprehensively deepening
reform, the State Council approved the BoCom’s Plan
to Strengthen Reformation in 2015, which has enabled
BoCom to maintain a leading position. We focused on 
three key areas of reform during the past two years –
refining our corporate governance mechanism as a large
commercial bank, reinforcing operational improvements
and promoting transformation, and innovating our
operating model. Since then we have very deliberately and
successfully implemented 20 key reform projects each
year and steadily advanced reform. We actively explored
refining the divisional structure of large commercial
banks, with an emphasis on those of the front office.
In this regard, a new operating framework has been
developed, comprising three divisions – VIP Institutional
Customer, Specialized Businesses, and Support. This
enabled us to promote the “Head Office to Head Office”
levels of professional services and operating skills. The
resulting growth in profits of 12 directly operating units
in 2016 was 19.23%, based on our internal performance
assessment, making this an important area of growth
point for the Group. As we will be introducing 20 new
projects in 2017, with the objectives of advancing
reform, accountability and operating effectiveness, we
believe that the positive effects will continue and support
BoCom’s transformation and development.
Third, we will promote transformation through the “BoCom
Strategy”, becoming a first-class listed comprehensive
banking group, focusing on international expansion and
specializing in wealth management, and positioning
BoCom for success. We strictly adhered to the State’s
strategic initiative “Belt and Road” and achieved five
successful “international expansion” targets in 2016,
including the establishment of branches in London and
Luxembourg, the Bank of Communications (Luxembourg)
S.A. Rome and Paris branches, and the acquisition of
a controlling stake in Banco BBM, which promoted our
capability in supporting China’s enterprises to “Go Global”.
Significant milestones also included the smooth progress
of listing of BoCom International and listing of Xinjiang
Shihezi BoCom Rural Bank on the National Equities
Exchanges and Quotations (NEEQ), and the successful
A-share listing of Jiangsu Changshu Rural Commercial
Bank as the Bank is the strategic investor. Assets under
management (“AUM”) have been fully integrated into the
Group’s performance evaluation process. After years of
dedicated operations, the Group’s assets of overseas
operations and non-banking subsidiaries exceeded RMB1
trillion in 2016, accounting for 13.39% of the Group’s
profit contribution, representing an increase of 2.77
percentage points over the previous year. Going forward,
we will follow the “BoCom Strategy” through extending
our service network and delivery channels; increasing
integration among overseas businesses, non-banking
businesses and domestic banking businesses; improving
the internationalized and diversified profit contribution;
accelerating the development of trading and wealth
management businesses; and promoting substantial
launch of the internet finance. This will enable us to
develop new core competencies through the “BoCom
Strategy”.
Fourth, we will pursue stability through effective risk
prevention and management. With the experience of
successfully managing through the global financial crisis,
we have a more profound and thorough understanding
of the relationship between current profits and hysteretic
nature of certain commercial banking risks. As the Group
is still exposed to risk from significant lines of credit
granted in prior years and the increasing uncertainties
of the economy, risk prevention and management are
crucial to meeting our objectives, and could be a top
priority of our operational management. The Group
has spent decades improving its enterprise wide risk
management system through “Full coverage, whole
process, accountability and risk management culture”.
We emphasize risk prevention and management in
key areas, addressing both risks and their root cause.
This will enable us to firmly safeguard against systemic 
financial risks. All of us fully understand and follow
the risk management culture of “stable, lawful and
prudent operation”, the risk diversification principle of
“not leaving all the eggs in one basket”, the code of
conduct of “process-and-procedure-orientation”, and
the internal control principle of “dual control and mutual
supervision”. We are confident in our ability to manage
emerging challenges and implementing new regulatory
requirements to create opportunity in an uncertain and
volatile environment, ensuring stable operations over the
long-term.
Fifth, we will continue to develop our brand through
improving service quality. With the objective of “becoming
a bank providing best services”, since 2011, we have put
tremendous effort into promoting our services, focusing
on the service evaluation and promoting an image of
professionalism, standardization, and optimization.
BoCom was ranked No. 1 in the China Retail Banking
Satisfaction Study for three consecutive years. Further,
140 of the Group’s outlets were awarded “Top 1,000
model” by the China Banking Association for providing
good services to customers, ranking No. 1 in the banking
industry in 2016. We value our customers’ trust and
believe that the promotion of our services has progressed
a long way. Going forward, we will establish and improve
the tiered and hierarchical management framework
related to corporate, retail, and interbank customers;
continue to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of
our services; improve the customer experiences of online
and offline services; and reinforce BoCom’s brand in
China’s financial services industry.
Looking forward, the established geopolitical and
economic relationships have been globally foreshadowed.
The Chinese economy is still in the status of “three
period superimposed”. China’s banking industry will face
multiple challenges, including more intense competition
across a broad range of financial products from both
banking and emerging non-banking competitors. The
latter is fundamentally changing operating model and
profit pattern of commercial banks. The liberalization
of interest rates and tighter liquidity will result in the
higher costs of lines of credit, as well as further narrow
the interest spread and profit margin. The emerging
financial risks are becoming more prominent and their
interdependencies and complexity are increasing, likely
resulting in a deterioration of asset quality.
“A new historical mission awaits us and, with hard
work, we will achieve great success.” We should be
well-prepared for this complex endeavor. At the same
time, though, we should be confident that the Chinese
economy possesses potential, resilience, and strengths
with long-term sustainability and promise. Rooted in
the fertile ground of China’s economy, China’s banking
industry still has myriad strategic opportunities. With
the attention and support of our shareholders and the
society, combined with our mission of creating longterm
value, we will always adhere to our foundation of
serving the real economy, firmly pursue the strategic
interests of the “BoCom Strategy”, always follow the
principle of stable and prudent operation, promote longterm
development through reforms, seek reasonable
return through innovations, and create greater value for
investors and the society.
Chairman