Chairman s Statement 
2010 is the fi nal year of China s Eleventh Five-Year Plan . Under the effective leadership of the central government, all objectives in its Eleventh Five-Year Plan were conclusively achieved as China achieved stable and relatively rapid economic development while also maintaining social stability and harmony. Over the past year, with strong support from domestic and foreign regulatory authorities, all shareholders, customers and the efforts of the Bank s management and staff, the Bank continued to make further improvements in its reforms such that its various lines of business showed stable progress and it displayed relatively rapid business growth, developed management qualities and a harmonious working environment, thus making determined steps towards its stated strategic objectives.
REVIEW OF CURRENT OPERATING RESULTS AND EVENTS OVER THE PAST FIVE 
The operating results for 2010 have further highlighted the advantages of the scale and the growth the Bank enjoys as a giant state-owned listed Bank. As at the end of 2010, the Group s total assets increased by 19.41% from the corresponding period in prior year to RMB3,950 billion and its market share of RMB-denominated loans and deposits increased by 0.18 and 0.07 percentage point respectively. Net profi t for the year increased by 29.63% as compared to the corresponding period in prior year to RMB39.042 billion.
Looking back, China achieved major social and economic developments over the course of its Eleventh Five-Year Plan (2006 2010) which was also the most glorious 5 years for the Bank in its hundred years history.
In these fi ve years, the Bank once again led the development of China s fi nancial sector. The Bank continued to serve as a pioneer as it became the fi rst state-owned bank to complete the transformation of its share structure and to implement an A shares and a H shares rights issue, thus establishing a new and effective development path for the transformation of China s banking sector. As a pioneer in the area of integrated operations, the Group has successfully transformed into a fi nancial holding Group with a bank as the parent, thus pioneering a coordinated development model on the basis of effective risk segregation.
In these fi ve years, the Bank formally crossed its fi rst hundred years milestone. In 2008, the Bank became the fi rst national fi nancial institution to welcome its fi rst centennial. Over the course of its hundred year history, the Bank has accompanied China through the ups and downs of its social and economic development but this has only served to add to the Bank s maturity and provided it with more confi dence regarding the future. As the Bank steps into its next hundred years, it will continue to forge ahead steadily with the help of its clearly defi ned development strategy and direction as well as the dedication and unity of rank and fi le alike.
In these fi ve years, the Bank consecutively achieved the best operating results in its history. Due to good governance, the Bank achieved exponential development despite the ups and downs of the environment.
Its asset base increased by 1.8 times and net profi t increased by 3.1 times both of which have exceeded the average growth rate of China s banking sector. With its head held high, the Bank entered the ranks of the world s top 500 enterprises, top 20 global commercial bank in terms of profi tability and top 30 in terms of market capitalisation. At the same time, the Bank continued to improve the quality of its assets and its proportion of non-performing loans decreased from 2.37% as at the end of 2005 to 1.12% as at the end of 
In these fi ve years, the Bank s corporate structure has undergone a complete transformation. The Bank successfully returned to the A shares market and commandeered a leading position among its peers in terms of corporate governance and operation. Its strategic management system was gradually improved as it formulated and implemented its development strategy of becoming A fi rst class listed universal banking group focusing on international expansion and specialising in wealth management . The Bank achieved major breakthroughs in the transformation of various areas such as establishment of a customer-centric business philosophy, fi nalisation of its fi ne-grained management mechanism, optimisation of the organisational structure and operating process, product innovation, information technology, human resource management, brand and corporate culture development.
Although the results of the Bank s transformation and development has been encouraging, it must continue to remain focused. While the Bank keeps an eye on its progress, it must not forget its past defi ciencies and continue to have in-depth knowledge of regulatory requirements, its strategic objectives and the distance between itself and its more advanced domestic and overseas counterparts. The Bank still has a long journey ahead in the future and it must work doubly hard.
IMPLEMENTATION OF THE STRATEGY TO BECOME A FIRST CLASS LISTED UNIVERSAL BANKING GROUP FOCUSING ON INTERNATIONAL EXPANSION AND SPECIALISING IN WEALTH MANAGEMENT While the Bank s strategic objectives are long and far-sighted, it must implement its strategy tenaciously. As the saying goes, Persevering is the act of going all the way, from having an idea in mind to making it a reality . I am pleased to see that the Group s strategy of becoming a fi rst-class listed universal banking group focusing on international expansion and specialising in wealth management has become deeply rooted among the rank and fi le and with each individual employee making their own contributions towards the fulfi lment of the Group s strategic objectives and mission.
On the internationalisation front, the Bank is committed towards creating an international network focusing on the Asia-Pacifi c region and with Europe and America as the wings and bringing the Bank s international business management capabilities to a new level. As at the end of 2010, the total assets of our seven overseas branches, including Hong Kong and New York, increased by 19.99% as compared to the corresponding period in prior year to RMB239.870 billion. The Bank is also the fi rst mainland bank to set up a representative offi ce in Taipei and it has successfully received the approval for its branch in Ho Chi Minh City. The Bank s close collaboration with its strategic partner, HSBC, has also helped the Bank leverage on HSBC s network in international markets and its experience in servicing global customers.
On the integration front, the Bank has reorganised its group structure with the banking entity as the parent and with subsidiaries in the fund, trust, leasing, insurance and investment banking business forming the rest of the fi nancial holding group. This diversifi cation resulted in a signifi cant strengthening of the Group s fi nancial service capabilities. The Bank continued to expand its integrated fi nancial services platform: BoCommLife Insurance, the fi rst domestic bank-owned insurance company received its offi cial licence from the regulators; the Anji Bocom Rural Bank has successfully commenced operations; and the Shihezi Bocom Rural Bank in Xinjiang also received approval from the regulators. The Group and its subsidiaries and associated companies achieved new breakthroughs as its subsidiaries achieve spectacular results. As at the end of 2010, total assets of the Bank s subsidiaries were RMB42.963 billion and their contribution to the Group s net profi t for the year was RMB834 million or 2.14%.
On the wealth management front, the Bank has established a multi-tiered wealth management service system, rapidly enhanced services capabilities and market reputation which has provided greater distinction of the Bank s wealth management capabilities. The Bank spared no effort in building its Bank of Communications, your wealth management bank brand image, formulating and implementing a development plan for its corporate customers and personal wealth management business. The proportion of its mid to high net worth customers increased rapidly, of which private banking customers increased by 109.81% in 2010.
In 2010, the Bank continued to maintain its image as a proactive global bank. Returns on average assets (ROAA) and returns on average on shareholders equity (ROAE) were 1.08% and 20.20% respectively. The Group was ranked among the Fortune Global 500 for the second consecutive year, and its ranking improved from prior year to No. 440. Other important accolades awarded by domestic and foreign mainstream media include Bank with the best returns , Listed company with the most sustainable investment value , Best Wealth Management Bank in China and Best Cash Management Bank .
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT The Board of Directors is at the core of the Bank s corporate governance structure and its effectiveness will have a positive impact on the entire Bank. Faced with the complex environment over the past year, the Board has adopted open communications, in depth exchange of views and working with consensus. Working to the best of its abilities, the Board carefully analysed market trends, guided the development of the direction of the Bank utilising its intelligence as well as scientifi c decision making policies to actively implement every major initiative.
The Fifth Session of the Board of Directors completed its term in 2010 and the following directors: Ms. Laura M.
Cha, Mr. Yang Fenglin, Mr. Xie Qingjian, Mr. Ian Ramsay Wilson and Mr. Thomas Joseph Manning retired. Over the years, they have diligently performed their duties and contributed signifi cantly to the development of the Bank.
On behalf of the Board of Directors and all the staff of the Bank, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to them. On the other hand, the Bank welcomed Ms. Anita Fung Yuen Mei, Mr. Wang Weiqiang, Mr. Peter Hugh Nolan and Mr. Chen Zhiwu to the Board of Directors. With their addition, the Board will be even more internationalised and professional. I extend my warmest welcome to them and look forward to working with 
During the year, Mr. Peng Chun resigned as Executive Director and Vice-President of the Bank. Mr. Peng has served the Bank for 16 years with diligence and dedication and made outstanding contributions to the Bank s development. Mr. Wang Bin was nominated by the Board of Directors and was appointed as Executive Director at the Annual General Meeting. Mr. Wang served as the President of the Bank s Tianjin branch, and as the President of the Bank s Beijing branch. He was appointed as the Vice-President of the Bank in 2005, has demonstrated outstanding leadership capabilities and possesses extensive bank management experience.
In 2010, under the capable leadership of the President, Mr. Niu Ximing, senior management successfully led the Bank s approximately 80,000 employees to accomplish the various operating objectives set out by the Board as the Bank successfully realised its objective of overtaking the market to achieve pole position . In particular, the fi ghting spirit and innovative spirit displayed by senior management in areas such as the long-term development of the deposits business, enhancement of customer service capabilities and transformation of the management model was particularly encouraging.
STRENGTHENED ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL Risk management is a crucial theme in any bank s development. The bank s risk management must not only proceed in the appropriate direction and include properly applied measures but must also be consistent and sustainable. Under the guidance of the supervisory department, the Bank s enterprise risk management and internal controls achieved new breakthroughs in 2010. The proportion of non-performing loans continued to experience a double dip as it decreased by 0.24 percentage point from the corresponding period in prior year to 1.12% while provision coverage increased by 34.79 percentage points as compared to the corresponding period in prior year to 185.84%.
The Bank continued to improve its enterprise risk management system. Based on the Enterprise Risk Management Plan for 2009 2011 , the Board of Directors stipulated a series of policies and procedures such as the Market Risk Management Policy , Liquidity Risk Management Plan and Internal Ratings System Management Policy and they continued to assess the Bank s enterprise risk management metrics on a quarterly basis. Risk management coverage also improved with the new 1+3+2 enterprise risk management framework developed by senior management.
The Bank further strengthened its credit, market and operational risk management. Reacting to the trend of rapid credit growth, the Bank promoted the application of its new risk classifi cation system for credit assets and diligently implemented the new Three Rules and One Guidance credit regulation introduced by the CBRC by implementing watch-list management and limits management for high risk industries. The Bank also established an annual limit for market risk and implemented its new operational risk management 
The Bank made good progress in its New Basel Capital Accord preparation work. The Bank has successfully completed its Pillar 2 project development in accordance with the timeline and requirements stipulated in the Bank of Communication New Basel Capital Accord Implementation Plan . The Bank s has successfully undergone the CBRC s pre-assessment inspection for its three major risk, thereby completing the initial development of its Pillar 2 groundwork. This gives the Bank a solid foundation for its formal application to become one of the fi rst to be in compliance with the requirements of the New Basel Capital Accord 
The Bank made steady progress in the development of its internal controls. The Bank comprehensively implemented the Standards on Enterprise Internal Controls and internal controls guidelines to provide a framework for the actual execution of its internal control procedures and to evaluate its business management procedures for operational feasibility and compliance with applicable regulations. Internal control evaluation and grading was implemented for the Bank s domestic branches and sub-branches, foreign branches, and its subsidiaries. The Bank also continued its development of anti-fraud projects and strengthened its efforts on incident prevention.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with the fi rst step. We strongly understand that as a fi nancial institution, the operational risk management is an essential part of the Bank s business and in the face of an increasingly complex and constantly changing business environment, the Bank s must be constantly vigilant and must not be complacent in its efforts with regards to risk management. To progress and to achieve its intended objective, the Bank must rely on comprehensive planning, accumulation of effort over time and focus on paying attention to 
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Honest management, good customer service and high profi tability are the Bank s fundamental responsibilities as a listed fi nancial enterprise. That said, we have consistently fulfi lled our corporate social responsibilities as we strive to become a model corporate citizen and this philosophy has been integrated into the entire management style. In 2010, the Bank s contribution to society per share increased by RMB0.14 as compared to 2009 to RMB2.34.
There was pro-active provision of services that contributes to the country s economic and social development. The Bank is a staunch supporter of policies by the central government and has increased its fi nancial support to strategic national industries. The Bank managed the volume, structure and momentum of its credit lending in accordance with the national macroeconomic policy and gave strong support to the development of agriculture, rural areas and farmers as well as micro-enterprises. Multi-channel support was also provided to industries such as medicine, education and sanitation.
The Bank gave whole-hearted support for the Shanghai World Expo 2010. As the only global commercial banking partner to the Shanghai World Expo, the Bank had the honour of witnessing and participating in this successful and unforgettable event. During the World Expo, the Bank achieved its target of zero business errors, zero service complaints and zero accidents and it consistently emerged top in the World Expo s counter service satisfaction surveys. It was also awarded the World Expo Financial Services Outstanding Contribution Award for displaying the outstanding service quality of the Chinese banking industry to the 
The Bank was active in the promotion and implementation of green fi nancing. The Bank further promoted its Green Credit project by actively supporting energy-saving initiatives and environmentally friendly industries while turning away customers who fail to satisfy the Bank s environmental standards. Low-carbon emission and high energy-saving fi nancial services were provided to customers through effi cient electronic channels.
Green initiatives were also implemented as part of the Bank s efforts to go green for its offi ce environment.
In addition, the Bank also whole-heartedly participated in various green community projects and low- carbon emission themed activities.
The Bank was actively involved in community work. With love and concern for society, the Bank and its staff were actively involved in community work during 2010 as it spare no efforts in providing assistance to support disaster relief, poverty alleviation, scholarships to disabled youths and the training of physio- therapists for deaf children. Of this, approximately RMB18.4 million has been provided as disaster relief funds to support various natural disasters stricken areas.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND OUTLOOK FOR THE FUTURE The current global economic and fi nancial situation remains uncertain. The effects of the global fi nancial crisis have not completely dissipated and there is a possibility of a slowdown in domestic economic growth. Hence the need for economic restructuring and change in the nation s development model became increasingly urgent. In particular, China s monetary policy has been stabilised to ease infl ationary pressures and to ensure greater stability in the fi nancial system. The CBRC has continued to strengthen its prudent supervision over banks and this has resulted in signifi cant changes to the external environment for the operational development for banks.
2011 marks the start of China s Twelfth Five-Year Plan . This new 5-year period is expected to remain a period of strategic opportunities and signifi cant development for the Chinese banking industry. The Chinese economy is expected to continue its relatively rapid growth and the pace of restructuring will be accelerated. The fi nancial markets are also expected to continue developing rapidly. These developments will create many opportunities for the Bank, while also, bringing about greater challenges. During this period, the Bank has to strive to increase asset base and profi tability and begin its development into a leading vibrant international banking group characterised by innovation, vibrancy, stable operations, excellent service and good returns .
A good beginning makes for a good ending. In 2011, to ensure a good start to the Twelfth Five-Year Plan period, the Bank will continue with its theme of scientifi c development, structural transformation and innovative management which will fi t seamlessly into the nation s and the region s developing of strategy while conscientiously implementing a prudent monetary policy and remaining compliant with regulatory requirements.
The Bank will diligently moved towards its stated strategy of becoming A fi rst class listed universal banking group focusing on international expansion and specialising in wealth management and continuously enhancing its core competitiveness. The Bank will continue to improve its integrated fi nancial services platform and strive to obtain licenses for domestic securities and futures markets as soon as possible. In addition, the Bank will further accelerate the development of its international operations and actively expand into overseas markets while enhancing its global customer service capabilities. To exemplify its niche in wealth management, the Bank will actively create value-adding and comprehensive fi nancial services to its customers. In addition, the Bank will also increase its participation in the government s project to develop Shanghai into a shipping and fi nancial services hub.
The Bank will accelerate the pace of its development by continuously exploring new development paths in view of current trends. By striking a balance between speed, quality and effi ciency, the Bank will actively adjust its structure and strengthen the stability and sustainability of its development. The Bank will continue to transform into its new growth model from the previous model. Moving from a traditional loans and deposits business to one based on economic capital management which strikes a balance between risk and returns, the Bank s profi t model will also change from its previous dependence on interest margin to one based on diversifi ed income streams. It will also continue to transform its service model as it moves from being a credit intermediary to its new role of being an integrated fi nancial services provider.
The Bank will accelerate the pace of its management innovation process as it continues to improve the quality of its management. It will also establish an open management concept to foster creativity, establishing a customer-centric business philosophy and strengthen its fi ne-grained management. The Bank will also revolutionise its management techniques so as to optimise its organisational structure, business processes and resource allocation; and enhance its performance and evaluation assessment system. The Bank will also improve its products and services, risk and brand management system as well as strengthen its economic capital management and strengthen its information technology security.
The Bank will strengthen its risk management and controls to ensure the stable growth of each of its businesses. It will start conceptualising the development of a enterprise risk management system after meeting the targets set by the Basel II Capital Accord, as part of its preparation work for the implementation of the Basel III Capital Accord. At the same time, the Bank will strengthen its control over the risk management process and its risk forecast capabilities to achieve a matching of risk and returns. It will also conscientiously monitor applicable regulatory requirements and focus on controlling risks in key areas.
Looking back, the Bank overcame all obstacles and made great progress forward. Looking ahead to the future, we will continue to scale greater heights. As we stand at the threshold of the 20th year of the 21st century, the Bank will actively participate in the nation s Twelfth Five Year Plan helping to develop the nation with great enthusiasm and spirit. The Bank will continue to devote itself to servicing its millions of valued customers globally and continuously open up new and exciting chapters in its revolutionary growth with the guidance of its strategy of becoming a A fi rst class listed universal banking group focusing on international expansion and specialising in 
