Chairman s Statement Hu Huaibang Chairman The year 2012 marked the nexus of China s 12th Five-Year Plan . Under the leadership of the Central Government, Chinese economy maintained growth stability. The banking industry actively supported the development of the real economy, by accelerating the economic transformation, reform and innovation. As a result, the total assets maintained steady growth, the risk management capability was further strengthened, and operating effi ciency continually improved. In this extraordinary year, with concerted efforts of its management and employees, the Bank resolutely followed the central government s keynote target of steady growth and economic and fi nancial policies, the BoCom Strategy , its Second Round of Reform , and improved the innovation capability and service quality, with excellent quality and effi ciency as well as stable growth achieved across all business lines.
As at the end of 2012, the Group s total assets and net profi t reached RMB5,270 billion and RMB58.373 billion, representing an increase of 14.36% and 15.05% respectively from the beginning of the year. Average return on assets (ROAA) and average return on shareholders equity (ROAE) stood at 1.18% and 17.91% respectively. The impaired loans ratio was 0.92%.
The Bank has been listed among Fortune 500 for four consecutive years and its rank in terms of operating income ascended to No. 326. In addition, the Bank ranked No. 30 in terms of tier-one capital among the Top 1000 Global Banks 2012 published by The Banker , and its credit rating was upgraded to A category by all the three major international credit rating agencies, namely, Standard & Poor s, Fitch, and Moody s.
We fully understand that the above excellent performance is attributable to the steady growth of China s economy, the effective macroeconomic control policy and fi nancial supervision by regulators, as well as the great support from our shareholders, customers and the communities we serve. On behalf of the Bank, I would like to express my sincere appreciation.
IMPLEMENTATION OF THE BOCOM STRATEGY Five years ago, the Bank established its development strategy of becoming a fi rst class listed universal banking group focusing on international expansion and specialising in wealth management ( BoCom Strategy ) as the new goals and directions after the centennial. Over the past fi ve years, the Bank continually improved the strategic management system, enhanced the capability of strategy implementation, and achieved excellent results: The pace of internationalisation accelerated, and the global fi nancial services were further improved. As a result of our strategy in building an Asia-Pacifi c focused overseas network extended to Europe and America , an international organisation network has been formed. As at the end of 2012, the number of overseas institutions reached 12, the proportion of their assets increased by 0.47 percentage point from the beginning of the year to 7.67%; and the proportion of their net profi t increased by 1.04 percentage points as compared with the prior year to 4.50%, leading the pace of the Group s development. Proactively seizing the opportunities brought by Chinese enterprises Going Global initiatives and the RMB internationalisation, the Bank accelerated the growth of cross-border RMB business and further enhanced the business synergy between domestic and overseas branches.
In addition, our strategic cooperation with HSBC evolved based on the sharing of the two bank s 
The synergies within the Group continued to be presented, and the universal operations started to be rewarding. While the Group s banking business grew healthily and steadily, all the subsidiaries showed favourable momentum. As at the end of 2012, 6 non-bank subsidiaries total assets increased by 43.97% from the beginning of the year, accounted for 1.58% of that of the Group. Subsidiaries contributed 2.18% to the Group s net profi t in 2012. The Group s universal fi nancial service and risk management capability were further enhanced, with the continued improvement in the subsidiaries corporate governance and compliance operation.
The business focus of our wealth management services gradually recognised by the market, the differentiated competitive advantages starting to emerge. The core service brands such as OTO Fortune , Win to Fortune and BOCOM Fortune have been widely recognised by the rising number of middle-and-high-end customers. The Group was rewarded several major awards including the Best Supply Chain Finance Bank , the Best China Private Wealth Management Bank , the Best China Cash Management Bank and so on. The concept of One BoCom, One Customer was integrated into the whole process of product development and services, effectively meeting diversifi ed, personalised, innovative wealth management demands of customers.
A determined goal is the starting point of all achievements. Since the implementation of the BoCom Strategy , the Group s cross-border, cross-industry, and integrated operation capabilities have been signifi cantly improved and its business collaboration and synergy development have become a signifi cant competitive advantage. We believe, the BoCom Strategy will continue to lead the pace of the Bank s 
SUPPORTING THE REAL ECONOMY The banking industry would achieve the real growth stability only if it serves the real economy, participates in the development of national economy, and connects with customers in various industries. During the year of 2012, the Bank conscientiously implemented the State s macroeconomic control policy, actively responded to the transformation of the economic development pattern and the industrial restructuring and upgrading. Through the proper adjustment to the lending structure and loan extension pace, and the optimisation of the allocation mechanism of its existing and incremental credit resources, the Bank is able to provide more solid and effi cient fi nancial services to the real economy.
We actively responded to the national strategy of coordinated regional development, by increasing support to areas such as the strategic emerging industries, productive service industries, energy conservation and environmental protection projects, modern agriculture and public welfare, actively resolved the fi nancing diffi culties of small and micro enterprises, enhanced the credit monitoring and achieved loan reduction in heavily-polluting, highly-energy-consuming and over-capacity sectors and other imminent collapsing industries, supported the merger and acquisition and restructuring in overcapacity industries, and optimised the credit structure along with adjusting according to the 3-increase-3-decrease policy.
As at the end of 2012, the Bank s share of loans made to Central and Western China areas increased by 0.41 percentage point from the beginning of the year, and the proportion of small and medium enterprises loans increased by 1.65 percentage points, while both the balance and share of loans extended to heavily- polluting, highly-energy-consuming and over-capacity sectors decreased by RMB2.46 billion from the beginning of the year and decreased by 0.50 percentage point in proportion as compared with the beginning of the year, achieving double reduction in loan amounts and loan proportion.
ID-DEPTH EXECUTION OF THE SECOND ROUND OF REFORM Looking head, the reform of the Bank will be confronted with three urgent tasks. First, the Bank will need to maintain a steady growth pace and uphold its existing industrial position in an ever changing operating environment. Second, the Bank will need to accelerate its pace of transformation to meet the demands of future market competition as its traditional operation model faces great challenges. Third, the Bank will need to strengthen its capacity of innovative services to enhance its unique development in an environment of intensive industry competition.
There is an old saying in China that change leads to solution rather than obstruction; change leads to prosperity rather than recession; change leads to renascence rather than fall . Different from the First Round of Reform driven by the conversion to a shareholding bank, the Second Round of Reform , which was offi cially initiated in 2011, primarily focused on the dual advantages of management innovation, reshaping its strength as a large scale but fl exible policy and internal transformation development. The emphasis of reform turns from system optimisation to mechanism innovation.
The Bank has recognised that strengthening the core competitiveness through releasing management vitality and deepening operational reform is the solution to addressing to the challenges and for the Bank s future development. In 2012, the Year of Reform of the Bank, we focused on reform in certain key aspects, such as performance assessment and management, the structure of front offi ce, operational process, products innovation and authorisation management. Through relentless efforts, we have achieved periodical progress in the Second Round of Reform , such as the successful establishment of sector management model, more rational and competitive incentive evaluation mechanism, better-positioned service network, the preliminary establishment of Trinity operation pattern, the successful initiation of 531 project in certain branches and the Banking Department at the Head Offi ce, and the preliminary establishment of an IT system based on 
ACCELERATING BUSINESS TRANSFORMATION The Chinese banking industry is facing many challenges, such as China s economy slow-down, the substantial initiation of interest rate deregulation, the emergence of certain regional and industrial risks and the acceleration of fi nancial disintermediation. Meanwhile, the regulators put forward stringent regulatory requirements towards the business growth, capital adequacy and risk management of commercial banks.
Confronting multiple challenges, the Bank proactively took the path of development driven by innovation and business transformation so as to seek growth via structural optimasation, improve competitiveness via growth and enhance growth vitality via innovation, and successfully developed new profi t sources such as the fi nancial market, custody services and offshore business. In 2012, the Bank actively conducted innovative business activities in fi nancial market with a higher profi t margin in non-credit asset business compared with other banks. The Bank also enjoyed a rapid growth in asset custody service. The scale of asset custody increased by 78.98% from the beginning of the year to RMB1,500 billion, among which the scale of pension custody exceeded RMB500 billion, making the Bank the largest pension management bank in China. In terms of indicators of offshore business such as total assets, total profi t, lending balance and international settlement volume, the Bank all ranked the top in the banking industry in China. In the future, the Bank will accelerate its management transformation, continue to optimise its asset structure, business structure and income structure, and realise low-capital consumption and low-cost operation, and further upgrade the quality and effi ciency of its growth.
While promoting business development, the Bank attached great importance to its risk management.
We formulated and implemented a new risk management plan, strived to improve the 1+3+2 Risk Management Committee system, optimised credit authorisation process and management, and continuously enhanced the enterprise risk management model. We also actively pushed for the compliance with the new Basel Capital Accord, and introduced and implemented the application of advanced measurement approach such as Internal Rating Based Approach (IRB). We paid close attention to the check on risks of key aspects such as local government fi nancing vehicle (LGFV) Loans, private lending, steel trade and wealth management products, and mitigated potential risks in a timely manner.
As a result of our solid and comprehensive risk management undertakings, the impairment loan ratio was controlled below 1%, standing at 0.92% by the end of 2012. With the support of shareholders at large and the regulators, the Bank successfully completed non-public issuance of A and H shares with RMB56.6 billion capitals raised and core capital adequacy ratio reached 11.24% as at year end, which is among the leading position in the banking industry. The Bank s capacities in growth and risk management were signifi cantly 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND STAFF In 2012, the Board of Directors and its committees discharged their duties and carried out their responsibilities in their decision-making and supervisory capacities. All Directors and the Senior Management have diligently fulfi led their responsibilities. Under the leadership of the Board of Directors and Senior Management, the whole staff made concerted efforts and contributed cohesively to the Bank s development, which is fundamental to guarantee our success.
Members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management had undergone a few changes during the year.
Mr. Wang Bin resigned as an Executive Director, Executive Vice President of the Bank, and committee member of the Strategy Committee of the Board of Directors due to job-redesignation. Mr. Wang had served the Bank for 12 years with dedication and has made remarkable contribution. At the shareholders general meeting, Ms. Yu Yali was elected as an Executive Director. Ms. Yu has abundant experience in the banking industry and extraordinary professional skills in accounting and fi nance. The Board of Directors welcomes her joining. During the year, the Board of Directors also appointed Mr. Shou Meisheng as an Executive Vice President (and Secretary of Disciplinary Committee), Mr. Lv Benxian as the Corporate Business Supervisor.
Mr. Shou and Mr. Lv have both served the Bank for over 20 years with profound expertise and outstanding management skills. Their joining has further enhance the Senior Management. In addition, Mr. Dicky Yip resigned as Executive Vice President due to his age. During his term of offi ce as an Executive Vice President of the Bank, which was an arrangement in the strategic cooperation between the Bank and HSBC, Mr. Yip made substantial contribution in developing the Bank s personal fi nancial services.
In 2012, facing grim and complex business environment, President Niu Ximing led the Bank s Senior Management to focus on the main goals to stablise development, faciliate transformation, control risks, expedite reform, and improve profi tability , proactively seized market opportunities, further carried forward innovations in internal management, and succeeded in fulfi lling all annual business objectives, which would have been impossible without hard efforts. The Board of Directors and I wish to express our recognition to 
The Staff are the most valuable assets of the Bank. The Bank has experienced ups and downs in China s centennial fi nance history and has always been attaching great importance to build and maintain a staff who are creative, cohesive and have strong execution capabilities. By giving full swing to our motto of enterprising spirit, sense of responsibility, and innovation , we will further enhance the construction of our corporate culture, inspire our staff to be confi dent, cohesive, ambitious and innovative, and to help the Bank achieve new success in the coming centennial.

2008-2012 is the fi rst fi ve-year period after the Bank s Centennial. Over the past fi ve years, China became the world s second largest economy, with remarkable achievements made in fi nancial reform. The strength and competitiveness of China s banking industry were brought to a whole new level, and the Bank was in the best time in history for reform and development.
In 2013, the domestic and overseas economic environment situations will remain complex and ever- changing. The global economy has shifted from a rapid growth period prior to the fi nancial crisis to a period of transformation and adjustment. The fi nancial industry, especially the banking industry, will face great challenges and grim business environment, but will still be in a period of strategic opportunities.
We will continue to focus on improving our ability to serve real economy, abiding by the nation s macroeconomic control policy, and aligning with our nation s strategy, proactively adjust credit structure, and supporting the nation s economic transformation and industrial restructuring. Leveraging the advantage of the operation of an international and universal bank, we will continue to embrace the key tone of innovation, further enhance our ability to provide cross-border and comprehensive service.
We will continue to implement the BoCom Strategy , carry forward the Second Round of Reform , optimise our business operation strategy, and accelerate the transformation process. We will strive to seize opportunities in emerging markets while giving full swing to our advantages in traditional businesses, further enhance the development capability led by the strategy implementation, expedite the key reform initiatives, innovate the systems and mechanisms, so as to consolidate our competitive 
We will continue to enhance innovation as a driving force of growth, adding vitality to the Bank s sustained growth. The year of 2013 is the Bank s Year of Innovation and Development . We will continue to pursue our goal of becoming an Innovative Bank , by making innovations in development strategy, and further practicing innovative ideas in strategy execution, business line management, profi t orientation, and synergic growth. We will further optimise our innovation system in the cross- industry, cross-border and cross-market products and services, in order to meet customers diversifi ed demands for fi nancial services.
We will continue to defend our risk bottom line to ensure a safe and stable operation. With our emphasis placed on risk management and internal control, improving the effectiveness of enterprise comprehensive risk management becomes the most important task of our next step. We will build a risk management responsibilities system covering all the employees, the whole business process, and all the aspects of the Bank and implement the risk management responsibility mechanism. We will also continue to strengthen the risk monitoring of key business and key areas, improve our internal control and criminal case prevention mechanism, and strive to maintain the stability in asset quality.
Looking forward, in correspondence with the objective of building a moderately prosperous society in all respects set forth by the 18th CPC National Congress, we will adhere to the target of achieving steady growth and strive to further improve the quality and effi ciency of development driven by innovation and via business transformation. I am fully confi dent that we will continue achieving good performance that can stand the test of the practice, the people and the time, and in the next fi ve years write another splendid page in the Bank s history.

