Chairman s Statement In 2007, with the support of our shareholders, our customers as well as the community at large, the Group has once again achieved excellent operating results. As of the end of 2007, total assets of the Group reached RMB2,110.444 billion; net profit for the whole year reached RMB20.274 billion and return on average shareholders equity increased to 18.16%. In the past 3 years, the Group s compound annual growth rates of total assets and net profit reached 22.64% and 132.94%, respectively, and return on average shareholders equity increased from 13.68% in 2005 to 18.16% in 2007. The growth rate and performance result placed the Bank in the top tier of domestic commercial banks.
With the collective efforts of all employees, the operational performance of the Group enjoyed rapid growth in recent years. Benefiting from favorable macro-economic conditions, the businesses of the Group enjoyed strong development. Especially in 2007, with the benefit of the extraordinary prosperity of China s capital market, the fee-based business of the Group has developed by leaps and bounds and the ratio of non-interest income to total net operating income increased to 13.77%, which made it a significant profit source for the Group. With the support of our customers, our market share of traditional loans and deposits continued to increase. In light of the continuous tightening monetary policy, the Group made significant efforts to adjust its asset and liability structure, expanded interest spread gradually in each quarter so as to stably increase income from funds operation. The ongoing efforts we made to optimize our internal management were effective and further enhanced our productivity.

What is more exciting is that, based on our strong performance growth and stable operation management, our market image and reputation were boosted significantly.
According to the rankings of Top 1,000 Banks in the World in 2007 published by the British magazine The Banker , our total assets ranking rose to No. 69 and Tier-1 capital ranking rose to No. 68, which further strengthened our position in the world s top 100 banks. We have been awarded the Chinese Brands Annual Award (No.1) in the bank category by World Brand Lab for three consecutive years and the value of our brand has been widely recognized by the market.
RETURN TO THE A SHARE 
As the oldest commercial bank in the history of China, the Bank s development has been deeply rooted in mainland China.
It had always been our dream to share the benefits from the Bank s rapid development with domestic investors by returning to the A share market at an appropriate time. With this wish in mind, the Bank successfully issued 3.19 billion A shares on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and raised about RMB25 billion at the turn of spring and summer in 2007. The Bank s A shares were enthusiastically pursued by domestic investors and the frozen fund ranked the highest on record for the A share market, which was an exceptional 
The successful A share listing set a new milestone in the Group s development history following the H share listing in Hong Kong. The A share listing of the Group not only solved the share redesignation issue, but also completed our joint-stock reform. In addition, we have expanded our shareholder base, enabled more domestic shareholders to enjoy the benefit from the Bank s rapid development and created favorable conditions to further improve our corporate governance and boost market image. More importantly, with the establishment of a financing platform in the A share market, the Group is better positioned to take advantage of the rapid growth of China s economy and grasp golden opportunities for further 
In the era of disintermediation in the finance industry, a comprehensive operation is critical for all banks. A successful comprehensive operation connects various financial markets and achieves orderly linkage between banking, insurance, funds and securities businesses. Extended business scope, cross-sale of financial products as well as reform of our management structure contributed to the expansion of business scale. Banks can fulfill the objective to diversify its operational risks through the involvement in various financial markets.
I am very pleased that our achievements in developing a comprehensive operational framework in 2007 are remarkable. We have reorganized BOCOM International, which is able to conduct investment banking business in Hong Kong directly.
This subsidiary has experienced strong development and its trading volume ranked No. 2 in Sino-invested brokers in Hong Kong. We have merged with Hubei International Trustee Investment Ltd. and reorganized it to establish BOCOM International Trust, which will be an important platform for the Bank to develop into the trustee business and other various businesses. BOCOM Leasing was established at the end of 2007 and added to the Group s business development.
BOCOM Schroder achieved a profitable result earlier than expected and became a contributor to the Group s profit. Based on a series of breakthrough development in 2007, the initial framework of a comprehensive financial group structure has been established, with banking as the principal business and supplemented by businesses in securities, insurance, trust, financial leasing and funds.

The wise do not always follow the same method as folks say. When creativity is an attribute which only individuals with outstanding performance share, then conforming to the rules can be tolerated.
But when creativity is an essential factor for survival, relying on the status quo is definitely not the way forward. Looking at today s financial industry, the long-term rapid development of China s economy has led to the explosive growth of corporate and personal wealth. With the frequent changes in the economic environment, we believe that there will be enormous market demand for professional wealth management services. Wealth management will become one of the core businesses of modern financial services, which will eventually lead to changes in business patterns of commercial banks.
Based on the above analysis, we have proposed a strategic concept to build the Best Wealth Management Bank in China in 2007. Our network is mainly concentrated in China s most developed regions and wealthy cities with a great concentration of large and medium-sized companies and medium to high-end individual customers. We have taken advantage of this feature to vigorously promote the reform of our network and centralized the use of our network resources for the delivery of wealth management services to our customers.
We have constantly introduced new wealth management products including OTO Fortune (l_[), BoCom Fortune (Nt) and Win To Wealth ( 
[ ) targeted at medium to high-end individuals and corporate customers.
Through the integrated use of various financial instruments, the management of corporate and individual customers assets, liabilities, income and finance were centralized, thereby achieving an integrated, one-stop customers wealth 
In 2007, we have made great progress in the field of wealth management. The number of medium to high-end wealth management customers exceeded 1 million, the custodian asset from individual customers reached RMB300 billion, of which 75% of the total business has been contributed by medium to high- end customers, representing 5% of total customers. Wealth management for corporate customers developed steadily as well. Investment banking businesses, such as financial advisory and consulting, have become a new area of profit growth.

As a commercial bank which conducts a risk business, making profit is bound to be an important goal even though it is not the only purpose. We believe that a banking operation also requires the art of management as banks must strike the best balance between risk and profit. Therefore, it is important to establish a healthy and compliant management system.
Based on this concept, we have continued to focus on the development strategy of Priority of Management, Stability of Operation and Achieved Sustainable Maximum Return for Shareholders and the continuous optimization of our internal management will continue to be the most important task. We have gradually established a risk management system with checks and balances by vertical management and parallel operations, accelerated the development and application of risk management tools, and transformed risk management from relying on experience to the disciplined usage of information, data and modern risk assessment tools. We have cooperated in the building of the Process Bank and centralized the processing of credit authorization, audit, accounting and documentation in our back office. We have greatly enhanced the degree of professionalism and centralization in our operational management. This led to the improvement in our system processing ability and enhanced controls in operational risks, which contributed to significant cost savings and achieved sustainable value growth.
What is particularly exciting is that we have completed the launch of our internal grading system for our corporate business in 2007, which made us the industry benchmark for the implementation of the New Basel Capital Accord. This further strengthened our controls over credit risks in an environment of tightening macro- control. We are very pleased that our key management projects, including the retail business internal grading system, reform of human resources management and management accounting system, have all made satisfactory progress.

It has always been our goal to enhance our corporate governance and add more value to our shareholders. In order to comply with the requirement of A share listing in 2007, we have comprehensively amended the Bank s Article of Associations, Procedures for Shareholders General Meetings and Board of Directors Meetings, and constituted rigorous Authorization Policies in relation to the authorization approvals from Shareholders General Meetings to the Board of Directors, from the Board of Directors to the President of the Bank, and other relevant authorization management procedures. These procedures have ensured the rules and regulations of our corporate governance strictly comply with domestic and overseas supervisory guidelines and standards. We have frequent communication with world-wide investors through different methods and channels, to share our operational strategies and material progress in reform and development, and to implement changes based on feedback and suggestions from shareholders. This enabled our stakeholders to participate in the Bank s operational management in a proper way. We have continued to be an industry leader in the area of information disclosure. In addition to the disclosures to meet external supervisory requirements, we have initiated the timely disclose of other information that may have a practical impact on the strategic decision-making of shareholders and other relevant stakeholders. What deserves a special mention is that the contents of our quarterly reports, which were prepared based on the standards for interim financial statements, were informative and accurate and were well received by 
The terms of office of the Fourth Session of the Board of Directors expired in 2007.
Pursuant to the Bank s Articles of Association, the Fifth Session of the Board of Directors was elected at the Shareholders General Meeting. The service period of the Fourth Session of the Board of Directors coincided with the critical time when the Bank actively promoted the Trilogy of Reorganization , Fund Raising and Listing and we have achieved a favorable reform on its institutional mechanism. All Directors worked earnestly and diligently, demonstrated profound professionalism and outstanding ethics and made great contributions to strengthening our corporate governance and improving operational management. Please allow me to hereby express my deep gratitude to all our Directors. In the new session of the Board of Directors, most of the Directors from the Fourth Session have been re-elected, with Mr. Qian Wenhui, Mr. Gu Mingchao, Mr. Yang Fenglin and Mr. Timothy David Dattels joining the Board. They are all elite individuals in their fields, who are full of wisdom and professional experience. We believe that the new session of the Board of Directors can inherit the Bank s outstanding values and operational strategies in order to continuously create value for all 
In 2007, we also welcomed new joiners to our senior management team. Ms. Yu Yali was promoted to Vice President and concurrently serves as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Yang Dongping was employed as the Chief Risk Management Officer of the Bank. They have both served in the Bank for a long time and have had a profound understanding of its history, culture, system, structure, operational management and development strategy.
After their joining the team, our senior management team has become more professional and effective. We believe the team is capable to implement all the decisions of the Board of Directors more effectively and promote the Bank s operational management to a new stage.

We always consider social responsibility to be a crucial factor in establishing an outstanding corporate image. As the organization moved from a mere sense of legal responsibility to striving towards the higher-level moral principles, it allows the business to become more attractive and social responsibility becomes the cornerstone of successful enterprise 
Based on this belief, we became one of the first institutions among the domestic listed companies to establish a Social Responsibility Committee under the Board of Directors and to issue a Corporate Social Responsibility Report . This enabled us to balance the needs in profit- making and benefiting the community during the process of business development. We have identified various opportunities to grant loans to national key development projects, to economic undeveloped areas and to small enterprises in their early development stage as a way to share our economic prosperity. In 2007, we have supported the China Disabled Persons Federation to launch To the Future BOCOM Disabled Youth Scholarship Program and is expecting to donate RMB100 million within the next 10 years to support more disabled youth to acquire more techniques. We believe this will not only improve their living conditions, but also contribute to the building of a harmonious 
COOPERATION WITH HSBC The strategic cooperation between BOCOM and HSBC has reached 3 years by the end of 2007. In the past three years, an efficient and smooth communication and coordination mechanism has been established, which has continuously strengthened our cooperation. According to the technical support and cooperation plan, HSBC has provided valuable support to the Bank in the aspects of operating concepts, management tools, products and techniques. This has enabled us to share the excellent brand and experiences of HSBC as a world-class international bank and to improve our operational management skills and market influence.
Both parties cooperated in the credit card business, international business and RMB fund business, and created a series of well-known financial service brands. In order to better handle the potential competing interests arising from the cooperation and further integrate both parties resources advantages, we have jointly developed an innovative key customers joint-marketing program and have already successfully led several 
Going forward, we will handle the competing interest arising from the cooperation properly and continue to strengthen our strategic cooperation.
According to the framework of the renewed three-year technical cooperation and exchange agreement, we will focus on the goals of introduce wisdom and introduce policy and shift from unilateral technical support towards bilateral communication and continuous integration of both parties wisdom and resources. We will further extend our areas of cooperation, and to the extent permitted by law and regulatory policies, we will endeavor to breakthrough in the fields of investment banking, insurance and pension funds and improve the effectiveness of cooperation.

In the past three years, in order to survive and achieve better development, the Bank took the initiative to adapt itself to the global financial reform and the opening up of the financial market in China, and was the first in the industry to launch a program to reform the shareholding system. With the efforts from the past three years, the overall capability of the Bank has been enhanced significantly and the reform and development efforts have reached a new chapter. As the Pioneer and Explorer in the new round of reform of state-owned commercial banks, we have successfully achieved the goals of the reform. In this respect, my colleagues and I are very proud of it.
Looking at the current international and domestic economic and financial situation, the Bank will face more opportunities as well as challenges in the future. On the one hand, the middle to long term factors that support China s rapid economic growth, such as urbanization, industrialization, market liberalization and the high proportion of labor force in the total population, will continue to play significant roles, which continue to create a solid foundation for China s economic growth. As the central government s macro-control gradually takes effect, the stability of the national economy will be gradually strengthened, all of which will provide more room for the development of China s banking industry. On the other hand, the domestic capital market is undergoing profound changes - the proportion of direct financing continues to rise, residents deposits are being diffused by investment in stocks, funds and other investment products, all of which have impacted on the Bank s business scope in the areas of assets and liabilities. With the continuous increase of competitors in the market, we are facing challenges from world-class banks in both the domestic and overseas markets. The negative impact of the sub-prime crisis in the United States gradually emerge and the world- wide extension of financial risks, which will become potential issues for the future development of the banking industry.
Faced with this situation, we will launch new reform and innovated development strategies, take advantage of opportunities and face challenges confidently. We will strive to promote the establishment of a harmonious bank and continue to focus on the goal of building a first-class publicly owned bank. We will: continue to speed up reform and promote fundamental changes of the institutional mechanism. We will continue to enhance corporate governance, strengthen economic capital constraint mechanism and achieve maximum long-term sustainable value for shareholders.
We will constantly deepen the reform of budgetary management mechanism, gradually set up value- oriented budgetary management mechanism with the objective of economic profit. We will further improve our product innovation mechanism and strengthen incentive system for innovation so as to constantly improve our core competitiveness through continuous 
actively promote strategic restructuring and insist on building the Bank as China s best wealth management bank. We will focus on the goal of building the best wealth management bank, integrate business brand and product brand, further enrich the product line of personal and corporate wealth management including OTO Fortune (l _ [ ), BoCom Fortune (Nt) and Win To 
revenue and profit structures of the corporate business, retail business, treasury business, international business, fee-based business and other innovative businesses. We will strengthen our competitive edge over domestic and international banks based on new profit channels and new methods for growth.
further promote a comprehensive operation, and proactively take advantage of synergetic development. We will not only focus on the development of key banking business, but also seek opportunities to breakthrough in other fields. To the extent permitted by laws and regulatory policies, we are looking forward to connecting the channels of the money market, capital market and insurance market, so as to construct a versatile financial group based on the banking business. Meanwhile, we will also focus on the overall global strategic goal of the Bank, integrate corporate culture of the Group and establish a long-term effective synergetic development mechanism.
In addition, we will constantly promote the firewall construction between the Bank and its subsidiaries and strictly avoid potential risks to ensure the healthy development of a comprehensive 
further strengthen our risk management and constantly improve quality of the development.
We will follow macro-economic trends and the direction of economic structure adjustment and clarify the strategy of risk management. We will use prudent risk preferences to restrain the pace of development in order to achieve long-term maximization of overall value. We will further strengthen IT development and constantly upgrade our information technology to reinforce its important role in overall operation and risk management.
Furthermore, we will pay attention to the financial risk in the context of economic globalization to ensure our development can withstand the test of a complete economic cycle.
2008 is the 100th year anniversary of the Bank. I am truly honored to witness this special moment with all of you. It was a century ago that we opened our doors and it has been two decades since we fulfilled our development. Today, the Bank is playing an active role in the global financial market with the wisdom accumulated over 100 years. Let us work together, explore a bright future, achieve great accomplishments and further contribute to the brilliance of the Bank s centenary! 
