Chairman s Statement 
Looking back upon 2009 while we are at the beginning of 2010, it inevitably stirs our emotions. In the most diffi cult year of economic development since China entered into the new century, it is the fi rst time that the China banking industry, after its further progress in the share system reform, faced so many new challenges in its quest for counter-cyclical growth amidst global fi nancial crisis and economic slowdown. In this disturbed and unusual year, the Bank managed to improve in such a tough situation, with its operational management gaining the momentum to achieve both quality and effi ciency as well as steady development. Such achievement is due to many factors, including the strong leadership of the Central Government and regulatory authorities, the continual support from our shareholders and customers, and the hard work and loyalty from all our staff.

At the end of 2009, total assets were more than RMB3.3 trillion and annual net profi t was more than RMB30 billion. The Bank s market share in the business of RMB-denominated savings and loans increased by 10 basis points and 45 basis points respectively. Return on Average Asset ( ROAA ) was 1.01% and Return on Average Equity ( ROAE ) was 19.49%. Because of the satisfactory results, the Bank s A share price increased by 97.26% and H share price increased by 61.18%, which outperformed the Shanghai Composite Index and the Hang Seng Index. In order to share our fruitful result with the shareholders promptly, we will, like 2008, declare interim and fi nal dividends in 2009, which was uncommon among the Chinese banking industry.

As Sun Tze s Art of War expounds the general must be adaptable in the formulation and execution of strong strategies. To make a dream come true, one needs to formulate and execute effi ciently a right strategy. From 2008, we have formulated the strategy of being a a fi rst-class publicly-listed universal banking group with niche in wealth management and aim for international expansion . ( International fi rst-class universal banking group featured in wealth management ). Based on this, we have carefully planned, developed, and achieved the following satisfactory results in 2009: 1. Internationalisation of the Bank was accelerated through ongoing emphasis on expansion for subsidiaries.
The establishment and upgrade of branch offi ces in Sydney, Singapore, San Francisco, Ho Chi Minh City, London and Taiwan has begun. A global network using Asia Pacifi c as its main center, with Europe and America as supporting wings is taking shape. The strategic alliance between the Bank and HSBC moved to a higher level, with further sharing of HSBC s wide international network and customer resources.
Furthermore, the Bank has learnt from HSBC s advanced knowledge and technologies, resulting in higher level of and more globalised bank management.
2. New breakthroughs in universal operational integration. The Bank was the fi rst to receive an insurance license among domestic banks, the universal operation platform on which integrated operations continued to be enhanced. The Bank s funds, trusts, leasing, offshore securities and insurance subsidiaries grew rapidly. Amongst them, Bank of Communication Schroder Fund Management Co. Ltd. was one of the top 10 domestic fund managers. The total assets of the Bank of Communications Financial Leasing Co. Ltd. also exceeded RMB15 billion, and its average leased assets balance exceeded RMB11.9 billion.
3. More prominent characteristic of wealth management. Wealth management businesses such as Win to Fortune , OTO Fortune , BOCOM Fortune grew rapidly. The Bank was renowned for the Best Domestic Bank in Private Wealth Management and the Best Chinese Bank in Wealth Management by domestic and international reputable media. The brand image and the service quality of the Bank s wealth management services were further enhanced.
4. Enhanced image of a fi rst-class publicly-listed banking group. The Bank was renowned as the most effi cient bank , the best state-owned bank and the best publicly-listed bank . Moreover, the Bank was included in the Fortune Global 500 for the fi rst time and Top 50 Global Banks by the British Banker magazine, thus enhancing the Bank s status as an active international bank.
Numbers are monotonous, but are convincing, which I am pleased to share with the shareholders here. In 2009, our foreign branches realised net profi t of RMB1.394 billion in 2009, an increase of over 16 times as compared to the previous year. All subsidiaries realised a net profi t that is attributable to the Group of RMB582 million, an increase of 143.51% as compared to the previous year. Net fee and commission income of the Bank was RMB11.399 billion, an increase of 2.53 percentage points in proportion of total revenue as compared to the previous year. The proportion of, the number and that of total assets from, middle to high-end private clients increased by 0.98 and 2.3 percentage points respectively. These fi gures are the results of the tremendous effort and commitment of our staff in realising our strategy of an International fi rst-class universal banking group featured in wealth management . This is also the foundation for our future achievement and success.

The importance of risk management to commercial banks is obvious after experiencing the global fi nancial crisis and economic downturn. The best way to balance risk management and business growth becomes an important topic for corporate leaders. It is a weakness in human nature that greed overcomes fear, or we will hesitate when real opportunity arrives. As a result, successful risk management requires a leader to perfectly combine rigorous establishment of strict measures, strong organisational skill and execution ability, and precise knowledge of the 
Based on the principles above, in 2009, the Bank continued to work on the maintenance of capital and liquidity levels, a robust corporate governance framework, and a stable business model and asset-liability structure, through establishment of strict measures and fl exibly adjusting operations. These include: " Implementing a Enterprise Risk Management Plan 2009 2011 and an overall framework to implement New Basel Capital Accord. This helped to lay a strong foundation for the promotion of comprehensive risk management and the compliance of the requirements in the New Basel Capital Accord.
" Further enhancing our risk management system framework with the objective of comprehensiveness, intensiveness and matrix-based . We adopted a hierarchical risk management structure as a foundation, and built a four-tiered risk management system based on four layers of defences and established and implemented a dual reporting system that is all-encompassing and standardised.
It is reassuring that the Bank s board and senior management is forward-looking and sensitive in the face of the complicated economic environment and volatile market situation. They actively controlled the pace and adjusted the business structure fl exibly, and effectively averting various risks associated with global economic downturn and rapid credit growth. In 2009, our impaired loans experienced a dual-decrease , with year-end impaired loans balance decreasing to RMB25.009 billion and year-end impaired loans rate dropped to 1.36%. The Bank s provisions coverage reached 151.05%, which maintained sustainable growth of asset quality in face of the crisis.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT Confucius said, There are three types of friends that you can benefi t from. Befriend the righteous, honest and knowledgeable. I strongly agree to this by drawing from my personal experience as Chairman of the Bank for more than a year. The directors of the Board and the members of the senior management team are all greatly experienced in economics and fi nance. They are hard-working and professional, wise and spared no effort in the proposals of implementing the reforms and development within the Bank. They are compassionate, selfl ess and have great respect to all, as we cooperated seamlessly to improve the Bank s operation and management. Their expertise and knowledge enabled them to detect and react to the slightest market change. Moreover, the selfl ess contribution from nearly 80 thousand staff of the Bank was an unceasing source of the sustainable growth of the Bank. With such a tremendous team in place to work with, I fi rmly believe that our future will continue to be 
At the end of 2009, Mr. Li Jun resigned from the post of Vice Chairman and President of the Bank due to reassignment and Mr. Niu Ximing became his successor. Mr. Li had diligently and professionally served the Bank for 19 years and made great contributions to the Bank s reforms and development. In particular, he showed great responsibility, leadership and astute market insights while dealing with the crisis in 2009, thereby making an outstanding contribution to the Bank s performance in 2009. I am truly delighted to have worked with such an extraordinary banker and on behalf of the Board and staff of the Bank, I wish to express our sincerest appreciation to Mr. Li Jun.
Mr. Niu Ximing has vast working experience within the fi nancial industry and is knowledgeable about the principles behind economic, fi nancial development, operations and management of commercial bank. He has shown great professionalism and strong leadership since the undertaking of his new job. I strongly believe that he will continue to lead senior management capably in the Bank s reforms and development, so as to take the Bank s performance to new heights! CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES Two things become more awe-inspiring when we refl ect upon them more often: starry heavens above us and the morals within us wrote Immanuel Kant. Applying to the Bank, its growth stems from the continued growth of the Chinese economy, in concert with a harmonious and stable society. For the Bank, it is both its moral responsibility as a corporate citizen, and also its objective prerequisite for growth to safeguard the economic development and national economic security. In 2009, in light of global economic crisis and downward pressure of real economy, we implemented policies of the Central Government closely to maintaining growth, boosting domestic demand and adjusting structure. This also contributed to stable and rapid development of economy through stable growth of 
" Responding to the 4-trillion-yuan national stimulus plan and expansion of our credit support for economic development, while continuing to explore business opportunities. In 2009, we combined macroeconomic policy guidances and the operational characteristics of the economy, to support businesses involved in major infrastructure projects. Loans advanced to infrastructure industries including transportation, power generation, public utility, construction and energy projects exceeded RMB197.679 billion, equivalent to 53.00% of all the new loans.
" Supporting the national measures to assist agriculture, farmers and the countryside and small-and- medium-sized businesses, in order to provide equal assistance to develop all social groups. At the end of 2009, our agriculture-related loans balance was RMB249.279 billion, an increase of 47.14% from the beginning of the year; loans to small businesses was RMB39.546 billion, an increase of 132.86% from the beginning of the year. Amongst these, the Zhan Ye Tong loans support fi nancing, settlement, cash management services and wealth management for small businesses. It also showed signifi cant increase with a balance of RMB39.071 billion, an increase of 154.70% as compared to the beginning of the year.
" Supporting the national strategy of balanced and harmonised economic development across regions, we actively participated in regional development and simultaneously realised optimisation of regional structure and client structure. Especially in early 2009 when the Central Government made the decision to build Shanghai Two-Center , the Bank, as the sole listed bank headquartered in Shanghai, signed a Memorandum of Comprehensive Cooperation with the Municipal Government of Shanghai. This agreement helped to accelerate the development of the Bank into a fi nancial fl agship to commensurate with Shanghai s status as the global fi nancial center a goal that we will fi ght for. On the other hand, this is also the potential future development opportunity of the Bank.
" Strictly adhering to the national industrial policies with the Green Credit standardisation, thereby continuously improving asset quality while promoting sustainable development. In 2009, the Bank exited 45 projects in restricted and prohibited categories listed by the State and also decreased RMB506 million in credit, resulting in a decrease of 0.12 percentage points in the proportion of industry-wide loans.
Other than contributing to the economic development through our services, the Bank also helped the poor in various ways, in order to share our prosperous results with all. In 2009, the Bank granted loans and made donations to RMB135 million, amounting to RMB2.20 per share, a stable increase from the previous years. The loans and donations were used to support education, natural disaster recovery, reconstruction of post-earthquake areas, and help the poor.
MACROECONOMIC AND FINANCIAL SITUATION The global fi nancial crisis caused trillions of losses to the world economy over the last year and wreaked havoc on the global economic and fi nancial system and development trend. With recovery from the economic trough, the development of the banking and fi nancial industry moved into the post-crisis and will face new opportunities and 
Externally, the international macroeconomy is still facing many complexities and uncertainties. Although the economies of most of the economically developed countries have stepped out of the recession, the basis for the growth is still fragile. Prices of major international commodities, such as petroleum, and the US dollar exchange rates are more volatile and crises regarding potential default of sovereign debt arise from time to time. Sustained economic recovery is still not apparent, and may embark upon a winding path, with regional fi nancial risks not 
In terms of China s domestic economic development, the Chinese economy is among the fi rst to enter into the post-crisis era. As basic economic factors are steadily improving, promoting changes in development model and restructures of the economy become the key areas for macroeconomic policies. Export experienced mild recovery, investments cooled and domestic consumption became the new engine of growth. The Chinese economy will gradually enter into the phase of balanced growth, powered by investment, consumption and export. The Bank s future growth model, its business structure and sources of profi t will adapt to the changes 
From the perspective of credit and capital markets, there is adequate market liquidity, increasing pressure from expected infl ation and asset price bubbles, and the more fl exible and targeted macroeconomic policies were adopted and, there are more requirements on the management of commercial banks. Key measures such as enhancing the capital adequacy ratio, strengthening core debt bearing capabilities, consolidating the client base, adjusting the business structure, creating new businesses, enhancing pricing fl exibility and interest spreads, mitigating risk and minimising credit cost will continue to be the focus of the Bank for improving its core competitiveness and the realisation of higher profi t target.

Every crisis is a correction of the previous path, and each newly developed path has the inheritance of the previous one. Although fi nancial innovation was initially being doubted owing to the global fi nancial crisis, which even led to the slow down of fi nancial globalisation and the discontinuation of related business lines. However the Bank, based on its observation of the history of fi nancial development, believes that fi nancial innovation will continue to power the development of the economy and fi nance, while globalisation and integration are still the drivers for the future development of the fi nancial industry. The Bank will forge ahead with innovation and optimisation of its development plans, profi t models and business structures, while implementing its strategy of becoming an internationalised and integrated fi rst-class bank focused on wealth management .
" Continuing own support to the macroeconomic policies of the Central Government, maintaining a suitable growth rate and a balanced development structure. On the one hand, the Bank will strictly adhering to the guidance of state policies, the Bank will continuously optimise its credit structure, increase its credit support to strategic emerging industries such as low-carbon economy, agriculture, farmers and the countryside , small businesses and personal consumption. On the other hand, the Bank will complete its rights issues of A shares and H shares to increase its capital strength and improve its management of liabilities, in order to provide adequate and stable liquidity for the healthy and rapid growth across all business lines.
" Adapting to the latest characteristics of economic and fi nancial developments to accelerate its strategic transformation. This will lay a fi rm foundation for sustainable development. On the one hand, the Bank will realise its balanced development in scale, quality and effi ciency by strengthening its management of pricing and innovation in business. On the other hand, the Bank will strengthen its fee-based businesses, and focus on the uniqueness of wealth management business in order to explore opportunities within and further cultivate new sources of profi t.
" Continuing the implementation of the strategy of becoming an International fi rst-class universal banking group featured in wealth management by expanding its international and integrated network platform to enhance its competitive advantage. First, the Bank will strengthen its international network and management advantages, upgrade the businesses of its overseas subsidiaries, enhance its strategic alliance with HSBC and improving the globalisation of its management practices. Second, the Bank will strengthen its advantages on integration of operations by further widening the comprehensive service platform and accelerating the comprehensive development of its subsidiaries. Third, the Bank will utilise its international and universal operation platform and its advantages to accelerate the launching and development of its wealth management products and services, while further increasing its core competitiveness in wealth 
" Continuing to strengthen risk management and internal control by capitalising on the opportunity of implementing the New Basel Capital Accord and speed up the development of a comprehensive post- compliance risk management framework. We will keep a close eye on key risk areas, strengthen the process for credit risk management, boost our liquidity risk management and monitoring, optimise market risk management and measures and emphasising on compliance risks by continuously improving our internal 
" Accelerating structural innovations and improving management competency. The Bank will steadily implement the Organisation Structure and Process Optimisation project, the Human Resources and Performance Review Optimisation project, the Industry-wide Operation System Development project, the Product Business Innovation Management project, the Global Client Comprehensive Liability Management System project and the New-generation Overseas Branch Information System Building project to form a concerted, effi cient and easy-to-manage operation and management framework and thus providing a fi rm foundation for business and strategic developments.
" The Bank will capitalise on the opportunities presented by the construction of the Two-Center , to engage in the process of constructing Shanghai as a fi nancial center, and to develop its niche in shipping fi nancing.
This will help to transform the Bank into a fi nancial fl agship commensurate with Shanghai s future position as an international fi nancial center. As the sole global commercial banking partner of 2010 Shanghai World Expo, the Bank will strive to provide fi rst-class fi nancial services for the Expo. This is not only a social responsibility, but will also help to propel the Bank s development into 2010 and beyond.
Thousands of ships sail past a sunken boat and thousands of trees will blossom again in spring after a plagued tree. After the severe challenges posed by the global fi nancial crisis, the international banking industry will surely embrace a new era of prosperity. Through this crisis, the Chinese banking industry has gained maturity and confi dence. For the future development, the Bank s objectives has become clearer and the pace is more balanced, the rhythm is steadier, and the attitude is more prudent. The Bank will remain steadfast in its work, improve its management capabilities and accelerate its restructuring. In tandem with the Bank s implementation of the International fi rst-class universal banking group featured in wealth management strategy, the Bank will progress well into the new century! 
