Chairman s Statement Hu Huaibang Chairman The year 2011 marked the beginning of China s 12th Five-Year Plan . Facing a complex and changing economic environment, our Central Government took effective measures in macroeconomic control. As a result, the Chinese economy maintained strong growth, with stabilised consumer prices, good profi tability and improved living standards for average citizens. The banking industry in China actively seized the opportunities of this growth and facilitated the economic transformation and structural adjustment. With its full support to the development of real economy in China, the banking industry laid a solid foundation for its own steady growth.
Over the past year, with concerted efforts of its management and employees, the Bank achieved new milestones in its reform and business development, and got off to a fl ying start of its 12th Five- Year Plan . As at the end of 2011, the Bank s total assets and net profi t reached RMB4,610 billion and RMB50.735 billion. Average return on assets (ROAA) and average return on shareholders equity (ROAE) reached 1.19% and 20.52%, representing an increase of 0.11 and 0.32 percentage points, respectively.
The Bank made into the list of Fortune 500 Companies for three consecutive years, ranking No. 398. In addition, the Bank ranked No. 35 in terms of tier-one capital among the top global 1000 banks, and its credit rating was upgraded to A category by three large international credit rating agencies for the fi rst time.
We fully understand that the above excellent performance was driven by the steady development of the Chinese economy, as well as effective macroeconomic regulations and fi nancial supervision by regulators. The Bank also highly valued the great support from our shareholders, customers and the communities we serve. On behalf of the Bank, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to you.
IMPLEMENTATION OF BOCOM STRATEGY In 2011, with collective efforts of management and employees, the Bank continued to promote the BoCom Strategy. A series of new progress has been accomplished during the year.
On the internationalisation front, our global fi nancial services are further expanded. In 2011, our subsidiary bank in the UK and new branches in Ho Chi Minh City, San Francisco and Sydney were opened for business.
We also obtained the approval for preparation of our Taipei Branch opening. As a result of our strategy in building an Asia-Pacifi c focused overseas network extended to Europe and America , an international network has been formed. Our overseas branches, including Bocom UK Ltd. made great achievements, with its total assets and net profi ts accounted for 7.20% and 3.46% of the Group s at year end, respectively. In addition, our partnership with HSBC was further strengthened.
On the comprehensive banking front, we further strengthened our comprehensive fi nancial services capabilities. During the year, the Bank initiated the establishment of Bank of Tibet, which enabled the Bank to extend its services to all provinces in China. The Bank continued to improve its capabilities in servicing the agriculture, rural areas and farmers (the Three Rural ) sector, through investing in Shihezi Bocom Rural Bank in Xinjiang and preparing the establishment of Laoshan Bocom Rural Bank in Qingdao. Total net profi ts of subsidiaries (excluding Bocom UK Ltd.) recognised for the year was RMB1.080 billion, representing contributions of 2.13% to the Group s net profi t.
On the wealth management front, we have fully relied on international and integrated platforms in enhancing our wealth management features. As at the end of 2011, private banking and OTO customers increased by 42.38% and 29.42% respectively. Medium to high-end Win-To-Fortune customers increased by 17.3% as compared with the prior year. Meanwhile, we also lead the market trend of wealth management, through publishing the Wealth Management Market Index and hosting the Outstanding Chinese Entrepreneurs Wealth Management Summit , etc. Through relentless efforts, the Bank further promoted its brand image as the Best Wealth Management Bank in the market. The Bank was also awarded the Best Local Cash Management Bank in China for three consecutive years by AsiaMoney.
While we are pleased with the remarkable results in our strategy implementation, we also understand that the fi nal part of an endeavour is always the hardest to fi nish. Looking into the future, we will continue to focus on developing our overseas branch network and coordinating our business operation between domestic and overseas markets, to reach a higher level in terms of internationalisation in our business operation. We will also accelerate the development of our subsidiaries and enhance our business collaboration for the goal of becoming a universal fi nancial institution with adequate capital, excellent performance, risk isolation, effective collaboration, and strong capabilities . To establish its unique position in the market, the Bank will expand its high-end customer base, and increase the market share and profi t contribution of wealth management business. We are fully confi dent that our BoCom Strategy will be a successful one, and are looking forward to the bright future that it will bring to the Bank.
ECONOMIC TRANSFORMATION AND STRUCTURAL ADJUSTMENT The 12th Five-Year Plan period is a critical one for China s transformation of its economic development pattern and structural adjustment. The fi nancial services industry is dependent on and supportive of the economy.
During the economic transformation period, the Bank must actively respond to the rapidly changing regulatory environment and market trend, maintain good reform momentum and create vitality for business operation. We aimed at optimising our resource allocation, enhancing effi ciency and supporting our social development through the process of the Bank s own transformation and structural adjustment. As a large commercial bank, we are fully aware of the importance of banking reform and strived to make signifi cant progress in our business, to ensure a successful start of the 12th Five-Year Plan .
Our role in supporting the economy will never change. We carefully implemented the national macroeconomic policies of our Government and optimised our credit structure, with increased fi nancing support to strategic emerging industries, energy conservation and environmental protection projects, technology and innovation, and cultural and modern service industries. Furthermore, we promoted coordinated development of regional economy, and put in more efforts in supporting the Three Rural sector and micro and small enterprises. In 2011, total lending to encouraged sectors increased by 18.41% for the Bank. The proportion of loans made to domestic small to medium and micro enterprises and Central and Western regions of China reached 39.39% and 27.8% respectively, with continuous drop in loans made to highly polluting energy-intensive sectors and sectors with redundant capacity.
The Second Reform of the Bank in operation and management was launched. Different from the First Reform driven by the conversion to a shareholding bank followed by public offering, the Second Reform , which started in mid-year 2011, primarily focuses on management innovation, reshaping its strength as a large scale but fl exible fi nancial institution and internal transformation. With respect to the objectives, tasks and key focuses of the Second Reform , we conducted various bank-wide research and analysis. By pulling strength and wisdom of our employees, we reached consensus among all departments. In addition, we are delighted to see the preliminary results of our reform in the areas of organisational structure and performance evaluation refl ecting improvements made in the related systems.
Our assets and income structure had been actively adjusted. While adjusting the lending structure, we continued to expand the asset-based business by strengthening our businesses in securities investment, treasury operation and structured fi nancing. We also increased the proportion of non-credit assets and operating profi t margin of non-credit funds. In driving the transformation of our profi t model, the Bank carried out business innovation on value-added services and process reengineering for cost reduction. Total net fee and commission income amounted to RMB19.549 billion for the year, representing an increase of 35.02% as compared with the prior year. Rate of return on securities investment continued to be among the top of listed 
Great attention had been paid in minimising capital consumption on business development. Under the guidance and support from regulators, the Bank took the opportunity of applying the internal-based ratings approach to expand the application of RAROC (Return On Risk-Adjusted Capital). The results from developing our internal-based ratings approach have been embedded into the existing underwriting process.
In addition, we made continuous improvement in policies, framework, process and system of the internal capital adequacy assessment, and strived to reduce capital consumption in our business development.
Meanwhile, the Bank lead the various business lines towards the path of capital saving and promoted the transformation of development model from high to low capital consumption through expanding the reform of performance management system and strengthening its evaluation in economic capital.
ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL Strengthening risk management and internal control is always the lifetime commitment to a commercial bank.
A small negligence could lead to possible major break-downs. Currently, the effects of the global fi nancial crisis have not yet completely dissipated, but the fi nancial institutions in China have experienced fast growth in their loan portfolio for several years. We also saw signs of slowdown in the Chinese economy, coupled with prudent monetary policy of the Government, as well as innovation in risk management ideas and risk measurement tools for international banks. As a result of these multiple intervening factors, the banking industry in China is entering into a real test period of the quality of their development achieved from the previous years.
In 2011, the Bank made continuous improvement in enterprise-wide risk management and strived to achieve complete coverage on policies, procedures and risk measures. We established the 1+3+2 and 1+2 risk management committee frameworks for the Head Offi ce and branches respectively. New risk management tools were introduced to improve effi ciencies of risk evaluations. We also actively pushed for the compliance with the new Basel Capital Accord, developed a series of rules and regulations, and enhanced the application of risk measurement tools in the Bank s management, structural adjustment and decision-making process. The Bank fully complied with the Internal Control Standards for Enterprises and the related guidelines, with solid implementation of proper internal control system, as well as engaging a professional fi rm to carry out its internal control audit.
In particular, we closely monitored the changes in macroeconomic policies, industry regulations and market trends, with focuses on key risk areas. We aimed at keeping risks to a minimum level, and enhancing the applicability and forward-looking aspects of our risk prevention activities. On one hand, we placed high importance on loans made to high risk areas, such as the local government fi nancing platforms, real estate industries and customers associated with private lending. We also carried out bank-wide special risk investigations to further strengthen our credit and operational risk management. On the other hand, the Bank actively responded to the tightened monetary policy and adopted an integrated approach to group management. The Bank performed stress testing on liquidity gap and further strengthened its overall risk management capabilities in the risk areas of market, country, consolidation, reputation and information technology, etc.
As a result of our solid risk management undertakings, we achieved the reductions in both the non-performing loan balance and the non-performing loan (NPL) ratio by the year-end, with the NPL ratio dropped to 0.86%. The provision coverage ratio increased by 70.53 percentage points to 256.37%, as compared with the prior year. We are in full compliance with the CARPALs set by CBRC.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES The Board of Directors (the Board ) and Senior Management consist of experienced professionals from the economic and fi nancial sector. They are all faithful and diligent, with remarkable intelligence and experience. We believe that they are the right people to lead the Bank in its development of various businesses.
The Board duly executed its duties and responsibilities in its decision-making and supervisory capacities, with tremendous achievements made in 2011. In addition to its responsibilities in strategy implementation, business transformation, structural adjustment and risk management, the Board carefully studied the national 12th Five- Year Plan and developed the Strategic Plan for Bank of Communications during the 12th Five-Year Plan Period (2011 2015) , based on the past experience gained through reform initiatives at the Bank. To continue its improvements in operation, the Board delivered 29 specifi c measures covering 10 aspects in capacity building of the Board, which laid a solid foundation for future development in the Bank s corporate governance. In addition, the Board standardised its management of information disclosure and constantly improved the communication with the capital market through investor relations management as a Communication Bridge . As an outstanding corporate citizen, the Board actively carried out its corporate responsibilities and is dedicated to building a unique corporate culture at the Bank.
In 2011, Mr. Qian Hongyi, Mr. Ji Guoqiang and Mr. Chen Qingtai resigned as Directors for reasons of retirement or job re-designation. Over the years, they have diligently performed their duties and contributed signifi cantly to the development of the Bank. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to them. On the other hand, the General Meeting of Shareholders appointed Ms. Du Yuemei and Mr. Ma Qiang as Non-executive Directors, and Mr. Choi Yiu Kwan as Independent Non-executive Director. The three new Directors are reputable and possess extensive experience and knowledge in the fi eld of economy and fi nancial management. I would like to extend my warmest welcome to them and look forward to working with them in the 
In 2011, under the capable leadership of the President, Mr. Niu Ximing, Senior Management proactively responded to dual challenges of national policy adjustments and market changes, by fully implementing the various macroeconomic control measures of the Government, as well as innovation and enhancement of the Bank s competitiveness and risk management capabilities. The Bank successfully accomplished the various operating goals set out by the Board. The achievement of the Bank s management is remarkable, given the increasingly complex market environment under prudent monetary policy, stringent regulatory standards and intense market competition. The Board and I would like to make our recognition for the great contributions by our Senior Management team.
Not only have we had an excellent leader and management team, we also have a team of loyal and capable staff.
In 2011, we continued to enhance the Soft Power in our corporate culture, and vigorously promoted the spirits of Working Hard, Corporate Responsibilities and Beyond Innovation . We also integrated the concept of One BoCom, One Customer into our corporate culture, to inspire our employees in their career development with the 
The banking industry is inherently pro-cyclical and correlates with the economic development. Looking into the future, the Chinese banking industry will face increasingly complex environment, with the rapid growth of past years in both scale and profi t unsustainable. However, we strongly believe that the steady growth in the overall Chinese economy will continue, which will offer tremendous opportunities to the banking sector. We will stay committed to our mission and achieve a balanced growth among scale, quality and effi ciency, by focusing on the main goals of Steady Development, Transformation, Risk Control, Reform and Solid Performance .
We will proactively align the Bank s strategy with our national strategy, strive to improve our service quality and remain committed to support the economic transformation. We will continue to optimise our lending and asset structure to enhance our sustainable development capabilities by meeting the needs arising from industrial optimisation and upgrading, expansion of consumer consumption, and coordinated regional development, as well as seizing the opportunities brought by the rapid growth of new emerging industries.
While maintaining our credit income at a strong level and leveraging our strength via the BoCom Strategy , together with the special features of wealth management, we will continue to adjust our income structure by increasing revenue streams generated from non-credit businesses and its proportion to total income.
We will move forward with reforms of our system and structure to generate our intrinsic power for development. We will also push for the Second Reform . To ensure that our reform achieves the desired objectives, we will focus on key areas such as performance measurement, front offi ce structure and operational procedures, as well as product innovation and authorisation management. We will also continue to implement the integrated management strategy of the Group, with improvements made to the One Bank, One Customer management system, as well as accelerating the establishment of the Group management framework and mechanism across various operating units, profi t centres and business lines.
We will enhance our research and analysis on market trends, and continue to strengthen our enterprise risk management capabilities by standardising and integrating policies and procedures, and reinforcing the risk management framework. We will also take precautions in risk prevention by focusing on key risk areas such as the local government fi nancing platforms, real estate industry and private lending.
We will improve our capital management through timely replenishment of core capital. We will also make further enhancement in our capital planning, with tighter control in internal capital and enhancement in the assessment, structure, process and IT system of capital adequacy. In addition, we will take a step forward in monitoring of risk assets and reduction of capital consumption. Furthermore, we will develop and implement a supplementary capital refi nancing plan according to the regulatory requirements and market conditions, to reinforce our capital base and support our BoCom Strategy and business development.
The prospects envisioned by the nation s 12th Five-Year Plan has been gradually unfolded in front of us, but what we see today is the economic and fi nancial environment full of profound changes, opportunities and challenges. Therefore, we will stay focused on the most important goals steady growth, reform and transformation. I am fully confi dent that we will be able to write a brilliant chapter on the success of our reform and provide better returns to our shareholders with excellent results.

