Chairman s Statement 
2008 was an extremely eventful and tumultuous year. At the same time when our country celebrated its 30th anniversary of market reform, our Bank also celebrated its centennial anniversary. Our Bank has long been upholding its tradition and reputation and remained strong through years of drastic changes in the last thirty years of Chinese history. As a pioneer of reform in the Chinese banking industry inheriting the century-long fi nancial brand of China, we have witnessed the evolution of the Chinese fi nancial industry and led the reform and development of the Chinese banking industry in the past twenty years. During this extraordinary time, I sincerely appreciate the immense trust and support showed by our shareholders and directors. With full understanding of the considerable responsibilities of leading such an excellent bank, I remain committed to do my best, working with all staff in the Bank, to scale new heights in the future.

With strong support from both our domestic and overseas shareholders, our customers, the public and joint efforts by our staff, the Bank achieved remarkable results where respective lines of business scaled new heights in 2008, despite the impact of the global fi nancial turmoil on the domestic economy. At 31 December 2008, our total assets were more than RMB2,600 billion, an increase of 27.13% since the beginning of the year. Net profi t for 2008 reached RMB28.393 billion, an increase of 40.05% as compared to last year while return on average total assets and return on average shareholders equity grew to 1.19% and 20.10%, respectively, representing an increase of 0.13 and 1.94 percentage points, respectively, as compared to the previous year. Capital adequacy ratio and core capital adequacy ratio were 13.47% and 9.54%, respectively, maintaining at a relatively high level. Buoyed by the steady growth Tier 1 Capital ranking Total assets ranking 54 th 66 th With strong support from both our domestic and overseas shareholders, our customers, the public and joint efforts by our staff, the Bank achieved remarkable results where respective line of business scaled new heights in 2008, despite the impact of the global fi nancial turmoil on the domestic economy.
in operating results, the Bank is the fi rst major domestic listed bank to declare interim dividends to our shareholders, enabling them to share the success of our Bank.

There is a Chinese adage that the most problematic tribulation of the world are those appear peaceful on the surface underneath which lie uncertainties and mishaps. This aptly describes the current global fi nancial crisis. After years of prosperity, the hidden ills associated with high gearing model fi nally surfaced in 2008. Worsening global fi nancial crisis led to the demise of long established fi nancial institutions and caused the slowdown in global economic growth. There is also downward pressure on China s economy as a result.
Even though economic and market volatilities can hardly be avoided, the scale of fl uctuations in recent months are unprecedented. We learnt that a growth model based on high leverage is unsustainable. This, with the compromise in risk management, will ultimately lead to failure. In contrast, our Bank has always adhered to its long-held philosophy to pursue steady and sustainable growth, which turns out to be 
Of course, there are no innocent bystanders in turbulent times as the folk says. With the globalisation and interdependency between different fi nancial markets across the globe, it is unlikely that any fi nancial institution would be immune from the negative impact of this global fi nancial crisis. Our risk management and internal controls faced severe challenges as the crisis continued to unfold and deepen. However, benefi ted from our core value of maintaining prudent operation as persistently upheld and comprehensive risk management policies and tools that we built up over the years, we remained least affected. We strengthened the risk control over foreign currency-denominated investments, thus liquidating the investments in debt securities issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac timely and allowing us not only to avoid substantial losses but rather made a small profi t. The Bank also disposed of most of its high-risk Lehman Brothers debt securities and made suffi cient impairment allowances for overseas debt securities, so that the risks of its overseas investments were effectively managed.
As the fi nancial crisis continues to rage across the planet causing more severe impact on the global economies, there are more uncertain and volatile factors in the international economy. China s economy is entering into an adjustment period. Facing complicated and austere economic environment, the Bank has adopted various measures to enhance its risk management. We have implemented our 2008 2010 Comprehensive Risk Management Plan, so as to formalise responsibilities in risk management among the various business units, improve our risk management techniques and tools, and optimise our risk management process. These unrelenting efforts allow the Bank s impaired loans ratio to decline to 1.92% while provision coverage of impaired loans has increased to 166.10% in 2008. Assets quality remained stable. Our ability to resist risks and capability to grow during different economic times is further 
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES The Bank recognises that opportunity and responsibility are proportional . We faithfully fulfi lled our corporate social responsibilities. We believe in the co-existence, the mutual benefi ts and the joint development of both the Bank and its stakeholders. In the aftermath of the Wenchuan Earthquake in May 2008, the Bank felt deeply for the victims and contributed generously, donating more than RMB80 million and granting more than RMB16 billion of disaster-relief and reconstruction-related loans. In addition, the Bank fulfi lled its pledge to continue its Moving Towards Tomorrow Bank of Communications Disabled Youth Scholarship Scheme and cumulatively donated RMB40 million to China Welfare Fund for the Handicapped at the end of 2008 to help improving the quality of life of the disadvantaged.
In addition, the Bank actively participated in various community events, including the biggest events in China. In 2008, the Beijing Olympics provided an excellent opportunity for the Bank to improve its service quality. The Bank fully accomplished its mission to provide Olympics fi nancial services, contributing to the smooth and effi cient fi nance operations during the Beijing Olympics. Moreover, as the sole global commercial bank partner of the World Expo 2010 Shanghai China, the Bank has provided credit facilities of up to RMB17.5 billion for the land development and site construction of the World Expo, enabling the smooth completion of the construction of the Shanghai Expo pavilion.
To strive for a perfect balance between the profi t making and social good, the Bank continued to operate its various lines of business in a highly responsible manner in 2008. The Bank was the fi rst among its peers to initiate and implement the Green Credit project and the fi rst domestic commercial bank to implement the environmental impact classifi cation of its loan customers and its lines of business.
We have stepped up our efforts to support national key development zones, strategic development projects, energy conservation projects, agriculture and rural development projects and small-and-medium enterprises and loans of more than RMB114 billion were granted. These efforts led to fruitful results. We supported the long-term sustainable development of the national economy while diversifying our operating risks and improving our assets quality.
For our outstanding performance, the Bank has been awarded the Innovest Corporate Responsibility Award according to the annual domestic commercial banks competitiveness report released by The Chinese Banker magazine in 2008 . This presented us an incentive to continue to fulfi ll our corporate social responsibilities more diligently and proactively.

Our market position, brand recognition and corporate image were further boosted by our impressive operating results, prudent business management and harmonious relationship with the community.
According to the listing of Top 1000 World Banks in 2008 published by the British magazine The Banker, the Bank s ranking by Tier 1 capital and total assets rose from 68th to 54th place and 69th to 66th place, respectively. According to Bloomberg, the Bank was ranked the 10th in terms of market capitalisation among global commercial banks, and this was the fi rst time that we entered in the Top 10 since our Bank was listed. The Bank took the opportunity of its centennial celebrations to further strengthen its image of one with a long and rich history and to promote our results of reform and development. Our brand image was further enhanced by the overwhelming responses from the public. In 2008, the Bank also won more than 100 other awards from various authoritative magazines, including Most Effi cient Bank Award Best State-Owned Bank Award and Best Corporate Governance Enterprise in China .
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT It is said that if there is a storm on the mountain, more important than the plan are the people you have with you. This demonstrates the huge importance of a competent management team to a modern enterprise. The talents and tremendous efforts of our approximately 80,000 employees have assisted the Bank weather the challenges faced during 2008 to achieve exemplary results.
There were signifi cant changes to the composition of the Bank s Board of Directors in 2008. Mr. Jiang Chaoliang resigned as Chairman of the Board of Directors due to reassignment of work. As a senior banker, Mr. Jiang had a strong knowledge of fi nancial theory, substantial experience in commercial bank management, and excellent professional ethics. During his tenure as Chairman, Mr. Jiang led the Bank to the successful completion of the trilogy of the share reform, being Reorganisation , Fund Raising and Listing , and made signifi cant contributions to our business reforms through his exemplary leadership capabilities and strategic foresight. With great reluctance, we saw Mr. Jiang s departure. Nevertheless, I would like to take this opportunity to express my deepest gratitude to Mr. Jiang on behalf of the Bank and its employees. We also express our best wishes for his new position. It is also our desire that he can contribute further to China s fi nancial market reform and development in his new posting.
In addition, Mr. Timothy D. Dattels, Mr. Li Keping and Mr. Gao Shiqing resigned from their positions as Directors due to personal reasons in 2008. Mr. Ji Guoqiang, Mr. Lei Jun and Mr. Qian Hongyi were appointed to the Board as new members. The Bank expresses its deepest gratitude to Mr. Dattels, Mr.
Li and Mr. Gao, who had diligently performed their duties, provided valuable opinions and suggestions, and made numerous contributions during their tenure as Directors. Each of Mr. Ji, Mr. Lei and Mr. Qian possesses a wealth of professional experience in the fi eld of fi nancial investments, accounting and auditing. We believe that they will work closely with other Directors of the Board to continue to enhance our corporate governance and further our strategic development, jointly promoting the business growth of 
In 2008, our senior management team conscientiously and actively explored and developed various lines of business amid drastic market changes in a diligent manner. We will also strive to implement all Board resolutions resolutely and consistently and generate the maximum value for our shareholders. I am honoured to be able to work alongside such a professional and dedicated management team, and I believe our joint efforts will steer us closer to our development goals.

Sun Tzu once said, it is of paramount importance to have a comprehensive strategy before action. From history, we have seen how large international banks persevered after selecting the right strategy and committing to such strategy in their management for continued success over time. Our Bank, with one hundred years of tradition, now fi nds itself at the beginning of a new phase of development with an urgent need to further develop its global vision, enhance its strategy map, set out clear goals and select suitable model to progress, rejuvenate and achieve sustainable development in a scientifi c manner.
Bearing in mind the above understanding, based on our existing goals and our work on strategic transformation, we carried out a comprehensive analysis to further defi ne our strategy of being a fi rst- class public bank group focused on wealth management services by means of international expansion and by providing comprehensive services . This strategy had taken into consideration the Bank s fi rst- mover advantage in international business and integrated fi nancial services. In addition, this strategy would also ensure continued focus on the Bank s policy on strategic transformation, with emphasis on its wealth management business. The coordination and continuity of the strategy can be ensured, thus providing a clear direction for future development.
To achieve this strategic goal, we will pursue external expansion and internal growth concurrently.
In terms of external expansion, we focused on the international expansion and the provision of comprehensive services. We aim to achieve the globalisation of our service network, business structure and operational management expertise, increase our service coverage, and realise synergy effects between different lines of businesses. On the other hand, internal growth focuses on enhancing customer values and we will continue to invest considerable efforts on our wealth management business. This new business model allows us to enhance our core competitiveness through differentiation. We will also strive to bring key areas such as corporate governance, fi nancial indicators, management, service quality level and corporate social responsibilities to those of international standards. In our capacity as a listed bank, we will diligently fulfi ll our responsibilities as a modern corporate citizen and maximise the interests of our stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, employees and our country. This will be a long-term strategic goal which our Bank, as a whole, will strive towards.
CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES The current global fi nancial crisis we are facing has crippled the global economy into its worst situation since the Great Depression of the 1930s. Although the crisis itself does not have a signifi cant direct impact on the Chinese banking industry, the resultant global economic downturn also hurts the Chinese economy which has long been export-driven and largely depends on the foreign direct investments.
The Chinese economy is now facing the most challenging times since the beginning of the twenty-fi rst century. Likewise, the Chinese banking industry is also subject to the most severe test since the joint 
The development of the Bank s various lines of businesses will be made more diffi cult in the near future because of the economic downturn and the decline of global demand. Profi tability growth is also expected to slow down as a result of the combined effects of the weakened loan demands, narrowed interest margins, declining growth in fee-based income and increase in impairment allowances. This may result in a less rapid but more sustainable growth stage. In particular, under the pressures from the global fi nancial crisis and domestic economic downturn, risks, such as credit risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, liquidity risk and operational risk, may affect or aggravate one another. These can cause reactions that may be systematic or unexpected or that resemble of chain reactions. Thus, these risks, if not dealt with carefully, may trigger a butterfl y effect to cause massive losses.
Nevertheless, Peter F. Drucker, a leading management guru, once said, turbulent times present opportunities for those who are able to understand, acknowledge and make use of the changes to internal and external conditions . We must thus be able to seek opportunities while we analyse the diffi cult conditions we are facing.
On external front, there are no fundamental changes to China s economic growth. The national policies to promote domestic consumption and to stabilise growth have further provided commercial banks with opportunities for further loans growth. Changes to the regulatory policies have also provided us with more rooms for product innovations under less stringent regulatory supervision, and at the same time we will still continue to maintain effective risk control. The crisis has also accelerated the rebalancing of portfolio and asset allocation, leading to the rapid growth in new customers and new sectors and creating a favourable environment for commercial banks to explore new markets, exploit new driving forces for revenue, and develop diversifi ed operation for enhanced risk control.
In terms of the development of new businesses, the volatile economy has caused retail customers to readjust their personal assets structure. In addition, drastic fl uctuations in exchange rates and commodity prices have also increased the demand for risk prevention products by multinational corporations.
These presented opportunities and potentials for the Bank to develop its wealth management business.
Developments in the debt securities and foreign exchange markets are also benefi cial to banks developing underwriting business of debt securities, fi nancial consultancy and other investment banking- related businesses. In addition, this can further enhance our treasury business with the aim of increasing rate of returns.
In addition, we also noted that foreign banks were affected to varying extents by the global fi nancial crisis.
Again, this provided opportunities for us to further develop our international network through mergers and acquisitions. Moreover, as a response to the crisis, cooperation between commercial banks and non-bank institutions such as fund management companies, trust companies and securities companies are expected to be further strengthened. All these provided us with new opportunities to implement our strategy of comprehensive operation to develop a full range of services and to promote cross-selling.

History has shown that every major fi nancial crisis will bring about technical and system innovations and new global fi nancial and trading order. There is no exception this time. As such, in order to deal with the challenges and to capitalise on opportunities, the Bank will proactively respond as follows: " We will strengthen our strategic management and steadfastly implement our strategy. In addition, we will invest more resources in strategic areas, implement various measures strictly and put in place a post-implementation assessment mechanism to ensure that we are moving steadily towards globalisation and comprehensive operation in accordance with our strategic plan. Profi tability and core competitiveness of our wealth management business will need to be enhanced continuously, so as to give us a strong position in the new economic cycle.
" We will forge ahead the development of our various lines of business, so as to achieve fi rst-mover advantage and to out-perform the market. We will capitalise on the national policy to promote domestic consumption and maintain economic growth by strengthening our marketing efforts, focusing on critical sectors and major customers and improving our fi nancial services to small-and- medium enterprises and rural sector. This will result in a rapid development of the business as a whole and a sustainable growth based on the existing economies of scale.
" We will continue to enhance our internal management and to promote the transformation and innovation of processes and systems. We will also accelerate the construction of Process Bank and optimise our business process. This will further improve the productivity of the front offi ce, promote the cost reduction and enhance the operating effi ciency. We will also enhance our product innovation system, performance assessment mechanism and incentive scheme. In addition, brand management will also be strengthened so as to enhance the Bank s image and reputation.
" We will proactively cope with the global fi nancial crisis by strengthening our comprehensive risk management so as to enhance our ability to manage and resist risks and our capability to develop at all stages of the economic cycles. Moreover, we will continue to improve our risk management framework and mechanism in accordance with the requirements of the Bank of Communications 2008 2010 Comprehensive Risk Management Plan . Leveraging on the fund raising opportunities available in the market, we seek to maintain appropriate capital adequacy, liquidity and leverage ratios, while making suffi cient impairment allowances, so as to consolidate our foundation and safeguard against risks. We will closely monitor, prevent and mitigate the various risks we may face.
We have come a long way together over these years and we shall advance hand in hand in the journey ahead! As a state-owned listed commercial bank with a century-old established brand name, all of us in the Bank reckon our responsibilities and mission. Let us work together to achieve more stellar results and to bring greater glory! 
