Chairman s Statement Nothing in the world remains constant. In an era of rapid transformation, we believe that the crucial factor to succeed among the China s commercial banks in the future is to create more values for customers through financial innovation. We achieved this from the thorough understanding the customers demands and the high-expectation that we upheld in delivering our customer services. As a pioneer of China s financial reform and developer of financial innovation, BoCom has constantly and actively adapted to the economy New Normal . By placing our customer at the first priority, we optimise the internal system, network, operation and service procedures to tailor for our customers needs. This would be an essential step for us to excel under such rapid transformation 
Proactive adaptation to the New Normal Changes in speed, structure and momentum During the first decade of the 21st Century, China s economy grew rapidly, leading to drastic increase in profit of China s commercial banks, with significant decrease in non-performing loans. This has favoured many China s commercial banks to be the top banks in the world.
In viewing the current situation, China has entered into a New Normal with the slowdown in economic growth, shifting of core economic drive and the means of growth. On one hand, we have been facing a drop in demand, increase in expectation on deflation and constant exposure to high risk under the long and crucial transformation. On the other hand, China s economy, as a whole is still growing at medium-to-high speed, where new industrialisation, computerisation and urbanisation are under rapid development. The implementation of One Belt and One Road , Integration of Beijing-Tianjin- Hebei and Yangtze River Economic Zone fosters new investment demand. Chinese enterprises strategy of go global and the internationalisation of Renminbi also provide new market opportunities. In particular, the China s banking sector is facing pressures from narrowing interest spread of deposits and loans, change of social financing method and the relapse of the non- performing loans, but the China market also provides an opportunity for reform and transformation. Under such circumstances, we responded proactively to changes in speed, structure and momentum. We insisted on upholding the operation principle of expansion with better efficiency and take good advantage of the increment in credit assets and enhance the asset quality of the existing credit assets. Our main business goal is to promote deposit, stabilise profitability and control risks, in order to stimulate the operating vitality and market competitiveness and maintain deposits balance, for ensuring stable profit growth and asset quality.
Changes in speed. The change in China s economic growth from high to medium-to-high speed indicates that the assets and profit of China s commercial banks growth is slowing down. As a bank with century-old history, we actively adapted to the economic New Normal , and upheld the principle of long-term stable business, to maintain sustainability and the sound development of all sectors of our businesses.
Changes in structure. Optimisation and upgrading of economic structure require China s commercial banks to allocate assets accordingly as the external environment changes. The narrowed interest spread required us to control cost carefully. We maintained profitability of loans through pricing management and integrated financial service to strive for much higher income from intermediary business. We were glad to see that the Group s income structure has been continuously optimised, with fee and commission income for the year ended 31 December 2014 increased by 14.00% on a year-on-year basis. The customer structure has clearly improved, especially the number of corporate customers and middle-to-high end individual customers increased swiftly, attracting more high net worth customers. The strategy of international expansion and integration is implemented efficiently. The total profits of overseas branches and the Bank s subsidiaries accounted for 8.50% in the Group, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.55 percentage point.
Changes in momentum. The China s economic development has charged from factor driven, investment driven to innovation driven. This challenges market responsiveness of commercial banks head office. As a result, we reform the divisional structure to enhance the operational ability of the Head Office, in order to form the two wheel drive by profit centres of divisional structure and the branches. In the meanwhile, we reformed the operation model of grass-root institutions and further took advantages of linkage of domestic and overseas businesses, and the Group s cross-market operations. We believe that this would gradually form a new operation mode of mutual collaboration and joint development between domestic and overseas business, between banks and non-banks, and between divisions and branches. In recent years, there were 6 divisions set up in Head Office, namely financial market, asset management, notes, precious metal, offshore and credit card centre. In 2014, these divisions, as a whole achieved a year-on-year increase of 23.44% in net operating income.
A wise man changes as time and circumstances change it is the right time to deepen the reform The Bank was founded because of China s financial reform. It grew under the financial open-up and innovation. The Bank always has the genes for reform and the drive for innovation. In such a critical period that China is facing drastic reform, we are always ready to raise internal control ability comprehensively through wide reform in corporate governance mechanism.
In 2014, we have made a small step in our journey towards reform. While carrying forward the reform of divisional structure and quasi-divisional structure, the Group positively conducts feasibility study on the reform to deepen and to improve the corporate governance 
We will take a bigger step in 2015. New steps have been taken on the way to explore the corporate governance mechanism that is suitable for Chinese corporation to improve performance linked remuneration mechanism, to establish systems that employees are accountable for risks, and to build a system of accountability.
The water appears to be wide when there is no tide and the sail is lifted with the downwind transformation is 
We understood that the traditional growth model of China s banking sector issuing loans, attracting deposits, and raising profits , has ended. The transformation is irresistible. We will be backed up by China s economic growth, to align with the go global strategy of Chinese enterprises and internationalization of Renminbi, and constantly build up the best wealth management bank of China based on vast service network and solid customer base to support sustainable 
The BoCom Strategy is to become a first class listed global banking group, focusing on international expansion and specialising in wealth management, leading to BoCom s transformation. In the current and coming periods, BoCom will continue to expand its service globally by increasing the business license held, intensifying strategic collaboration and industrial characteristics; and to enhance the market status, profit contribution, and strengthen cross-border, cross- industry and cross-market operation ability and service 
The implementation of physical outlets, e-banking and relationship managers will be the foundation of the transformation. The upgrade and specialisation of physical outlets, innovation and intelligent e-banking and the increase in the number and capability of relationship managers, will make the Group s transformation much more vigorous and dynamic. In addition, we will take advantages of internet finance platform to build up an internet finance bank through innovative direct selling model. We aim to enable customers to perform comprehensive wealth management service via one-click , and improve both asset returns and 
Effective risk control will be critical to safeguard the transformation. Banking industry is a high risk industry.
Banks are primarily exposed to risks related to asset quality. A bank s success does not merely depend on how fast a bank expands, but also how long a bank survives. With the anticipation of future risks, we devoted a significant amount of resources on mitigating potential risks in the past two years. This boosts our confidence to go further and be more stable down the road of transformation.
Our ability of controlling cost is crucial to the transformation. The decline in revenue growth requires us to control cost to maintaining profitability. Therefore, we will further control the deposit cost and aim to increase the amount and stabilise the price in the deposit business. At the same time, we will control the labour cost by improving labour productivity, strictly control operating expenses by continuously adjusting outlets and reducing daily operating cost.
Improving services is our eternal pursuit throughout the transformation. We have been awarded many times in the China s banking sector and we will devote greater efforts to become the best bank in the field of financial services through further improvement in the service chain. We will optimise the business procedures and enhance the market responsiveness through improved services attitude and reduce complaint rate, and ultimately to win the market and the customers.
A bird cannot soar into the sky using only one feather, and a horse cannot gallop using only one hoof. With strong support from all shareholders and a large number of customers, we will adhere to the spirit of enterprise, which is hard work, responsible and innovative. We persist in serving the real economy, and intensify operating vitality and market competitiveness through deepening the reform and transformation, so as to draw a new blueprint of reform and create a mutual advantageous and win-win situation together with 
