Chairman s Statement Sustainability leads to thrive.
Successes in banking are normally achieved by agility in the short run, but more on the endurance and dedication in the long run. It is recognised that the short-term motivation for profi t and the lag for risk are mismatched, and how well they are handled is the biggest appraise on the judgment and discipline of every banker.
The key element for steady operation in any banking operation is maintaining a good balance between profi t and risk, in other words, a combination of sustainable profi ts with good risk control.
Niu Ximing Chairman A year s plan starts in spring along with the refl ection of the past and endeavours for the future. As for the Bank, we kindly present the Annual Report to summarise achievements for the year and address expectations towards future development.
The year of 2013 was the beginning of a new round of economic transformation in China. The advocacy of comprehensively deepening reforms spread in the country with media and newspapers using the words of transformation , transition and upgrade . As for the Bank and myself personally, the past year was a challenging one amid various changes.

Mr. Hu Huaibang resigned as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Bank due to the needs of our country s fi nancial industry in April 2013. During his term of offi ce, he led the whole team of the Bank and focused on clarifying development strategy, improving corporate governance and deepening system reform. On behalf of the Bank, I sincerely appreciate the contributions made by Mr. Hu Huaibang.
During the year, the Seventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Bank was elected at the Shareholders Annual General Meeting. The new session of the Board of Directors all possess professional background and expertise, featuring effi ciency with standards, dedication with expertise and operation with global vision , while extending the internationalisation and diversifi cation of the Board of Directors.
I sincerely appreciate the contribution by Mr. Zhang Jixiang, Mr. Eric Li Ka-cheung and Mr. Gu Mingchao during their terms of offi ce and welcome Mr. Liu Tinghuan, Mr.
Wang Taiyin, Ms. Zhang Yuxia and Mr. Yu Yongshun to the Board of Directors! I was appointed as the Chairman of the Bank with trust and support by the Board of Directors. The appointment is the full recognition to the former senior management team and carries the responsibility for further reform and development of the Bank. My role has also been changed from strategy execution to decision-making. During the year, Mr.
Peng Chun returned to the Bank and was appointed as the President of the Bank.
As a former employee, Mr. Peng Chun understands the Bank s culture well and possesses abundant experience and broader macroscopic vision which earns him the trust from the Board of Directors.
Under the leadership of new session of the Board of Directors and senior management team, I believe that all employees of the Bank will cooperate and dedicate to a new chapter of the sustainable development of 
From the perspective of the development history of China s banking industry, the reform process and development of commercial banks has been closely related to the macroeconomic transformation. In the past ten years, the leap of Chinese economy led to speedy growth of the banking industry, ranking the top in profi tability, assets and market value in the world. However, with the deepening of economic transformation and fi nancial reform, the traditional business of the banking industry has gradually lost its comparative advantages in both rapid market expansion and high profi tability.
Therefore, the pro-cyclical development model of asset expansion is diffi cult to sustain. Under the pressure of interest rate liberalisation, we proactively pursed the changes and established the operation principal of expansion with better effi ciency to concentrate on improving asset quality and operational effi ciency so as to strive for exploring a new transitional and development channel with low capital consumption and low cost expansion.
Fluctuations always arise from business transition. Though the business performance of the Bank remains steady upward in 2013, certain indicators have dropped, which refl ected that the business transition is a tough choice. As at the end of 2013, the Group s total assets reached RMB5.96 trillion, representing an increase of 13.04% from the beginning of the year. Net profi t for the year was RMB62.295 billion, increased by 6.73% as compared with that in the prior year. Average return on assets (ROAA) and average return on shareholders equity (ROAE) decreased by 0.07 percentage point and 2.33 percentage points to 1.11% and 15.58%, respectively as compared with the prior year. The non-performing loans ratio of the Group was 1.05%, representing an increase of 0.13 percentage point from the beginning of the year.
The inherent diffi culty of transition entails extraordinary courage, and only persistent efforts befi t this commendable cause .
Despite certain indicators didn t perform well in the year as compared with prior year, we fi rmly believe that it is the short- term pain and cost we need to assume for long-term sustainable development of the Bank. It is considered that the transition period is an assessment of tenacity and endurance for the Bank during its development. We believe that the Bank will embrace the new era of balanced business and diversifi ed development if the operation strategy of business transition is effectively 
Sustainability leads to thrive. Although facing with the change of senior management team and business transformation, we maintained the consistency and continuity of our policies, adhered to the core value and basic principle of banking operation, focused on the established development strategy and direction, and continued to complete various work well which can step up foundation for long-term benefi t, in order to lay a solid foundation for the Bank s sustainable 
We adopted the BoCom Strategy and are dedicated to fulfi lling the predetermined plan. In the past year, we optimised the framework of strategic management and formulated the strategic management fl ow chart and assessment of divisional strategic fi nancial performance to fi ne-tune the implementation. Through the synergies brought by domestic, overseas and inter- market businesses, the cross-border, cross- industry and inter-market service capabilities continued to be improved. In 2013, the proportion of total assets of overseas institutions and controlled subsidiaries to total assets of the Bank increased by 1.37 percentage points to 10.78% from the beginning of the year, and the proportion of net profi ts increased by 1.27 percentage points as compared with the prior year to 
We further enhanced the construction of trinity service channel physical outlets, e-banking and account manager and continued to improve the e-banking layout. The number of self-service outlets reached 12.7 thousands, exceeding the physical outlets for the fi rst time and the proportion of the number of stand-alone self-service outlets to that of physical outlets increased to 1.08:1. Adhere to the principle of integration of departments and regions at different levels, specialised operation and centralised risk management , the Bank promoted the transformation towards operation by business units and quasi-business units structure, establishing Financial Market Department of the Head Offi ce, Precious Metal Department, Offshore Finance Department and Bill Centre. As a result of improving service capabilities, a total of 20 branches received the Top-100 Model Branch Award from China Banking Association, showing the highest number of branches received such award by a single 
In line with the principle of compliance for sustainable development , we continued to defend our risk bottom line and continuously improve enterprise risk management system of full coverage, whole process, responsibility clarifi cation and risk management culture . Due to the fast development of non-credit business, the Bank promoted the construction of centralised credit management system to achieve integrated management of risk for on and off-balance-sheet items, credit and non-credit business. Furthermore, a special team was established for the purpose of checking, defusing and managing the industry risk of steel trading. Our efforts have resulted in the reduction of RMB58.9 billion in loans with potential risk, while obtaining additional guarantees for loans in the amount of RMB19.3 billion.

We are in the midst of a rapid transformation era, fi lled with tremendous pressure and opportunities. Multiple challenges such as the rapid growth in internet fi nancing, interest rate liberalisation and the release of risk and pressure as a whole are testing our capabilities on growth and risk 
Following the main theme of innovative transformation and development with transitions , the Bank shall develop its unique and professional growth path and dedicated itself to the following four aspects: Profit growth with low capital consumption and low cost expansion.
It is recognised that integration of departments and regions at different levels, specialised operation and centralised risk management are the trend of reform in banking industry. We concentrated on the transformation towards business units structure and quasi-business units structure which led to management system innovation in full, striving to input momentum into the transitional development. In the coming year, we will continue to explore the operation structure by business units, which emphasize customers, products and sectors and promote similar transformation at branch level to stimulate their business vitality and competitiveness. Driven by the development of business units and sub branches, the Bank will continue to optimise its business structure, balance quality and effi ciency, and endeavour to achieve better co-ordination of capital and scale, as well as sustainable development with good risk prevention.
Profits generated from the implementation of BoCom Strategy continue to increase with greater capabilities in cross-border, cross- industry and inter-market services. The BoCom Strategy involves signifi cant judgment in estimating the economic and fi nance development. The dynamic correlations of Chinese and world economy, the release of various reform measures, such as the launch of the China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone (the Shanghai FTZ ), the deepening of the fi nancial market construction, the rapid increase of direct fi nance and the development of innovative fi nance lead to the implementation of BoCom Strategy . In the future, we will integrate the BoCom Strategy with our business transition, and focus on building synergies of products and services within the Group, based on our established strategy of building a global bank that specialises in universal banking and wealth management services. We would also like to achieve mutual and effi cient sharing of resources, such as customers and channels, within the Group, strengthen business collaboration and cross selling in order to retain customers within the Group, and to achieve the Bank's transition development of international 
Becomes innovative bank in Internet banking. The banking industry is confronted with the challenges in all aspects from disintermediation of both channels and technologies, and the customers needs have gone beyond the traditional fi nancial services such as credit and settlement. As compared with other organisations, commercial banks have strong advantages in customer, channel and credibility .
The solution towards those challenges relies on information technology and resources integration, as well as reinforcing the above three advantages and becoming a system integrator in the fi nancial services sector. As a result, we continued to promote the transformation of our Trinity operation model and became more innovative in creating new business models covering operations, profi t structure and services, in order to improve our one-stop services to integrated service experience and strive to become an industry leader in the future.
Best bank in fi nancial services. The excellent banking services are normally experienced or felt by customers quietly, just like the Spring rain, it moistens everything silent and soft.
We fi rmly believe that good service is the core of our banking business, and is the only way for us to win customers. Since early 2011, the Bank has placed improving service quality at the top of our banking strategies, and implemented a long-term bank- wide mobilisation mechanism. With continued efforts in the past three years, the service quality of the Bank has been improved and well recognised by the society at large.
A total of 20 branches made the list of Top-100 Model Branch Award , collectively showing our performance results in previous stages. We will continue to optimise service processes, increase efficiency, standardise operations and create features in order to become the most outstanding bank with the lowest compliant rate, the most effi cient, standardised operation and differentiated services.
The strong pass of the enemy is like a wall of iron, yet with fi rm strides, we are conquering its summit . Facing new challenges, the Bank will make further new steps of innovative transformation and development with transitions . Our confi dence is derived from our belief in hard work, sense of responsibility, innovation and beyond , as well as our dedicated staff with effi cient execution capabilities, and most importantly the support from shareholders and customers. The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. We will continue with our dedication and achieve good performance, to provide better returns to our shareholders, customers and society in 
