CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I m pleased to present to the shareholders of Vinda International Holdings Limited ( Vinda International or the Company ) the Annual Report of the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2007. The audited revenue was Hong Kong Dollars ( HK$ ) HK$1,777.7 million, representing an increase of HK$419.5 million over last year (2006: HK$1,358.2 million). The net profit was HK$78.4 million, representing a decrease of HK$28.4 million as compared with last year (2006: HK$106.8 million), while the basic earnings per share were HK10.3 cents, representing a decrease of HK6.5 cents as compared with last year (2006: HK16.8 cents).The board of Directors (the Board ) has proposed to pay a final dividend of HK2.2 cents in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2007 to all the shareholders.

During the reporting period, the revenue grew at a high pace of 30.9% over the last year, our profit did not record a similarly high level of growth. We analyse that it was mainly due to the large price surge of raw material which went over and above the expectation of the management. This is a common problem faced by all companies within the industry. In response to the rising costs, the management had implemented a number of measures to control the operating overheads and raised the prices of certain products as appropriate during the year. We expect these measures to bear results in the upcoming year.
2007 is a memorable year for the Group. With solid business growth and outstanding financial performance, the Company successfully listed its shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) on 10 July 2007. The Group believes that its successful listing will not only further enhance awareness of the Company and its brands, but also improve the Group s corporate governance and shareholding structure, and access to the capital market.
In 2007, China s economy grew rapidly and the disposable income of consumers continued to increase. As a result, consumers demand for medium to high-end tissue paper was increased. However, it leads to keen competition in the high- end market. Attributable to the higher standard for environmental protection and the continuing surge in the price of raw materials, most small and medium-sized paper product producers were severely impacted or even forced to shut down.
Innovation is the fundamental driving force for our growth. In 2007, the Group continued to develop new products in different segments to meet consumers growing demand. We have received very positive response from the consumers to our newly launched products.
The continuous development of brand is the cornerstone for our sustainability. The Vinda brand has gained broad appeal to consumers since inception and was honored China Famous Trademark -N W TFUj , China Top-brand Product -N W TLr"uT and National inspection-free product W[MQj"uT . Through extensive advertising, especially sports marketing and promotion targeting specific consumer groups during the year, we have enriched our brand image, enhanced the communication with consumers and highlighted the uniqueness of the products. The Group will consistently implement the brand building strategy of Taking the quality as the foundation, taking the customers as the core .
Good corporate governance enables us to manage our growth. In 2007, the Group established internal control system, optimized management processes and structured and reinforced the responsibilities of different positions, so as to further improve the Group s overall management capabilities and operation efficiency. The Group has also strengthened the oversight of its internal control system and established measures through the cooperation of different specialized committees, ensuring a high standard of corporate governance and operating environment.
Prospect and Strategy The Board believes that China s economy will continue to grow in 2008 and consumers purchasing power will be further enhanced. As a result, China s demand for household paper will continue to grow. The price for raw materials, however, will remain at a high level. The costs for labour and transportation will also increase.
We believe there are opportunities in the market. While actively expanding the production capabilities of its existing manufacturing bases, the Group will also continue to invest in new manufacturing facilities to step-up its cost advantage and achieve better economies of scale. The Group will continue to improve its operating system, strengthen its control on production processes and integrate marketing management resources. Moreover, the Group will shorten the management chain by implementing specialized and centralized management on marketing and production, so as to effectively integrate and fully utilize the internal human resources, increase management efficiency and significantly lower the costs. We expect to benefit from the appreciation of Renminbi ( RMB ).
The Group will continue to optimize its product portfolio by focusing on products with higher gross profit margin, and devote more efforts in the development of the second and third tier markets. Thus, the Group will further enhance the market coverage and increase its market share.
The Group believes that in the year of 2008, our business will continue its development and the management measures will work effectively. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank all the shareholders, customers and business partners of the Group for their support. I also would like to take the opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all employees for their diligence and contribution.
LI Chao Wang 
Hong Kong, 18 April 2008 