We will stay alert and be confident about overcoming difficulties as we strive for a greater market share and scale new heights in a centralized management system, economies of scale, diversification and internationalization with the solid ground of our 
Vinda International Holdings Limited 
Chairman s Statement On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of Vinda International Holdings Limited ( Vinda International or the Company , which together with its subsidiaries is referred to as the Group ), I am pleased to present the Group s annual report for the year ended 31 December 2014.
2014 was a challenging year as China s economy, retail consumer market and household paper industry have all shifted down from rapid to steady growth. The Group s profitability has been put to the test as it is navigating the country s household paper market with the tailwind of growing and inelastic demand and against the headwind of periodic overcapacity in the industry. The market conditions, which have prompted the industry to step up its efforts to promote sales, were complicated by rapidly rising labor costs and the weakening Renminbi.
During the year, the Group stood up to the challenges, with its revenue increasing by 17.5% to HK$7,985.2 million (2013: HK$6,798.0 million) and gross profit rising by 22.2% to HK$2,408.7 million (2013: HK$1,971.7 million). Profit attributable to equity holders increased by 9.3% to HK$593.5 million (2013: HK$542.9 million), and basic earnings per share were 59.4 HK cents (2013: 54.3 HK cents). As a token of gratitude for shareholders long-term support, the Board proposed payment of a final dividend of 12.0 HK cents per share for the financial year ended 31 December 2014.
Mr. LI Chao Wang 
Vinda International will soon mark its thirtieth anniversary, and I, as the founder, always believe in raising the standards of household hygiene by providing quality household paper and developing the Group into an enterprise with presence in international markets. Vinda has been unwavering in its dedication to its household paper business regardless of the ups and downs in China s economy, the households ever higher requirements concerning the quality of consumer goods and the impact of technological advance on the industry. In the course of its development, the Group has transformed its strategy it started with the goal of building a strong and sizable business through expansion of paper production capacity, and now focuses on upgrading its business and reinforcing its foothold in the market with its brand and technologies. Specifically, the move was aimed at consolidating the steady growth of Vinda s household paper business and at diversifying into three personal care businesses, namely those of incontinence care, feminine care and baby care. In 2014, we integrated Vinda Personal Care Holdings Limited ( Vinda Personal Care , formerly known as V-Care Holdings Limited) and Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget s ( SCA ) operations in Hong Kong, mainland China and Macau with the aim of consolidating all the resources under the umbrella of Vinda. Such a measure will further the development of the Group s multi-category and multi-brand business and will secure a foothold for its three personal care businesses in the market.
We are optimistic about China s hygiene product industry because we believe Vinda s future growth will be sped up by the country s on-going urbanization, aging population, environmental protection policy and its policy of allowing a couple to have two children if either member of that couple is the only offspring. We continue to gear up for the opportunities by optimizing the product mix, building up sales channels, improving the product quality, promoting personal care products as well as upgrading our business. We will stay alert and be confident about overcoming difficulties as we strive for a greater market share and scale new heights in a centralized management system, economies of scale, diversification and internationalization with the solid ground of our influential brands.
LI Chao Wang 
29 January 2015 