Chairman’s Statement
Dear shareholders and investors,
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the Chairman’s Statement of Lonking Holdings Limited
(“China Lonking” or “Lonking”) for the year ended 31 December 2016.
The international economy featured slowdown of various countries. Against this backdrop, the GDP growth
in the PRC in 2016 declined to 6.7% and reached the record low for these years, while the international
trade also witnessed a significant decrease in the growth rate. Generally speaking, the construction machinery
industry in the PRC is still going through restructure and recovery. The unsolved overcapacity issue, coupled
with the intensifying market competition attributable to the declining demand, led to higher sector exposures
and caused numerous construction machinery enterprises suffering from losses.
Starting from the second half of 2016, driven by the construction of infrastructures such as railways,
highways and hydraulic engineering and amid the increase in the prices of bulk raw materials and nonferrous
metals such as coal and iron ore, the construction machinery industry in the PRC, after experiencing
a five-year’s continuous and significant decline, began to pick up from the bottom and became stabilized,
which represents a slow recovery in industry. Riding on the unique opportunity, China Lonking was able to
record a positive year-on-year increase for the sixth consecutive month in the second half by gaining market
shares, controlling risks, strengthening management and promoting quality, thus achieving our annual growth
target for 2016 in the end. Therefore, All the key performance indicators and the development quality of
China Lonking obviously outstripped other players in industry, which was demonstrated by the followings:
I. In 2016, the sales revenue witnessed a full-year positive growth of 6.57% through our sustained
efforts as compared with the negative growth of 11.19% in the first half of the year, while the
domestic business experienced a growth of more than 10%, all of which has realized the targets
set by the Board at the beginning of 2016. Among them, the sales revenue generated from
loaders above 3 tons increased by 3.4% and the sales volume of loaders below 3 tons inceased by
124.4%, enabling Lonking to keep its top position in respect of market share in domestic market
of loaders. The sales volume of fork lifts increased by 38.6%, which has continued to narrow down
its gap with the top two sellers. The sale volume of excavators recorded an year-on-year increase of
24.2%, the sale volume of road rollers increased by 20.2% and the sales revenue generated from
components increased by 9.58% year-on-year. In terms of overseas business, sales generated from
export decreased by 36% under the influence of the overall decline in demand and the enhanced
risks control level of holding company.
II. The profitability of Lonking outperformed the industry. In 2016, Lonking, by maximizing its advantages
of vertical integration, recorded a net profit of RMB462 million with its gross profit margin increasing
from 22.75% to 24.22%, which further demonstrated Lonking’s market competitiveness.
III. The cash flow and risk control level was significantly higher over the industry. In 2016, the net
operating cash flow of the Company was strong, heating a historically high level of RMB1.96 billion,
which also marked the sixth consecutive year of record high exceeding RMB1 billion. The trade
receivables was at record low level in recent years. As of the end of the year, the gearing ratio of
the Company was 40%, representing its historically low level. Currently, Lonking is a recognised
company in the industry that has the healthiest operation. Since the market slowdown and industry
adjustment of years, in particular the sign of recovery emerged in the second half of 2016, we
foresee the market demand for construction machinery will continue to pick up in 2017. It will be
greatly beneficial to Lonking with sound development foundation that has experienced long-term
and effective adjustments and is well prepared to embrace every chance. By seizing the opportunities
arising from promising industry, we strive to achieve better development.
In 2017, the Board proposed to meet the growth target of sales revenue exceeding 20% under effective
risk control measures by promoting both the domestic and overseas markets. In order to maintain business
growth, we will strive to: 1. capitalize on the competitive edge of our systems and mechanisms and unleash
the potential from the vibrant market, peak seasons of sales and annual sales to grab and increase the
market share as far as possible; 2. centre on the“really and flexibly” management requirement by basing on
sustained inspection efforts of “really” and focusing on “flexibly”, so as to provide more flexibility for our
businesses; 3. attach more importance to the quality of products to further enhance the price performance
ratio; 4. Identify the relative weaknesses of our loaders, forklifts, excavators, pavement machinery products,
components and other international business segments and fill the gaps by sharpening our strengths and
carrying out reform to our weaknesses; 5. give full play to the initive of all the member staff to strengthen
team building and promote enterprise culture construction through efforts on implementation of policies;
6. further intensify our efforts on safety and environmental protection to ensure on occurrence of serious
safety accidents and no breach of laws and regulations on environmental protection.
As the Chairman, I firmly believe that Lonking, upon intensive adjustment, will be the outstanding company
which most outperforms in future development and achieve the most stable and positive results in the
future. Also, Lonking will manage to stand out and make its breakthrough once again along with the
industry development in the future.
Since its listing, China Lonking has strived to maintain transparency and improve standards of corporate
governance. We have maintained good communication with our investors. We are willing and hope to keep
a closer tie with more investors, and strengthen interaction with them to promote sound development of
the Company.
We are honored to have a professional Board, an experienced and diligent management team, and industrious
and intelligent employees. I wish to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all directors
and employees for their assiduous efforts. We will make utmost efforts to attain sustainable growth and
enhance our profitability and exert all our efforts to create the greatest value for our customers and bring
the best returns to our shareholders.
Lonking Holdings Limited
Li San Yim
Chairman of the Board
28 March 2017