Chairman’s Statement
Our ambition is clear and distinctive, that is to
become a leading hygiene company in Asia
by securing the forefront position in the tissue
market and speeding up the expansion of our
personal care business.Chairman’s Statement
On behalf of the board of directors of Vinda International
Holdings Limited, I am pleased to present Vinda’s annual report
for the year ended 31 December 2016.
We embarked on our new Five-Year journey in 2016. Our
ambition is clear and distinctive, that is to become a leading
hygiene company in Asia by securing the forefront position
in the tissue market and speeding up the expansion of our
personal care business. Faced with unprecedented uncertainty
in the macro economy and keen market competition last
year, Vinda continued to gain recognition and support from
consumers on the back of our commitment in quality and focus
on innovation as we steered our business forward. We also
achieved a notable milestone in going international with the
acquisition of Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget (SCA)’s business
operations in Southeast Asia, Taiwan and South Korea. Opened
to new opportunity with foothold extended to the Asian
markets, we now aspire to expand the population coverage of
our markets from 1.4 billion to 2.0 billion in the three decades to
come.
Looking at China’s FMCG market, fierce competition remains
among domestic and international brands. Booming online
shopping also brings about fundamental changes to the
conventional marketing model. Given the imbalance in supply
and demand in the tissue market, Vinda has refrained from
banking on price cuts. Instead, we have strived unswervingly to
meet consumption upgrade needs through better quality and
branding, innovative and precise marketing strategies based on 
scientific research, and the strengthened development of e-commerce and enhancement of tissue mix. All of
these measures have kept us a strong organic growth as we rose to more challenges. In spite of our leading
position in the tissue market, we are an infant facing the enormous personal care market. To capture new
opportunities in the incontinence care market boosted by the aging population in China, we believe it is vital
to unleash the market potential while banking on the supportive policies put forward by local governments.
Therefore, Vinda joined hands with the Jiangmen municipal government to map out a sustainable elderly
care model during the year, which is expected to be adopted in other provinces in the future. In the
flourishing feminine and baby care markets, consumers are eager to try new quality brands as their primary
concern shifts from price to value. We are well aware that building a position in the personal care market
cannot be done overnight. Yet, we are fortunate enough to have a wide range of prestigious global brands in
incontinence, feminine and baby care products. We will prioritise our efforts and penetrate into the Chinese
market in phases to attract consumers with products of high quality and value.
Looking ahead, we see the year 2017 as a year of uncertainty in the broader environment, featured
by changes in the global political landscape, a strengthening US dollar and significant swings in the
environment. As the Chinese economy has entered a “New Normal”, there is no dispute that the emphasis
of consumption growth is placed on quality. The hygiene industry in China holds a bright future in the longer
run. Increasing household disposable income resulted from urbanisation and consumers’ quest for quality
hygiene products form an ideal backdrop for hygiene business. Our new business in Asia is mature and
promising. The continuous professionalism our Asian team demonstrated has enabled the business to further
flourish. Following the integration, we are encouraged by the closer communication and sharing between the
China team and the Asian team. The interchange of ideas provides new impetus for the rapid development
of Vinda as a whole.
Larger business scale comes with greater social responsibility. As a hygiene company with four business
categories and ten famous brands in Asia, Vinda will continue to underscore our commitment to
environmental protection, corporate governance and social contribution while pursuing profit growth.
During the year, Vinda made every effort to maintain a green supply chain and low-carbon production, and
updated the “Code of Conduct” for our staff. As Chairman of the Group, I am especially proud that Vinda
has claimed the honour of “Directors of The Year Award” from the Hong Kong Institute of Directors. This is
an endorsement to our commitment to high standard of corporate governance.
The year 2017 marks the 10th anniversary of our listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, and
embarks our transformation into an international and multi-category hygiene company. We, as always, will
work in concert relentlessly to ensure Vinda grow and bring sustainable returns as we move forward.
LI Chao Wang
Chairman
Hong Kong
25 January 2017