CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Mr. LI Chao Wang 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of Vinda International Holdings Limited ( Vinda International or the Company , which together with its subsidiaries, is referred to as the Group ), I am pleased to present the Group s annual report for the year ended 31 December 2013.
The year 2013 was challenging as the Group s overall profitability was affected by several negative factors: the slowdown of both the Chinese economy and consumer market, a growing frugal trend and decelerating growth in demand for household paper; intensifying competition which resulted from additional production capacities as well as the rising costs of pulp. During the year, the Group s revenue increased by 12.8% to HK$6,798.0 million (2012: HK$6,024.0 million) while gross profit increased by 6.3% to HK$1,971.7 million (2012: HK$1,854.9 million). Profit attributable to equity holders increased by 1.2% to HK$542.9 million (2012: HK$536.6 million), and basic earnings per share were 54.3 HK cents (2012: 54.6 HK cents). As a token of gratitude for shareholders long-term support, the Board proposed a payment of a final dividend of 10.8 HK cents per share for the financial year ended 31 December 2013.
Inevitable but fair competition is an impetus of the household paper industry s development. Vinda International is determined to take up the challenges with a global perspective and visionary strategies. It will climb up the value chain with technological innovation, which is its core competency. These will enable it to consistently produce quality and high-value added products. Furthermore, the Group will assiduously diversify its business with a view to gaining a foothold in the market for personal care products.
Vinda International will assiduously diversify its business with a view to gaining a foothold in the market for personal care products.
As the founder of Vinda International, I always believe in raising the standards of household hygiene by providing quality household paper and developing the Group into an enterprise with presence in international markets.
We have made remarkable achievements over the past three decades, and will have to raise our sights if we want to maintain the momentum of our successful development in the future. To achieve the goal, we had the foresight to introduce international capital and management expertise into Vinda International by partnering SCA, a leading personal care enterprise in the world which became one of the Group s substantial shareholders in 2007. As a vote of confidence in Vinda International s prospects, SCA further increased its equity stake in the Group in 2013 and became the largest shareholder. SCA has been working with us to expand the market and to develop Vinda International into an influential and strong enterprise. SCA has unquestionable capabilities of brand management and product development, and SCA s self-owned forest resources and global distribution network are part of its distinct advantages. To diversify its business, the Group is set on becoming the most preferred brand of household care, baby care, feminine care & elderly care and expanding its presence beyond China. SCA will also play an important role in the process and will continue to work with the Group to create greater shareholder value.
It is expected that China s demand for healthcare products will continue to increase as the Chinese government actively implements its urbanization programme and loosens its one-child policy. The country s aging population is also estimated to stimulate the demand. Meanwhile, customers increasing emphasis on branding and quality has catalyzed the industry s consolidation, which favours well-prepared companies. We have high hopes of a brighter future for Vinda International, and have mapped out an elaborate plan on increasing market share, expanding production capacity, climbing up the value chain with upgraded technology and innovation, and diversifying into personal care products. We will also stay vigilant to possible difficulties and yet remain confident about surmounting them. With its strong brand, the Group will endeavour to break new ground in our paper tissue business with an aim of expanding market share and bringing better returns to our shareholders.
Li Chao Wang 
27 March 2014 