Chairman s Statement Mr. LI Chao Wang 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of Vinda International Holdings Limited ( Vinda International or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2009.
During the year under review, the lingering impact of the financial crisis had resulted in uncertain economic outlook as seen in the first half of 2009. Nevertheless, China s economy began to pick up after the PRC Government launched a multitude of economic stimulus measures. According to The National Bureau of Statistics preliminary calculation, China s gross domestic product (GDP) increased by an annual rate of 8.7% in 2009, and the consumer price index began to go north at the end of 2009 after months of decline during the year. The rural and urban income showed stable growth, and the employment situation was better than expected, all these factors are indispensable to the improvement in people s 
Sales of Vinda International is relatively resilient to economic cycle as we are engaged in the fast moving consumer goods industry, producing daily necessities for customers. Nonetheless, with consumer sentiment picking up in the second half of the year, sales of the Group s new products and high-ended product series will enjoy bigger room for development. During the year under review, the Group boosted sales by expanding production capacity and broadening market coverage of our products. Gross profit margin increased as the Group had stored up wood pulp purchased at a low price during the economic downturn. In 2009, the Group s turnover was HK$2,776,116,529, representing a growth of 14.5% over the previous year (2008: HK$2,424,044,090). Gross profit amounted to HK$ 950,798,608, up 85.3%.
Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$ 397,799,707, representing an increase of 139.8% over the previous year (2008: HK$165,911,568). Basic earnings per share were 44.0 Hong Kong cents, up 139.1% year on year (2008: 18.4 Hong Kong cents).
In return for our shareholders long-standing support for the Group, the Board proposes to declare a final dividend of 9.0 Hong Kong cents per share for the financial year ended 31 December 2009.
Strong brand recognition and successful marketing & pricing strategy The Group endeavors to enhance and upgrade the Vinda brand, and strives to bring the brand value to its fullest. The Group adopted a Dual Brand marketing strategy at the beginning of the year and successfully differentiated the consumer clusters with adoption of primary-brand and secondary-brand. This strategy, on one hand, underpins the continuous growth of our primary-brand products in first-tier cities, and escalates the development of our secondary- brand products in second- and third-tier cities on the other hand.
The year 2009 was the Year of Innovation . With acute market insight, the Group launched a variety of new products to boost sales. The Group s personal care products made their sales debut in the first half of the year. In light of the threats of H1N1 Influenza A, the Group launched the Cooling Wet Tissue and Hand Sanitizer Wipes in a timely manner and filled the void of the wet tissue paper market. In the second half of the year, the Group obtained the copyright of the Pleasant Goat , a popular cartoon icon in the PRC, and launched the Pleasant Goat packaged household paper products. With this distinctive package, the Group has tapped into more markets and consumer clusters, thus enhancing the profitability.
Riding on the success of the new pilot products, the Group is formulating specific strategies to diversify the Pleasant Goat product line and enrich its product portfolio.
Production capacity expansion in line with marketing strategies On the marketing front, the Group continued to adopt a Asterisk Layout and Regional Development Strategy so as to strengthen its distribution network and nationwide coverage of its products and enlarge its market share. Meanwhile, the Group has improved the market penetration and uplifted the brand equity by establishing eye-catching display modules of Ten Thousand Shops Over Hundred Cities Project.
As for production capacity expansion, the Group maximized its economies of scale, reduced costs and increased production efficiency in line with its Asterisk Layout production strategies. As at 31 December 2009, the annual production capacity of the Group amounted to 320,000 tons. The Group plans to increase the annual production capacity by 100,000 tons in 2011. At present, the Hubei plant already has an annual production capacity of 50,000 tons. The Group has started to set up a new production line with a view to expanding the annual production capacity in Central China by another 50,000 tons, thus achieving a goal of multi-point layout for production and distribution. In addition, the Group planned to set up the production base in Northeastern China by establishing a factory in Liaoning with an annual production capacity of approximately 50,000 tons in phase one.
Potent purchasing strategies and launch of greenery products Wood pulp is the raw material of the Group s products. In the first half of 2009, wood pulp price plunged to a cyclically low level. Notwithstanding the fact that wood pulp price began to rebound in April and continued to go up in the second half of the year, the Group, with its potent purchasing strategies, coupled with its flexible use of its wood pulp inventory, offset the impact of price fluctuation of wood pulp, and managed to control its costs effectively and increase its profitability 
During the year under review, the Group used other raw materials as a trial and launched non-wood pulp products made of sugarcane pulp and bamboo pulp. These products targeted second- and third-tier cities in China and offered diverse choices for price-sensitive consumers.
Increasing market penetration and grasping opportunities Looking ahead to 2010, the economic landscape will be more stable than the previous year. Yet market uncertainties, coupled with the gradual increase in wood pulp price, will pose challenges for the whole paper-making industry.
Nonetheless, due to China s huge population, there will be tremendous growth potential for the consumption of household paper products, and, after market integration, the increasing market share will offer business opportunities for the 
In the year to come, the Group will monitor closely the needs of customers and the market. We will stay focused on the research and development, production and sale of household paper products. We will also strengthen our existing distribution network and underpin the Group s market position with the Dual Brands strategy and regional positioning.
The Group is confident that the market penetration rate of its products in the second- and third-tier cities would grow further and the strengths of products will be further exploited.
As a result of the increasing awareness of global environmental protection and the more stringent environmental policies issued by the State, the Group expects that production of household paper products would be shifted to tech-savvy enterprises which consume less energy and raw materials. In the future, besides producing wood pulp products, the Group will continue to introduce greenery products made of sugarcane pulp and bamboo pulp in an orderly manner in an effort to contribute to the environment and enjoy the first mover advantage in the environmentally friendly product sector in China.
With a view to implementing professional management, the Group has appointed Ms. Zhang Dong Fang as the Chief Executive Officer early this year. She will help enhance the overall strengths of the management team and foster business development through professional and effective planning. While maintaining its prudent fiscal policies, the Group will continue to develop its business cautiously, broaden its distribution network and expand its production capacity with a view to building a quality and convenient living environment for its customers and citizens.
The Group owes its remarkable results in 2009 to the continuous trust and support from all of you and the joint efforts of the team. I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all the shareholders, customers and business partners. We will continue our efforts to generate lucrative returns for our shareholders in the year to come.
LI Chao Wang 
Hong Kong, 7 April 2010 
