Chairman s Statement 
Dear shareholders and investors, On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the Chairman s Statement of Lonking Holdings Limited ( China Lonking or Lonking ) for the year ended 31 December 2014.
Since the fourth quarter of 2011, the construction machinery industry in the PRC has been undergoing intensive adjustment featuring declining demand, severe overcapacity, rising trade receivables, signaling that construction machinery industry in the PRC has entered into the most difficult development stage. In such a challenging environment, the management of Lonking took feasible measures with accurate judgment, responsive adjustment and proactive action and ensured the Company is capable of withstanding the cold winter and grew to be a healthy enterprise with the strongest momentum.
Lonking is the pioneer in the construction machinery industry in the PRC to carry out risk control. We warned in August 2011 that the industry would confront downturn and forecasted it would hit the bottom in 2015. The Company is also the first enterprise rein itself to make proactive adjustment. Through our endeavor over a three-year period, we took a series of effective measures, including three downs and three ups (namely decrease in estimate, inventory and risk and increase in confidence, market share and management), adjustment of product mix, adjustment of productivity deployment, disposal of idle assets and optimization of finance structure to ensure the healthy development of the Company. As evidenced by the results in 2014, the Company recorded the most outstanding performance in terms of operating results, market share, profitability, cash flows and gearing ratio. As to the Company s major products, the wheel loaders regained the largest market share, forklifts recorded higher growth than the overall industry and excavators completed adjustment of the commercial model basically with notable decrease of risks. Net operating cash flow has exceeded RMB1,000 million for consecutive years and achieved a record high of more than RMB1,900 million. Although there s still no sign of improvement in the market conditions, the Company maintains stretching gross margin and profitability in the industry with overwhelming competitive strength. The results in 2014 prove our correct adjustment policy and effective measures.
Through our active adjustment over the last three years, Lonking is equipped with the foundation and condition to usher in the next round of growth. Our comparative advantages include: 1. Twenty-two years of development has forged Lonking s unique edges in reputation among users, quality, services, price- performance ratio, profitability and culture, etc. and cultivated its strong core competence, enabling it to become the healthiest enterprise with the greatest potential. 2. After several rounds of adjustments in the industry, Lonking has become more mature, calmer and healthier. In other words, Lonking is ready to take the field with fewer burdens compared with other competitors. Meanwhile, the agent and supplier team of Lonking is the most stable one in the industry. 3. More importantly, we have a management team and a cadre of staff members who are the most reliable, dedicated and motivated.

Although the construction machinery industry in the PRC is not expected to achieve significant growth in the near future, the prospect is still promising given its vast size. The stable macro environment is favorable to Lonking as well as the industry integration. The Company will focus on the construction machinery industry, improve our wheel loaders, forklifts, excavators, road products and various core parts and components and explore domestic and overseas markets. We are well-positioned to take advantage of the opportunities and become an early bird in the industry. I am confident that Lonking will record excellent, sustainable and sound performance during this round of industrial adjustment, and scale new heights in the years ahead by seizing the opportunities arising from the development of the industry.
Since its listing, China Lonking has strived to maintain transparency and improve standards of corporate governance. We have maintained good communication with our investors. We are willing and hope to keep a closer tie with more investors, and strengthen interaction with them to promote sound development of 
We are honored to have a professional Board, an experienced and diligent management team, and industrious and intelligent employees. I wish to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all directors and employees for their assiduous efforts.
It is our firm belief that Lonking will be the first to stand out in the intensive adjustment across the industry and achieve more stable and better results in the future. We will make utmost efforts to attain sustainable growth and enhance our profitability and exert all our efforts to create the greatest value for our customers and bring the best returns to our shareholders.
Li San Yim Chairman of the Board 30 March 2015 
