Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the annual Chairman s Statement of Lonking Holdings Limited (or Lonking ) for the year ended 31 December 2012.
REVIEW OF RESULTS The domestic and international macro-economic environment was complicated in 2012. The demand of global market experienced a sustained downturn due to the continuing European debt crisis. In the mean time, the growth of fixed assets investment and infrastructure construction slowed down in Mainland China. The GDP growth rate in 2012 is lower than 8% for the first time in the past eight years. The slowdown of economic growth and the overall weak demand of downstream industry for investment led to the significant decline of demand for construction machineries, intensifying market competition, and the increase in trade receivables and inventories of major manufacturers with serious excess capacity. The domestic sales of construction machineries such as loaders, excavators and road rollers decreased over 30% compared with that of the previous year.
Lonking could not be immune to the negative impact of above-mentioned factors and experienced the most difficult year, which could be seen in the decline in its sales revenue, decrease in its gross margin, increase in financial costs, over-production, and the previous industrial advantage of vertical integration becoming burden, especially the dramatical decline in number of various products sold, the Company underperforming the industry in terms of market share and significant decrease in its operating profits.
In the past year, the Board of Directors and the management team tempered their fighting spirit and willpower in tackling difficulties and laid a solid foundation for future development of the Company in time of crisis by taking the following measures: 1. Understanding of the industrial situation and controlling risks in a timely and effective manner. The management team of the Company attached high importance to cash flow and strictly controlled the risks of sales and trade receivables throughout the year. Due to such efforts made earlier in a more timely and effective manner than our industrial peers, the performance of indicators of the Company such as operating cash flow, total risks of trade receivables and asset to liability ratio was much better than the industrial average level as at the end of the year, which laid a solid foundation for the sustainable and healthy development of the Company.
2. Reducing inventories and costs. In 2012, the Company focused on inventory reduction by strictly examining the inventory of raw materials, products in progress and finished products and digesting with focus, and achieved a decrease of 38% in inventory compared to that at the beginning of the year. The capital expenditure and administrative expenses also reduced significantly while the workforce was optimized.

3. Optimizing the capital structure. During the year, the Company redeemed all of its convertible bonds issued in 2007 and substantially all of its convertible bonds issued in 2009 and repurchased part of its senior notes with high interest rate due in 201? in cash, which optimized the capital structure of the Company and significantly reduced its financial costs.
4. Keeping increasing investment in research and development of products. The Company kept increasing investment in research and development of products during the period when the operating environment was extremely difficult, and achieved breakthrough in the research of some high-end products, which accumulated positive energy for the future development of the 
2013 is a critical and transitional year for the implementation of the Twelfth Five-year Plan . The Chinese central government will strengthen and fine-tune the macro-control measures and continue to implement proactive fiscal policies and prudent monetary policies, so as to promote the sustainable and healthy development of economy. With the mild recovery of macro-economy, the rapid growth of investment in infrastructure construction and the stable increase in the investment in small town construction and hydraulic engineering projects, it is expected that the construction machinery industry will experience a modest recovery in 2013. Looking forward to the next five to ten years, against the backdrop of gradually stabilization and recovery of global macro-economy, stable growth of domestic economy, further implementation of new urbanization strategy and increase of major infrastructure construction for livelihood, the Company will face a good opportunity where the domestic demand for construction machinery products rises, and the demand of emerging market countries for such products will further increase. The construction machinery industry in China has vast space for growth and will remain in the golden period of development.
In the backdrop of an optimistic macro environment in the PRC, construction machinery industry may, however, encounter situations such as over-production, intensifying competitions, continuous rising of cost for production factors and demand fluctuation in the short-term. As a result, market opportunities are made for well-prepared enterprises. Based on the aforementioned, we will advance in a prudent manner in 2013. Leveraging on the reform of management and operation, active adjustments will be made. Leveraging on Longking s competitive edge, we will seek a new breakthrough and a sweet spot to achieve solid development. In 2013, we will step up our efforts in recapturing our leading position in the loader industry, facilitating steady and healthy development of excavators production industry as well as magnifying our market competitiveness of fork lifts and road rollers. By seizing both domestic and international markets, we will expand the export market for our components, promote Lonking brand presence, create core competitiveness and maximize the returns for the general investors.

Since its listing, Lonking has strived to maintain transparency and improve standards of corporate governance. We have established and maintained good communication with our investors, who recognize the broad development strategies of the Company and are confident of the Company s future 
We are honoured to have a professional Board, an experienced and diligent management team, and industrious and intelligent employees. I wish to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all directors and employees for their assiduous efforts. We will do our utmost to recruit talents to realize the sustainable development of Lonking.
As always, Lonking will strive to become a leading manufacturer in construction machinery industry, attain sustainable growth and maintain profitability, and exert all our efforts to create the greatest value for our customers and bring the best returns to our shareholders.
Li San Yim 
28 March 2013 
