CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT LI Chao Wang 
On behalf of the Board of Vinda International Holdings Limited ( Vinda International or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I am pleased to present the Group s annual report for the year ended 31 December 
In 2011, the global economy was shrouded by various uncertainties and disasters such as the European sovereign debt crisis, the earthquake in northeastern Japan, political instability in Middle East and North Africa. These events caused the economy of various nations to continue deteriorating. Looking at China, despite the slowdown in export growth, and persistently high inflation rate, China s domestic consumption market is still flourishing, and the nation s economy kept developing at a steady yet relatively fast pace. As a result of rising per capita income of urban and rural citizens, demand for daily personal hygiene products continues to expand; in particular, the growth in demand of quality household paper products is particularly significant, painting a favourable operating environment for 
In the year under review, the Group s revenue surged by 32.3% to reach HK$4,765,299,413 (2010: HK$3,602,168,770) while gross profit was HK$1,296,507,669 (2010: HK$1,062,037,455). Profit attributable to equity holders was HK$405,714,390 (2010: HK$368,946,107 and basic earnings per share reached 43.3 HK cents (2010: 40.4 HK cents).
The Board proposed the declaration of a final dividend of 8.7 HK cents per share for the financial year ended 31 December 2011 to all shareholders.
2011 carried great significance for both the Group and myself. During the year, Vinda International established its own development blueprint the 6th five-year plan. With its leadership position in China s household paper market, combined with the staff team s cohesive and pragmatic practices, implementation of the 6th five-year plan has shown considerable results in its first year for various areas of business development including, brand enhancement, product innovation, sales channel and production capacity expansion etc. For myself, I had the privilege of being honoured Thanks to years of trust and support from our consumers and partners, Vinda has matured from a small-scale factory focusing on a limited range of household products into today s sizable enterprise with a full array of quality products.
with the Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the Year 2011 China award. This award not only represents the business community s recognition and encouragement for me, but also a symbol of commendation for the past 25 years of dedication from Vinda International s whole staff.
Branding is the key to success for the fast-moving consumer goods industry, and that is no exception in China s household paper products industry. The Group continually upholds its business development philosophy of Courageously Expand, Endlessly Innovate , and created great brand equity for Vinda through persistence in product quality. During the year under review, the Group seized the market needs and proactively optimized the Vinda brand as well as cultivating flagship product series and new Star Products , in a view to solidifying our profitability. Moreover, we collaborated with renowned American animations studio, DreamWorks Inc. to co-launch the Kung Fu Panda Series, winning affection from a vast group of young consumers and effectively expanded our consumer base. With regard to sales channel development, we saw a rapid increase of modern channels in China in recent years; and thus, in addition to establishing a rooted distribution network, the Group must quicken its pace in developing modern channel such as hypermarkets to capture more market share.
To satisfy China s strong demand for quality household paper products, as part of the first echelon in the industry, the Group methodically added a total of 100,000 tons in Zhejiang of eastern China, Sichuan of western China, and Liaoning of northeastern China, bringing the total production capacity to 470,000 tons during the year to satisfy regional market demand. The Group continually increased our pace of expansion and actively planned the construction of its new plant located in Laiwu, Shandong, in preparation for development in Shandong s market and to pave the way for perfecting its nation-wide asterisk shaped production geo-matrix. Additionally, the Group established the third plant in the Xinhui region of Guangdong to quickly increase production capacity in southern China with an aim to exceed and complete ahead of schedule, our mid-term goal at 700,000 tons, and take a step towards our target of 1,000,000 tons of annual production capacity.
Having a sound financial position, flexible raw materials procurement strategy and the ability to transfer costs are key to effectively managing volatile raw material costs. Looking back in the first half of 2011, although wood pulp prices consistent soaring caused pressure to the Groups profit margin at one point, the influential Vinda brand allowed the Group to adjust its prices and successfully transfer part of the costs to the consumers. During the second half of the year, the Group capitalized on the gradual downward trend of wood pulp prices and proportionately increased procurement, which stabilized the Groups profitability to a 
China has the fastest growing personal care products market globally which creates huge potential for expansion for Vinda International, and is a catalyst to drive our future growth In 2011, the Group targeted China s massive baby diapers market and developed its Babifit products through its joint-venture, V-Care Holdings Limited ( V-Care ), which has delivered satisfactory results so far.
In the future, V-Care will expand in a diverse manner, with an aim to capture a share of the high profit margin markets such as adult diapers and female hygiene products markets, in order to alleviate the impact of price fluctuation due to reliance of a single raw material. V-Care will also leverage Vinda International s extensive distribution network to create greater synergy.
Looking at 2012, wood pulp prices will stay volatile. China s central government will strengthen its environmental protection regulations and will revoke production capacity limitations in the industry, causing competition to intensify. Facing such operating environment, the Group is pragmatically accelerating the implementation of 6th five- year plan. After thorough consideration and analysis, the management team has decided to reorganize the marketing structure and management strategies for the north and south regions in order to serve the rapidly changing fast- moving consumer goods market of China. We continue to adhere to developing high quality products, maintain our prudent fiscal policies and accelerate development for our personal care products business so as to lay a solid foundation for the long-term growth of Vinda International.
Vinda was founded in 1985, and thanks to years of trust and support from our consumers and partners, Vinda has matured from a small-scale factory focusing on a limited range of household products into today s sizable enterprise with a full array of quality products. I will personally take upon myself the promise to always use a pragmatic attitude and innovation to lead the continual growth of Vinda International. I would also like to take this opportunity to express my deep gratitude to our shareholders, customers and business partners. The Group is confident that in the coming year, it will continue bringing quality lifestyle to the wider public, and creating greater returns for its 
Li Chao Wang 
27 March 2012 