Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ), I am pleased to present the annual report of Lonking Holdings Limited (the Company or Lonking ) for the year ended 31 December 2010.
In 2010, the construction machinery industry in China experienced a year of major development with the implementation of a series of policies worth of RMB4 trillion and regional strategic planning. Total sales amount exceeded RMB400 billion with a growth of over 30%. Under such backdrop, Lonking seized these favorable opportunities and realized the leap-forward development leveraged on its established strategies. The year 2010 was a milestone year in the history and development of Longgong.
1. SUBSTANTIAL YEAR-ON-YEAR GROWTH IN PRODUCTION AND SALES OF ALL SEGMENTS WITH ANNUAL TARGETS ACCOMPLISHED 
We sold 40,139 wheel loaders, as our major product and became the only wheel loader manufacturer in the world to have manufactured over 40,000 wheel loaders for the year. The number of excavators sold increased by 103% to 4,118 units; whereas the number of fork lifts sold increased by 90% to 10,4?8 units. Our sales numbers were among the top 3 in the industry in China. Sales of road rollers and spare parts and international sales both made considerable 
2. INCREASING MANUFACTURING CAPACITY OF PRODUCTS WITH A MORE BALANCED PRODUCT MIX Despite the significant growth in wheel loaders, as our major product, its percentage to the total turnover of the Company continued to decrease from 73.47% in 2009 to ?9.41% in 2010, whereas the percentage of sales of excavators and fork lifts, our new products, continued to increase. As such, the Company has revealed a more balanced product mix in recent years.
3. SOUND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE WITH RECORD HIGH SALES REVENUE AND NET PROFIT MARGIN As Lonking s product quality and brand recognition increase, Lonking has established a sound customer base. In 2010, the Company maintained a sound financial position as it continued its efforts in the enhancement of utilization rate, comparative advantages and new product launch.
Revenue from sales and net profits both set their historical highs and grew by 74% and 120% to RMB12.02 billion and RMB1.7?? billion, respectively. The overall gross profit margin of the Company also rose from 23.44% to 28.51%.

4. GREAT PROGRESS ACHIEVED IN RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF PRODUCTS WHICH FURTHER INCREASED PRODUCT QUALITY AND ENHANCED USER SATISFACTION In 2010, the Company increased its investment in research and development. The Company achieved great progress in its corporate development where considerable progress and breakthroughs were made in the area of excavators and more complicated spare parts. At the same time, the Company placed more emphasis on product quality and maintained continuous improvement of product quality through execution of the working instruction project. Through the building of the most efficient service brand, Lonking branded products had been increasingly well-received by domestic and overseas users. This is an assurance for the sustainable development of Lonking.
The year 2011 will be the starting year for the Twelfth Five-Year Plan of China. Establishing a firm foundation this year will be crucial to Lonking for the coming five years. According to the work report and of the summary of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan of the PRC government, there are no changes to the favorable policies enacted to boost economic growth and achieve long-term growth in China. Growth targets of 8% for the year and 7% for the period of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan have been set and a number of measures have been defined to increase investment in fixed assets including water resources construction, affordable housing construction, small town development and regional economic development. These measures are favorable for the long-term development of the construction machinery in China. According to China Construction Machinery Association, it is estimated that, during the period of the Twelfth Five- Year Plan, the construction machinery industry in China will achieve an average growth of 17%. By 2015, the industry size will be RMB900 billion. The prospects for the construction machinery industry in China will remain promising. As such, we have to analyze the prevailing conditions and seize every opportunity to achieve a sound and speedy development of the Company.
Looking into the future, we will further capitalize on the following competitive advantages established over the years in the course of our development: a leading market position and brand awareness; strategic geographical locations; the operation model of vertical integration; a powerful distribution and service network covering the whole nation; strong research and development capabilities; the advantage of a high performance-price ratio for its products; experienced management team and effective operation mechanism; and all these have proven their merits. The Company will make the best of its existing competitive advantages and carry out effective control on costs of administration, purchasing, operation, etc., so as to improve its operating efficiency and grasp every opportunity to obtain impressive results in industry consolidation and future development and to maximize the returns to our shareholders.

In order to ensure the future sustainable development of the Company, we have formulated the development plans for 2011 to 2015 adopting the strategy of limited diversification which focuses on construction machinery, with an emphasis on the development of our four major products namely, wheel loaders, excavators, fork lifts and road rollers to ensure its leading position in the wheel loader industry whilst strive to move up to the top 3 positions for other products. We will step up our efforts in market expansion, cost control, enhancement of research and development of our products, and development of overseas market. Our aim is to become one of the global leading manufacturers of construction machinery through continuous growth and improvement of profitability.
Since its listing, Lonking has strived to maintain transparency and improve standards of corporate governance. We have established and maintained good communication with our investors, who recognize the broad development strategies of the Company and are confident of the Company s future 
We are honoured to have a professional Board, an experienced and diligent management team, and industrious and intelligent employees. I wish to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all directors and employees for their assiduous efforts. We will do our utmost to recruit talents to realize the sustainable development of Lonking.
As always, Lonking will strive to become a leading manufacturer in construction machinery industry, attain sustainable growth and maintain profitability, and exert all our efforts to create the greatest value for our customers and bring the best returns to our shareholders.
Li San Yim 
20 March 2011 