THE CHAIRMAN OF 
OF THE BOARD OF 
I am glad to present the annual report of Evergrande Real Estate Group Limited ( Evergrande or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (the Group) for the year ended 31 December 2010. Revenue and gross profit of the Group for the year were RMB45.80 billion and RMB13.37 billion respectively, or a year-on-year growth of 700.7% and 585.6%, and net profit increased by 616.1% to RMB8.02 billion. Net profit attributable to shareholders amounted to RMB7.59 billion and earnings per share was RMB0.506. Return on shareholders equity is 45.3%.
In order to reciprocate the trust and support of shareholders, the Board of Directors proposed to distribute a final dividend of RMB1,902,000,000 for 2010 and it will be distributed upon approval in the general meetings of shareholders of the Group.

The complex and changing macroeconomic circumstances in the PRC and abroad, combined with a series of adjustment and control policies enacted by the Chinese government since 2010, led China s real estate industry into periodic adjustments. In view of a sluggish market environment coupled with a wait-and-see attitude, the Group, adhering to the philosophy of proactive management style, sound operation and strategy , decisively captured a brief window of opportunity and achieved a milestone leap as measured by profit, revenue and assets.
Unprecedented leap in profitability drove net profit and return on shareholders equity to a record high. During the year 2010, the Group s net profit surged by 616.1% to RMB8.02 billion and the compound annual growth rate of net profit over the past three years reached 256.2%. Profit from core businesses was up by 1800% to RMB5.51 billion.
Net profit margin of core businesses increased by 7 percentage points to 12%. Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company soared by 622.9% to RMB7.59 billion.
Return on shareholders equity increased by 35.4 percentage points to 45.3%, outperforming that of peer companies. Basic earnings per share increased substantially by 583.8% to 
Unprecedented leap in the revenue from core businesses resulted in a more balanced regional distribution. During the year 2010, the Group recognised property development revenue of RMB45.34 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of 800%. Such revenue was derived from 20 major cities, including the nine new cities of Changsha, Xi an, Kunming, Hefei, Guiyang, Baotao, Luoyang, Qingyuan and Pengshan. The property development revenue in five of these regions, including Guangdong, Chongqing, Chengdu, Changsha and Wuhan, exceeded RMB3.5 billion, of which Guangdong province contributed only 18%, indicating the establishment of the Group s nationwide distribution 
Unprecedented leap in the scale of assets and assets are of reasonable structure and good quality. At the end of 2010, the Group s total assets reached RMB104.45 billion, representing an increase of 65.6% year-on-year. Net current assets grew by 101.7% to RMB34.17 billion. Total debt ratio (total debttotal assets) and net debt ratio (the ratio of net borrowings 1 to total equity) at the end of the year were 29.8% and 52.5% respectively. The proportion of short-term borrowings to total debt at the end of the year was 22.5%, which remained healthy.

During the year, the Group adhered to the land reserve strategy of reinforcement in second-tier cities alongside the development of third-tier cities through developing second- tier cities and continuing to absorb high quality and low-cost land reserve by way of flexible diversified and financially sound methods. During the year, the Group acquired 67 land plots distributed in 49 cities in China, including Shanghai, Tianjin, Chengdu, Taiyuan, Shenyang, Jinan and Changchun, with the gross floor area ( GFA ) of the land reserve increasing by 51.126 million m 2 . 34 of them are in third-tier cities, and the proportion of land in the new land reserve located in these third-tier cities was 50.9%. The average cost of new land reserves was approximately RMB648m 2 and the average cost of land reserves located in third-tier cities was approximately RMB492m 2 .
As at 31 December 2010, the GFA of the Group s total land reserve was approximately 96.003 million m 2 , distributed among 62 major cities in China, including three municipalities, 20 provincial capitals and cities, 39 third-tier cities. There were altogether 112 projects under or pending for development and the average cost of the land reserve was approximately RMB520m 2 . The overall consideration for the Group s land reserve as at the end of the year was RMB56.5 billion, of which the settled and outstanding amounts were RMB37.2 billion and RMB19.3 billion respectively. In accordance with the agreements, RMB10.34 billion and RMB5.24 billion were scheduled to be paid in 2011 and 2012 respectively, with RMB3.72 billion to be paid 
The Board firmly believes that, with the Group s adherence to a forward-looking strategy, the Group has actively seized the appropriate opportunities and has succeeded in leveraging the greatest scale of land reserves in China at a relatively low cost. Furthermore, given that third-tier cities are generally less affected by the macro adjustment and control policies, the room for urban development is broad and the demand and growth potential for housing are immense, enabling the Group to share in the historic opportunities brought forth by the rapid economic growth and the acceleration of urbanization in China.

In 2010, the continuing implementation of unprecedented intensive adjustment and control policies by the Chinese government changed the track of the rapid surge in real estate prices, and with focus on suppressing impulse purchases and supporting self-use demand, even ushered the entire market into a profound evolution.
With such an unprecedented and severe change in circumstances, the Group adhered to its prospective vision and gave full play to its edge for good quality, low cost, large scale and fast turnover, by paying full attention to mid- to high-end products with focus on self-use demand and by taking the lead in opening up markets by way of a flexible and pragmatic pricing strategy, hence further increasing market share in second- and third-tier cities. During the year, the total saleable area launched by the Group was approximately 12.49 million m 2 and the rate of contracted sales was approximately 63.1%. There were 24 new projects across 17 second- and third-tier cities in China, including Changsha, Hefei, Shijiazhuang, Nanchang, Taiyuan, Tianjin and Chengdu, and a total of 56 projects for sale distributed in 28 cities in China.
During the year, the Group achieved aggregate contracted sales revenue of approximately RMB50.42 billion, representing an increase of 66.4% year-on-year; the GFA of contracted sales was 7.887 million m 2 , representing an increase of 39.9% over last year; the average selling price of contracted sales was RMB6,394m 2 , representing a year-on- year growth of 19.0%. 92.5% of the contracted sales was derived from second- and third-tier cities including Changsha, Chongqing, Chengdu, Shenyang, Wuhan and Taiyuan. The diversified regional distribution of contracted sales, a product mix in line with market demand and the Group s popular and high quality products together have enhanced its capability to resist market risk, hence laying a foundation for its rapid and sound development in the 
During the year, the Group put into practice the strategy for standardized operation of quality products and continued to implement the rapid development model through which over 70% of new projects were launched in about 6 months after the lands were obtained, driving the Group s performance to historical high levels in terms of the area of projects completed, the area of properties delivered, the area of contracted sales and the area under construction.
The Group completed construction of an area of 8.988 million m 2 for the year, representing an increase of 655.9% over the area of 1.189 million m 2 in 2009. At the end of the year, the Group had a total of 69 projects under construction, of which 59 projects had received pre-sale permits; the area under construction was approximately 23.97 million m 2 , of which 23.748 million m 2 were saleable area.

The Group upheld the financial policy of cash is king and proactively captured market opportunities to promote the diversification of financing channels. During the year, with the principle of maintaining healthy cashflows, the Group enhance its relationship with commercial banks on the basis of long-term co-operation and good credibility. The Group s year-end cash balance rose from RMB14.38 billion in 2009 to RMB19.95 billion in 2010. Together with the unutilized banking facilities of RMB33.25 billion, the total amount of funds available for use by the Group amounted to RMB53.2 
During the year of 2010, the Group issued two senior notes which amounted to US dollar 1.35 billion and the Group s net debt ratio remained at the satisfactory level of 52.5% as at 31 December 2010.
At the end of 2010, the Group had again accurately predicted the interest rate hikes and monetary tightening trends in China and successfully captured international capital market windows for the issue of two senior notes in January 2011 which amounted to RMB9.25 billion.
The Board is confident that our sound financial management policies and adequate financial resources have provided sufficient security to the Group s rapid business growth.
Additionally, the Group s excellent property sales results for the year will further consolidate its financial condition and enable it to capture development opportunities under market adjustments with ease.

On 13 January 2011, the Company issued 7.5%, 3 year senior notes with an aggregated principal amount of RMB5,550,000,000 and 9.25%, 5 year senior notes with an aggregated principal amount of RMB3,700,000,000 at 100% of the face value. The senior notes are jointly guaranteed by certain subsidiaries and are secured by pledges of the shares of the subsidiaries.
QUALITY PRODUCT CONCEPT AND 
During the year, the Group adhered to the strategy of brand + scale and continuously improved and extended its standardized industry chain of quality products. Further, through various methods including consolidating and expanding the strategic alliance for quality products, strengthening the centralization of bid offering and taking as well as centralizing procurement, the Group kept costs under control and enhanced the value for money or its products, in a bid to build the most reputed property brand in China.
The number of the Group s strategic alliance partners increased from over 200 companies in 2009 to over 300 companies at the end of the year, which consolidated the base for the standardized operation of quality products. With the support of the strategic alliance of quality products covering the whole process of the real estate industry, the Group selected well-known construction enterprises and suppliers in the PRC and abroad ranging from project planning and design, construction, garden construction to building and decoration materials. Meanwhile, various costs such as design, construction and procurement decreased due to economies of scale from large-scale development and 
The standardized operation of quality products has enabled the Company's success in establishing a distinct image of cost effectiveness. Given the excellent brand and high quality of its properties, the properties of the Group were sought after in the market and were granted various awards in China.
According to China Real Estate Value Ranking in September 2010, the brand value of the Group amounted to RMB8.016 billion, ranking at the top of the list.
MANAGEMENT TEAM AND 
The Board is of the opinion that the Group s excellent management team and advanced management style contributed greatly to the success of the Group. The management team emphasised and devised plans for the areas of human resources and management systems to achieve economies of scale and enhance the brand image of the Group. As at the end of 2010, the Group had a total of 19,351 employees, of which over 90% of the employees of the property development stream were graduates with university degrees or above, forming a highly educated team of young and high quality staff.
The Group has adopted one of the best management systems in China. It has adopted an integrated centralized management system to ensure unified management of regional companies, and has implemented strict target planning management on full scale.
The insightful strategic decisions and sound execution capability of the management team supported the Group in maintaining long term steady and rapid development. In April and May 2010, the management team of the Group took the lead in responding to market conditions and decisively expanded our marketing campaign. At the same time, the Group further improved the speed of launching new projects, with several new projects launched 6 months after land was obtained. As a result, a number of the Group's business and financial indicators grew multiple times.

The Board has passed a resolution to propose the payment of a final dividend on or before 15 July 2011 (Friday) of RMB0.1268 per share (the 2010 Final Dividend ), to shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the Company s Register of Members on 27 May 2011 (Friday).
The 2010 Final Dividend is subject to approval at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company.

The Group has been conducting business according to the principles of the Code on Corporate Governance Practices ( Code ) set forth in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules, and the Group has complied with all applicable rules of the Code.
The Board understands that protecting and utilizing corporate resources and creating value for shareholders is the first priority of an enterprise. The Board has therefore committed to improve the standard of corporate governance, and continue enhancing our profitability and potential for sustainable growth. In 2010, the Group made great progress in standardizing its management, strengthening internal monitor systems and cost controls, increasing the overall transparency of the Company and perfecting corporate internal control mechanisms and risk management of the Board, among other achievements.
The Group particularly emphasized the transparency and efficiency of information disclosures, and employs various methods, such as monthly sales briefings and communications, sales results release conferences and investors meetings, to deliver comprehensive information, such as the latest development strategies, development progress, sales results and market prospects of the Group to 
The Board believes that the efforts mentioned above will help the Group maximize its financial performance, so as to maximize shareholder value and implement the strong and sustainable development strategies of the Group.
PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY S LISTED 
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company s listed securities during the year ended 31 December 2010.

CONDUCTED BY THE DIRECTORS The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers ( Model Code ) set forth in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions conducted by the directors. After detailed and cautious enquiries, the Company confirmed that for the year ended 31 December 2010 all directors always abided by the Model Code.

RESPONSIBILITIES AND AWARDS The Group adheres to its original intention of developing properties for people s livelihood, and vigorously assumes corporate social responsibilities, devoting its best efforts to charity activities which support livelihood, sports and environmental protection, working hard to foster social harmony and progress through wholly beneficial activities.
The Group is convinced that corporate development is closely related to people s livelihood. In the past 14 years since incorporation, the Group has provided 180,000 households with cost-effective residential buildings. Just in 2010, the Group provided 65,000 units of commercial residential flats to residents in 28 cities in China, with the proportion of first-time home buyers accounting for over 55% and the proportion of small- and medium-sized flats of less than 144 m 2 accounting for over 80.6% of the total trading volume. In the Group s property portfolio, highly- demanded mid-end and mid- to high-end residential buildings accounted for approximately 74% of the total and the selling prices were kept within a reasonable range affordable to home buyers.
During the year, the Group actively supported the 23rd Table Tennis Asian Cup and football events in China, and made donations to charity activities, including the reconstruction of the earthquake-damaged Yushu region, the construction of basic education facilities in northern Guangdong, preparations for establishing the Hong Kong New Homeland Association, the Guangdong to Help the Poor Day and the Guangzhou Asian Games. The Group donated more than RMB53 million to charity activities during the year.
During the year, the Group was ranked among the top ten in the sector in the Top 10 Property Developers of China as announced by China Real Estate Top 10 Research Group, for the seventh consecutive year. The Group s brand value, amounting to RMB8.016 billion, was ranked the top in the Brand Value Rankings of China s Real Estate Industry .
Regarding the building of a sense of corporate citizenship, the Group topped the list of China s Top 10 Real Estate Enterprises with Sense of Social Responsibility and was awarded China s Excellent Corporate Citizen for 2010 . As for the aspects of business operation and investment value, the Group was awarded Top 10 Operational Efficiency and Blue-Chip Real Estate Enterprise for 2010 in the China Top Hundred Real Estate Enterprises as well as Top 10 Hong Kong Listed Real Estate Companies in China by combined value in the Brand Value Rankings of China s Listed Real Estate Companies for 2010. The above awards demonstrated that the Group s achievements in social responsibility, internal control and brand building were highly recognized.

Under the quantitative easing policies launched by developed countries and high domestic inflation expectations, the Board is of the view that government regulation and control would take an important role in China s real estate market in 2011. Upon the introduction of the new eight measures of the State Council and the purchase restriction order in January this year, the shrinking market trading volume seems to have indicated that China s real estate market will face challenge amidst evolution and pains in 2011.
The Board understands that the Chinese government intends to prevent a rapid surge in real estate prices and to regulate and stabilize the real estate market and believes that China s real estate market, having experienced regulation and control, will undertake a more reasonable and steady growth in the near future. The Board also understands that, along with more extensive regulation and control, industry consolidation will be accelerated and a significant increase in market concentration and ordering will result, which indicates a golden opportunity for development for brand name enterprises with strategic vision, leading scale and operational expertise, suggesting that the Group will capture market opportunities more easily.
Regulation and control have altered the evolution of the industry. However, the Board is convinced that the development context of the Group will not be changed. The Group s confidence is derived from the rise of China s overall economy, the drive from the housing demand as a result of urbanization,industrialization and various comprehensive elements such as its past management experience, brand strength, human resources, land reserve and capital accumulation. The Group s efforts over the years have provided a good foundation and favorable conditions for the Group to develop into a leader in quality properties in standardized operation in China. The strong growth in business results in the past years indicates the capability and strength of the Group and will become the foundation of its further advancement. It is believed that the Group will also benefit from the positive developments of the overall industry and will achieve a bigger leap forward while actively responding to the regulation and control and putting the concept of properties for people s livelihood into practice.

2011 is a year of challenges and breakthroughs to the Company. The Group will continue the development philosophy of New starting point, new philosophy, new mindset, new standard amidst adjustments and control and breakthroughs in the course of development in order to further strengthen our leading position in China s real estate 
The Group will reinforce its compact group management style at all angles and centralize the management of key areas such as project development, project quality, cost control, capital planning and human resources by way of vertical integration. The headquarters of the Group, being the center of management, will adhere to the overall principles of increasing efficiency, controlling risks and saving costs, and allocate resources in a rational manner, enhance organizational processes, and support the business development of top-tier companies to maximize overall 
The Group will continue to reinforce second-tier cities intensively, capture growth opportunities in regions with fast economic growth on our prospective vision and further expand its vertical and horizontal strategic network. On the basis of consolidating second-tier and third-tier cities, the Group will actively seek opportunities, attempt to obtain high quality and low cost land reserves through flexible and diversified methods, and endeavor to explore business diversification. In January 2011, the Group seized the opportunity to acquire a 71% equity interest in m3W- (W) gPlQS (Shenzhen Construction (Group) Co., Ltd.) and obtained a total of 380,000 m 2 of land reserve and 50,000 m 2 of floor area for lease in cities including Shenzhen and Dongguan for the first time. On the basis of maintaining sound operations of residential property in second-tier and third-tier cities and stable cashflow, the Group will also adopt strategies for a modest attempt to diversify our business formats such as commercial property with an objective to improve results and stablize cashflows.
The Group will continue to uphold prudent financial management, stress the stability of finance, availability of funds and liquidity, and will strictly control various costs by a combination of different methods and will increase the rate of utilization and rate of return of funds. At the same time, the Group will explore several channels of financing, leverage domestic and overseas financing platforms and further strengthen its funding base.
The Group will continue to enhance the standardized industry chain of quality properties throughout the process and implement the rapid development strategy to ensure that every project is successfully developed and sold. At the same time, the Group aims for a reasonable pace of development and construction and set rational and reasonable selling prices according to market conditions to secure the rate of investment return on projects and to pursue simultaneous improvement in the speed and quality of growth. The Group will fully reinforce its quality property strategy and implement quality property standards strictly on the basis of expanding and consolidating existing brand alliances in order to maintain its industry-leading property quality, and to ensure revenue recognized upon delivery of property for the year will be achieved according to schedule.
The Group will carry out an intensive study on national industrial policies and real market demand for a reasonable arrangement of properties with focus on the traditional mid- to high-end properties complemented by high-end and tourism-related properties. The number of high-end properties, mid-end and mid- to high-end properties and tourism-related properties will be maintained in the reasonable proportion of 1:7:2 so as to cover the widest range of customer groups.
The Group will research the optimal allocation of human resources, with focus on the introduction and training of professionals and technicians for areas such as construction supervision, budget and accounts, finance and development, and improved team building so as to bring new blood for the development of the Group.
The Group will strive to build a service system integrating real estate and property, maintain its leading position in fundamental services and improve the operating conditions of the property system. Supported by a complete set of facilities of the projects, the Group will endeavor to provide integrated value-added services in relation to leisure, film and television, sports and health, in accordance with actual customer needs, to further increase customer loyalty.

The year 2011 is a year with both challenges and opportunities.
The Board is highly confident in obtaining excellent results once again. The Group plans to achieve an increase of 38.8% in contracted sales amount to RMB70 billion for 2011 compared with the same period of 2010, and it reviews sales targets each month and adjusts development and sales plans in response to ever-changing market conditions in a timely manner. It plans to deliver RMB60 billion worth of properties for the year, an increase of 32.2% over 2010.
The Board believes that with the Group s forward-looking strategies and solid foundation of presence throughout China, rich industry experience, strong brand and financial strength, continuous hard work and ever-changing innovation, the Group will certainly be able to make new breakthroughs in various indicators and continue to maintain its leading position in quality properties in China under standardized operation.
REVIEW OF CONSOLIDATED 
The Audit Committee of the Company comprises of all independent non-executive directors, Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David, Mr. Yu Kam Kee, Lawrence and Mr. He Qi. The Audit Committee assists the Board in providing an independent review of the completeness, accuracy and fairness of the financial statements of the Group, as well as the efficiency and effectiveness of the Group s operations and internal controls. The Audit Committee has reviewed the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2010.
PUBLICATION OF INFORMATION ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE S WEBSITE This announcement will be published on the Stock Exchange s website and the Company s website (www.
evergrande.com). The 2010 Annual Report will also be published on the Stock Exchange s website and the Company s website and will be despatched to the shareholders of the Company.

The steady development of the businesses of the Company has always been due to the trust and support of all the shareholders, investors and business partners as well as the loyalty of all members of its staff, and on behalf of the Board, I express my heartfelt gratitude.
Hui Ka Yan 
Hong Kong, 29 March 2011 