Chairman s Statement LI Chao Wang Chairman Vinda International will embrace technological innovation as its core competence, centre around consumers needs when planning development direction and achieve new heights with its global perspective.
LI Chao Wang Chairman On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of Vinda International Holdings Limited ( Vinda International or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I am pleased to present the Group s annual report for the year ended 31 December 2012.
2012 has been a year of sluggish growth. Uncertainties cast by the European sovereign debt crisis and the threat of the US economy falling off the fiscal cliff continued to weigh on the world economy, and even China saw a slowdown in its foreign trade growth. In contrast, China s domestic demand continued to exhibit steady development. As China s new leadership assumed office at the end of 2012, the central government has pledged to speed up urbanization with a target of doubling household income in a decade. These efforts will become a major driving force behind the increase in domestic consumption. Household paper, which is not only a fast-moving consumer good but also a daily necessity, will enjoy an increase in demand as the domestic consumption expands. It is expected that people will increasingly look for daily necessities with good quality when their income is on the course to double. This development bodes well for a reputable enterprise with good brand name like Vinda International, well set to tap the opportunities to diversify its businesses for better 
In the year under review, the Group s revenue increased by 26.4% to HK$6,024,046,812 (2011: HK$4,765,299,413) while gross profit increased by 43.1% to HK$1,854,942,014 (2011: HK$1,296,507,669). Profit attributable to equity holders rose 32.3% to HK$536,561,755 (2011: HK$405,714,390), and basic earnings per share were 54.6 HK cents (2011: 43.3 HK cents).
The Board proposed a payment of a final dividend of 11.3 HK cents per share for the financial year ended 31 December 2012 to reward the shareholders for their continuous support to the Group.
The promising prospect of the household paper industry has attracted more market players. During the year under review, peers of all sizes unveiled plans to expand production capacity, the threat of a vicious competition has become a key concern in the industry. Nevertheless, we believe the industry development is generally healthy and normal.
The Chinese government has earlier announced its policy to require a number of industries to shut down obsolete and inefficient production facilities. It is expected that the household paper manufacturing industry has just begun its path of consolidation in light of technology upgrade. The conditions for China s economic development are changing as operating costs such as wages and raw materials costs have been surging, corners companies running on old business models. In order to emerge as a winner amid intensive competition, an enterprise has to advance in the value chain with a focus on product quality and added value. Although household paper is a traditional industry, there is still room for breakthroughs in technology. Vinda International will embrace technological innovation as its core competence, centre around consumers needs when planning development direction and achieve new heights with its global perspective, aiming to develop the Group into a sizeable and strong enterprise and turn a small paper tissue manufacturing company into a large enterprise for long-term and sustainable development.
Vinda has long become a household name and its brand equity is the Group s core competitive strength. Years of remarkable growth in the Group s financial results has boosted the confidence level of the management in implementing business plans for market share expansion.
In order to satisfy consumers strong demand for Vinda s products, the Group has to speed up the construction of new production facilities and the upgrade of its existing ones, with an objective of achieving an annual production capacity of one million tons ahead of the original target set for 2015. During the year, the Group built its eighth plant in Xinhui, Guangdong Province on top of its seven production bases to allay the persistent shortage of our household paper products in Southern China in recent years. As an industry pioneer, Vinda International stays ahead of the competition by pursuing excellence in production technology and improving our logistic capabilities. For instance, the Group acquired the latest models of production and packaging equipment from Italy during the year. Such advanced production facilities, coupled with the excellent logistic and warehousing systems will enable the Group to pull itself up the value chain with innovation, industrial upgrade, maximized efficiency and differentiated quality services.
With 27 years of experience in fast moving consumer goods under its belt, Vinda International has built a solid foundation. China is the fastest growing market of personal care products in the world, the Group is in an advantageous position to reap the benefits which resulted from market expansion and will step up its efforts in diversifying into a wider range of personal care products. The Group, through its 41% held associate V-Care, has embarked on the baby diaper business under the brand Babifit . Advanced production facilities have been set up in Hubei province. The baby diapers have won market recognition for their quality.
V-Care will focus on building sales channels and increasing market penetration for the Babifit brand. In 2013, V-Care will enter the high-margin female sanitary napkins market.
It will commence sanitary napkins business by outsourcing production initially. An in-house marketing team is being set up for sales of products under its own brand, VIA . By launching other high-margin products into the market, the Group will maximize synergies among different products, exploit the distribution network, mitigate the impact of price fluctuation which resulted from relying on one single raw material, and enhance its overall profit margin.
We have high hopes of a brighter future for Vinda International and have set up a detailed development plan on market share gains, production capacity expansion, technological upgrade, and diversification into personal care products. To finance the development plan and business expansion, the Group has raised additional capital by way of shares placement in 2012. Meanwhile, SCA, a pioneer of global personal care and hygiene product businesses, has increased its equity interest in the Group, showing its confidence in Vinda International. We look forward to closer cooperation with SCA in the future to speed up the development of our personal care business.
Since becoming a listed company in 2007, Vinda International has gained much support and trust from the investment community in the past five years. In 2012, the Group won a number of accolades including the First Place of Best Mid-Cap Company (China) in 2012 Asia s Best Companies Poll conducted by FinanceAsia, an authoritative financial magazine, the Miracle Awards in the 2012 Top 100 Hong Kong Listed Companies selection jointly organized by QQ.com and Finet. These awards not only signify investor s recognition of the Group s development strategies and innovation, but also applaud its efforts in enhancing corporate governance, investor relations and 
Looking ahead, China s urbanization, intensified competition and industry consolidation will pose both opportunities and challenges to the Group. Vinda International will stay vigilant and yet confident in dealing with them. Armed with its strong brand, the Group will endeavour to break new ground in its paper tissue business with an aim to expand market share and bring better returns to its shareholders.
Li Chao Wang 
26 March 2013 