During the year, the Chinese economy maintained a strong growth momentum. China s gross domestic product (GDP) expanded at a rate of 10.3% in 2010. The growing demand for personal hygiene products, especially the substantial increase in the need for quality household paper products, driven by the sustained rise in rural and urban income has provided Vinda International with a favorable operating 
In the year under review, the Group s turnover was HK$3,602,168,770 (2009: HK$2,776,116,529), representing a growth of 29.8% over the previous year. Gross profit amounted to HK$1,062,037,455 (2009: HK$950,798,608), representing a significant increase of 11.7%. Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$368,946,107 (2009: HK$397,799,707). Basic earnings per share were 40.4 Hong Kong cents (2009: 44.0 Hong Kong cents).
LI Chao Wang 
As a note of thanks to the long-standing support of shareholders for the Group, the Board proposed the declaration of a final dividend of 8.7 Hong Kong cents per share for the financial year ended 31 December 2010 to all shareholders.
2010 was a remarkable year for Vinda International as it marks our 25th anniversary. For the past quarter of a century, the Group grasped the opportunity in the flourishing need for personal household paper and established the Vinda brand equity in the household paper space. The Group has secured Vinda s leading position in China household paper market through the establishment of production bases and the development of sales channels. In the next twenty five years, riding on the current success of the Group, the main focus of the Board is to attain a better development by capitalizing on the competitive edges of Vinda s brand, the effective use of sales channels as well as the proper employment of capital market platform.
2010 was a year of Brand Enhancement. On the brand building front, we are planning to foster more star products in addition to the Classic Blue Series , our flagship product.
During the year, the Group has marshaled a clearly defined branding strategy and attained a satisfactory progress in brand upgrading by leveraging a series of brand imaging and promotion activities.
In recent years, Vinda International put intensive effort in the studies of how to extend its business to the personal care product sector and is in the view that the adoption of asset-light development model would enable the Group to cultivate this business at a steady pace. In this regard, the Group collaborated with various resourceful investors to establish an investment platform through the formation of a 41% owned joint venture, V-Care Holdings Limited ( V-Care ) during the year. V-Care, with a large development potential, is committed to escalating the development of personal care product business, such as diapers and sanitary napkins, in which baby diapers will be the first product to be launched. Moreover, V-Care will actively build its own brand, as well as capitalizing on Vinda International s vast distribution network to create synergy and enhance its operational efficiency.
To meet the robust market demand, the Group has formulated a comprehensive capacity expansion plan. The Group added 50,000 tpa (ton per annum) to the capacity of its production base in XiaoGan, HuBei in Central China and commenced the construction of a new plant in AnShan, LiaoNing in Northeast China during the year. Completion of the two aforementioned expansion plans will not only enhance the Asterisk production network of Vinda International across the country, but also help the Group exploit better economies of scale with further reductions in logistics costs. As at 31 December 2010, total production capacity of the Group reached 370,000 tpa and a total of approximately 100,000 tpa of new capacity is expected to be added by the end of 2011.
The Group has achieved great progresses in brand enhancement, production capacity expansion and investment during the year under review, nevertheless it is believed that the positive impact brought by such factors will not fully materialize until next year on account of the rapid rebound of raw materials price. In 2010, the price of wood pulp, one of the major raw materials, saw a substantial and continuous rebound from the low in 2009.
The suspension of supply from Chile and Finland, two major wood pulp supplying countries, amid the earthquake and strike respectively boosted the price to a historical height, resulting in the increase in production cost of the paper manufacturing industry. In view of this, the Group also actively optimized its product mix and implemented cost adjustment so as to mitigate the negative impact arose from the rise in cost.
In an effort to solidify our liquidity position for capital expansion and potential investment plans, the Group raised a net amount of approximately HK$264,000,000 (after deducting related fees and expenses) by the top-up placement involving issuance of 28.5 million new shares at a price of HK$9.5 during the period under review.
Looking forward to 2011, the price of wood pulp is expected to stay high and the haze of inflation will linger around the Chinese economy. As such, maintaining a stable profit while balancing the sensitivity of customers to prices and controlling the cost of sales will be important issues on the operations discussed among the Group. In the long run, continuously implementing the strategy of both investment in joint venture and in-house production as well as exploring products which will create synergy with the brand advantages of Vinda will be the key to our long term growth.
The Group is well prepared to professionalize itself and develop new business lines. In early 2010, the Board appointed Ms. ZHANG Dong Fang as the Chief Executive Officer with a view to effectively implementing professional management and fostering business development through professional and effective planning. In the future, while maintaining its prudent fiscal policies, the Group will continue to develop its business cautiously, broaden its distribution network and expand its production capacity with a view to building a quality, convenient and healthy living environment for its customers and the people.
The Group owes its remarkable results in 2010 to the continuous trust and support from the whole community and the joint efforts of the team. I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all the shareholders, customers and business partners. We will continue our efforts to generate lucrative returns for our shareholders in the year to come.

LI Chao Wang 
Hong Kong, 30 March 2011 