Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ), I am pleased to present the annual report of Lonking Holdings Limited (the Company or China Longgong ) for the year ended 31 December 2009.
REVIEW OF BUSINESS The year 2009 was an extraordinary year in the world s history of economic development. Under the tremendous impacts of the global financial crisis, the Company also faced severe challenges like many enterprises. Nevertheless, in face of such difficulties, we remained firm and calm and adopted decisive measures to cope with various challenges, meanwhile explored new opportunities and achieved new heights amid the crisis, transforming the measures to combat against the global financial crisis into a driver to raise the level of development of the Company, thereby consolidating the foundation for China Longgong s sound and speedy development in the long run. Despite the complicated and changing external environment, we managed to achieve a good set of results by overcoming all the difficulties through joint efforts. Our major achievements include: 1. In spite of the decrease in the total sales of our major product, loaders, the extent was less than the decline in the overall industry. As such, our competitiveness of our major product, loaders and our leading position were further strengthened and consolidated. In 2009, the total sales volume of China Longgong s loaders was 25,05? units. According to the statistics released by China Construction Machinery Industry Association, Longgong s loaders continued to account for over 20% market share.
2. Apart from loaders, other segments such as excavators, forklifts and road machineries also achieved 
The segments of excavators, forklifts and road machineries are new areas of Longgong s key development. After our technological research and development and market network expansion in recent years, the new segments of excavators, forklifts and road machineries recorded speedy growth and made significant breakthroughs in 2009. Sales volume of excavators for the year was more than 2,02? units whilst the sales amount increased by 247%, whereas the sales volume of forklifts rose by 87% to 5,518 units. Sales of road rollers also grew rapidly with over 129% increase in sales amount. The success of these new products represents the diversification of China Longgong s product mix and the shift from engaging in a single segment of loaders. The sales revenue from these new products accounted for more than 25% of the total sales revenue. Most importantly, the quality of these new products improved significantly after product development and accumulating extensive manufacturing experience through batch production and enhanced self-production with substantial increase in gross profit margin. These new products have become important growth drivers of China Longgong for the year and in the future.

3. Sound consolidated financial performance with record high sales revenue and net profit margin In 2009, as the construction machinery industry worldwide suffered from the financial crisis, the majority of the world s leading construction machinery manufacturers recorded a sharp decline in results, except for China where the construction machinery landscape remained unaffected. China Longgong recorded a good sets of financial results with sales revenue and net profits achieving historical highs, which increased by 12.3% to RMB?.9 billion and by 20% to over RMB800 million respectively. The overall gross profit margin of the Company also rose from 19.1% to 23.4%.
4. Great progress achieved in research and development of products which further increased product quality and enhanced user satisfaction.
In coping with the financial crisis, the Company attached much emphasis to the fundamentals and basis of corporate development and allocated more human, material and financial resources to the research and development system. The Company achieved great progress in its corporate development where considerable progress and breakthroughs were made in the area of mid- to large-scale excavators and more complicated spare parts. At the same time, the Company placed more emphasis on product quality and maintained continuous improvement of product quality through integration and forming strategic alliance with suppliers. Through the implementation of one-year repairs and maintenance for complete set products and 24-hour services, Longgong branded products had been increasingly well-received by domestic and overseas users. This is an assurance for the sustainable development China Longgong.
5. Hard power and soft power of the Company were enhanced significantly upon the commencement of operation of the four major production bases and completion of technology reform After years of efforts and investments, the construction our four major production bases in Shanghai, Fujian, Jiangxi and Henan have been fully completed, allowing a more reasonable production structure to satisfy the growth needs in the coming years and laying a solid foundation for further development of China Longgong. In addition, the Company continued to pursue entrusted management to further strengthen its management model of level-based performance appraisal and general manager accountability system. Through major reforms on management models and management concepts, our soft power was maximized.
For the year ended 31 December 2009, annual turnover of the Company was RMB?,901,000,000, up 12.3% over the corresponding period of the previous year. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB8,002,250,000.
Since its listing, China Longgong has strived to maintain transparency and improve standards of corporate governance. We have established and maintained good communication with our investors, who recognize the broad development strategies of the Company and are confident of the Company s 
2010 will be a relatively complicated year for China s economy. China Longgong will also face a relatively challenging external environment. However, based on the figures in the first quarter, the general economy of China is expected to remain upbeat and the fundamentals for the construction machinery industry are all set for a better development. As such, we have to analyze the prevailing conditions and seize every opportunity to achieve a sound and speedy development of the Company.
The central government regards the steady and fast economic growth as its priority, aiming to maintain a GDP growth of approximately 8%. Currently, the package of measures introduced by the State, such as expanding domestic demands and enlarging the scale of investments in fixed assets, has significantly driven the development of construction machinery industry. In an overall perspective, as the State made substantial investments in high-speed railways, highways, harbours, the development of western regions, the construction of towns and new villages, large-sized energy projects, the reconstruction of the earthquake-hit disaster areas in Sichuan, etc., demands for construction machinery will continue to grow. At the meetings of NPC and CPPCC held during the year, the chairman of China Construction Machinery Industry Association and NPC and CPPCC representatives of construction machinery industry were both optimistic about the development of the construction machinery industry and expected that the construction machinery in China would maintain a growth rate of over 15% this year.
During the course of its long-term development, the Company has secured a number of outstanding competitive advantages: a leading market position and brand awareness; strategic geographical locations; the operation model of vertical integration; a powerful distribution and service network covering the whole nation; strong research and development capabilities; the advantage of a high performance-price ratio for its products; experienced management team and effective operation mechanism; and all these have proven their merits. The Company will make the best of its existing competitive advantages and carry out effective control on costs of administration, purchasing, operation, etc., so as to improve its operating efficiency and grasp every opportunity to obtain impressive results in industry consolidation and future development and to maximize the returns to our shareholders.

In order to ensure the future sustainable development of the Company, we have formulated a diversified strategy focusing on construction machinery, with emphasis on product and market expansion, cost control, enhancement of research and development of our products, and development of overseas market. Our aim is to become one of the global leading manufacturers of construction machinery through continuous growth and improvement of profitability.
Market expansion. We ensure our leading position in the loader industry in China through our persistent efforts and market integration. At the same time, we will strengthen our efforts to develop new products including excavators, forklifts and road machineries as new sources of growth for Lonking this year and in the future.

Cost control. The Company mitigates cost pressure brought by rise in costs of raw materials through economies of scale and improvement of internal management and appropriately adjusts its pricing strategies according to market demands so as to ensure that the gross profit margin of the Company will maintain at an industry leading level.
Enhancement of product research and development. The Company will increase its investment in technology research institutes, and develop more loaders, excavators, forklifts, road rollers and other spare part products that meet the various needs of our customers, bringing more series and diversification for our products. In particular, the Company will strive to achieve more significant breakthroughs in the research of bottleneck products this year.
Expansion of overseas markets. As we suffered a sharp fall in 2009 due to the negative impact caused by the financial crisis on overseas markets, we have adopted a prudent approach and basically ceased the sales to overseas customers. As the global economy recover, the Company will actively carry out research and development on new products that meet the demands of various overseas markets, and establish a sound overseas distribution agent network. With market risk under proper control, the Company will promote the Longgong brand to the global market making use of the high performance-price ratio of our products and our excellent service and attain the leap-forward development of our overseas business.
We are honoured to have a professional Board, an experienced and diligent management team, and industrious and intelligent employees. I wish to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all directors and employees for their assiduous efforts. We will do our utmost to recruit talents to realize the sustainable development of China Longgong.
As always, China Longgong will strive to become a leading manufacturer in construction machinery industry, attain sustainable growth and maintain profitability, and exert all our efforts to create the greatest value for our customers and bring the best returns to our shareholders.
Li San Yim 
30 March 2010 