Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the annual report of Lonking Holdings Limited (the Company or Lonking ) for the year ended 31 December 2011.
Last year was a very special year for the construction machinery industry in the PRC, in which the market featured a blowout and experienced a drastically-falling roller coaster condition. During the first quarter, under the joint forces of several factors, the industry earned a rapid growth. Nevertheless, under the influence of factors like the macro-policies, it has been declining monthly since April and, in particular, the construction machinery industry experienced its trough in the second half of the year when the European sovereign-debt crisis became sever, macro control in the PRC had been constantly crunched and the constructions of infrastructures, especially the railway, had been ceased at a large scale while the development of real estate had constantly fallen. To fight for a higher market share, the market competition became intensive, most enterprises in the industry adopted various promotion strategies that made a bleaker competition. Certain enterprises even charged no downpayments, leading to low economic efficiency, surging in trade receivables, shrinking cash flow and higher operating risk.
In particular, the excavator industry once again faced various problems including long recovery period for receivables, a fractured capital chain for construction enterprises and an obvious rise in overdue rate, facing a challenge that it has never encountered in its development.
Confronting such complex situation, the Board needs the management to be clear-headed, understanding the situation, grasping the key points, adjusting the model, and turning risks into opportunities.
Understanding the situation. We believe that, compared to the financial crisis in 2008, this industry crisis would linger for a longer period, pose a bigger influence on the industry and require a longer mental preparation. The default, defer and abortion of constructions of railway and highway, in particular, would bring deeper and far-reaching negative impacts to the machinery industry.
Grasping the key points. Under the current market condition, the key of our work is to step up the efforts in cash flow management, specifically the recover of trade receivables and the risk prevention of finance lease receivables. Also, while keeping the risks under control, we have to ensure our leading position of the loader industry and enhance the development of products including fork lifts.
Adjusting the model. For more than a decade, Lonking has been proving that the customers of loaders and fork lifts are of better ability to pay with small bad debt ratio and basically-controllable risk. However, in the competition of excavator industry, which features a low down payment ratio and long payment recovery period, the risk would be obviously higher during economic downturn. In the fourth quarter, we commenced our adjustments in sales strategy of excavators that focus on a healthy growth of the enterprise rather than a mere quantity expansion.

Turning risks into opportunities. The present situation of the industry is featured by opportunities within risks and opportunities after risks. We require the management to secure the critical timing, practise the skills and cement the development basis of industry focusing on product quality and product development with the aim of making breakthroughs in developing new products and core components and establishing a strong basis for the coming development.
By the concerted efforts of all the Lonking workers, in 2011, we have basically accomplished our goals.
We maintained our leading position in the loader industry, recorded rapid growth in fork lifts and modified the marketing strategy of excavators. In particular, operating cash flow and net cash flows, where we placed our focus on, recorded positive numbers, which brought us a certain extent of comparative advantages compared with the huge negative numbers reported by most of the other players in the industry. These achievements not only empowered the Company with adequate capital, resources and reserve, but also ensured the solid development of Lonking and the competitive edges enjoyed by the Company during the next round of development.
Dear friends, the year 2011 will be a watershed for the development of the construction machinery production industry in the PRC, in which the entire industry switch from the stage of an overall vigorous growth, which was sustained for years, to a medium-speed development stage featuring steady growth rate. In the medium-long run, the construction machinery in the PRC still possesses a strong growth momentum. By ensuring the smooth implementation of the projects such as water resources under construction, electricity, railways and major equipment, the PRC government plays a vital role in stimulating the demand of the machinery market. Meanwhile, the construction machinery market will be given with a huge room for development as a result of the fast urbanization process in the PRC as well as the implementation of the affordable housing construction policy. With the increasing recognition of the construction machinery products made in China by the international market, the cost-effective products will only attract more foreign customers. In the backdrop of an optimistic macro environment in the PRC, construction machinery industry may, however, encounter situations such as over-production, intensifying competitions, continuous rising of cost for production factors and weak demand in the short-term. As a result, market opportunities are made for well-prepared enterprises.
Based on the aforementioned, we will advance in a prudent manner in 2012. Leveraging on the reform of management and operation, active adjustments will be made. Leveraging on Longking s competitive edge, we will seek a new breakthrough and a sweet spot to achieve solid development. In 2012, we will step up our efforts in maintaining our leading position in the loader industry, facilitating steady development of excavators production industry as well as magnifying our market competitiveness of fork lifts and road rollers. By seizing both domestic and international markets, we will promote Lonking brand presence, create core competitiveness and maximize the returns for the general investors.

Since its listing, Lonking has strived to maintain transparency and improve standards of corporate governance. We have established and maintained good communication with our investors, who recognize the broad development strategies of the Company and are confident of the Company s future 
We are honoured to have a professional Board, an experienced and diligent management team, and industrious and intelligent employees. I wish to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all directors and employees for their assiduous efforts. We will do our utmost to recruit talents to realize the sustainable development of Lonking.
As always, Lonking will strive to become a leading manufacturer in construction machinery industry, attain sustainable growth and maintain profitability, and exert all our efforts to create the greatest value for our customers and bring the best returns to our shareholders.
Li San Yim 
2? March 2012 