Report of Chairman Report of Chairman Hui Ka Yan 
I am pleased to present the results of Evergrande Real Estate Group Limited ( Evergrande or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2012.
The Group s turnover and gross profit for the year amounted to RMB65.26 billion and RMB18.21 billion respectively, and the net profit was RMB9.18 billion.
Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to RMB9.17 billion, and the earnings per share of the Group was RMB0.61.

In 2012, the China property market continued to weather the austerity measures imposed on the sector, and experienced ups and downs, gradually picking up following the initial decline in the beginning. The general trend was in line with the Group s fundamental expectation made at the end of 2011. In the first half of the year, the market continued the profound adjustment starting from the end of 2011 where the area of residential properties sold nationwide and sales amount recorded a year-on-year decline of 11.2% and 6.5% 1 , respectively. In the second half of the year, the People s Bank of China began to lower interest rates in light of the deceleration of global economic growth and the continuous fall in inflation in China, so as to boost macro-economy and to strive to realize the Central Government s target on stabilising growth . In tandem with the gradual adjustment of property price to reasonable levels, the robust demand was swiftly transformed into actual transaction volume, and thus the property market has gradually been stabilised.
During the year, the area of our residential properties sold and our sales amount recorded a year-on-year growth of 2.0% and 10.9%, respectively, while the average selling price recorded a year-on-year growth of 8.7% 2 .
In 2012, given the dominance of robust demand, significant divergence appeared in terms of regional markets, product structures and real estate developers. First- and second-tier cities showed outstanding performance with rapid rebound of transaction volume, and end-user products of less than 144 m 2 were extremely popular. Real estate developers generally benefited from the inventory clearance strategy, which in turn further consolidated the industry. The competitive edges of large real estate developers in aspects such as land reserves, financial resources and sales volume were more significant. In 2012, the sales of China s Top 10 real estate developers accounted for 12.46% of property sales in China, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.77 percentage points or a significant increase of 2.47 percentage points as compared to the growth in 2011 3 .
Leveraging on its thorough understanding of the policy intention of the Central Government and its visionary predictions on the market trend, the Group has proactively seized market opportunities and consolidated its business foundation to realize the stable operation of its various businesses. During the year, the Group achieved contracted sales of RMB92.32 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of 14.8%; GFA of the contracted sales amounted to 15.485 million m 2 , ranking No. 1 in China 4 , and the GFA sold recorded a year-on-year growth of 26.9%; revenue amounted to RMB65.26 billion, of which revenue of the real estate development segment accounted for RMB63.51 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.0%; total cash (including cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash) amounted to RMB25.19 billion at the end of 2012; GFA of land reserve amounted to 140 million m 2 with average cost of RMB724 per m 2 ; area under construction at the end of the year was approximately 38.98 million m 2 .

Source: National Real Estate Development and Sales for January to June 2012 issued by National Bureau of Statistics of China 
Source: National Real Estate Development and Sales for 2012 issued by National Bureau of Statistics of China 
Source: CRIC Information Corporation and China Real Estate Appraisal 
Source: Top 50 PRC Real Estate Enterprises for 2012 in terms of Sales jointly issued by CRIC Information Corporation and China Real Estate Appraisal 
We moderately replenished our quality land reserve with net year-on- year growth in area of land reserve by 2.4%, maintaining the balance between consumption and replenishment.
During the year, in view of the completion targets for the year and the opportunities arising in the land market in the first half of the year, 47 projects were newly added, of which 13 projects were in second-tier cities and 34 projects were in third-tier cities. With GFA of 13.739 million m 2 completed in the year, the Group s land reserve was 140 million m 2 in the end of 2012, a net increase of 3.341 million m 2 or a growth of 2.4% as compared to 2011. The Group s newly acquired land reserves in the year covered cities including Changsha, Jinan, Shenyang, Guiyang, Ningbo, Wuxi, Ma anshan and Qiqihar, and the cost of newly acquired land reserves was approximately RMB1,151 per m 2 . Land acquisition was mainly conducted in the first half of the year with 34 new projects added, while the Group only added 13 new projects in the second half of the year.
As at 31 December 2012, the Group had 229 projects across 122 cities in China, of which 6 projects were in first-tier cities, 93 projects were in second-tier cities and 130 projects were in third-tier cities; the average cost of the land reserve was approximately RMB724 per m 2 . The low-cost land reserves and extensive footprints allowed the Group to implement its strategies in deeper dimensions, resulting in substantial scale advantages and greater capacity for sustainable development and resilience against risks.
The total cost for the Group s land reserves as at 31 December 2012 was RMB126.71 billion, of which the settled and outstanding amounts were RMB92.33 billion and RMB34.38 billion, respectively. RMB7.95 billion, RMB8.41 billion and RMB11.98 billion were scheduled to be paid in the first half of 2013, the second half of 2013 and within 2014, respectively, with RMB6.04 billion to be paid in 2015 and 
The Group hit new record highs in contracted sales once again and continued to rank No. 1 in China by GFA sold.
Given the extremely sluggish market environment in the first quarter of 2012, the Group launched relatively fewer projects. Since the second quarter, the Group has stepped up its efforts on the launch of sales of the existing and new projects. Riding on its high value-for-money products and upholding the inventory clearance strategy, the Group succeeded in surpassing its full-year contracted sales target of RMB80 billion one month in advance, and recorded contracted sales of RMB92.32 billion for the year, representing a year-on-year growth of 14.8% as compared with 2011 and achieving 115.4% of the annual target; the GFA of contracted sales was 15.485 million m 2 , representing a year-on-year growth of 26.9% as compared with 2011. 99.2% of the contracted sales of the Group were derived from second- and third-tier cities including Changsha, Chongqing, Taiyuan, Chengdu, Wuhan and Shenyang, of which the sales in second-tier cities and third-tier cities accounted for 44.8% and 54.4%, respectively.
During the year, as the market was dominated by robust demand, the Group continued to adhere to the concept of developing properties for people s livelihood to cultivate its presence in second- and third- tier cities with a product mix in line with market demand. The proportion of mass-market residential units of less than 144 m 2 developed by the Group accounted for over 76.0% of our total supply, and products launched were mainly units with small and medium areas that catered to the needs of end-users. China s total sales of commodity housing were RMB6,445.6 billion 5 in 2012 and, on such basis, the Group s market share in China was approximately 1.43% in 2012, representing a year-on-year increase of about 0.1 percentage point, which showed that the Group s products catering for people s livelihood and end-users were well received by the market.
During the year, the Group launched 58 new projects spanning across 52 second- and third-tier cities, including Shenyang, Chengdu, Chongqing, Jinan, Tianjin, Shijiazhuang, Changsha, Zhenjiang and Foshan, and had a total of 179 projects in sales mode across 104 cities in total, of which, 83 projects were in second-tier cities and 94 projects were in third-tier cities.
As at 31 December 2012, the Group had around 50 projects pending launches, and the majority of which are scheduled to be launched in 2013, and will provide adequate supply to help us achieve excellent sales result.

Source: National Bureau of Statistics of China 
During the year, GFA under construction of new projects was 16.05 million m 2 , GFA completed was 13.739 million m 2 and GFA under construction at the end of the year was 38.98 million m 2 . Both GFA completed and delivered have increased under market downturn, and the construction scale and sales pace matched and were reasonable.
The Group devoted its efforts consistently to implement the rapid development model on premium products, while adjusting the construction size of new projects according to the construction progress and the number of properties available for sale. GFA under construction of new projects decreased by 7.84 million m 2 to 16.05 million m 2 in 2012 from 23.89 million m 2 in 2011, representing a decline of approximately 32.8%; GFA under construction at the end of the year was 38.98 million m 2 , representing a slight growth on a year-on- year basis, which guarantees adequate salable resources to satisfy the needs of sustainable growth in the future.
While conducting centralised management of its development scale, the Group further refined its standardised development model, and completed 50 outlines on standardised design and specifications in the year. At the same time, the Group also implemented the upgrading strategy of its products via developing various new layouts and styles suiting the market on the basis of the success achieved in the past. Coupled with different faade styles, the Group s products are set to cater for the market in the era of end-user demand.
As at 31 December 2012, 186 projects were under construction, of which the Group has received pre-sale permits for 179 projects, and the salable GFA under construction was 9.817 million m 2 . The Board considers that upholding the strategy of matching development pace and sales pace allows the Group to maintain its leading development and construction size and saleable area in the industry to satisfy our next phase growth in contracted sales and delivery of properties.
In 2012, the Group s completed GFA spanned across 125 projects, and a total of 134 projects were delivered, recognising a delivery amount of RMB63.51 billion, a year-on-year increase of 5.0%; the GFA of properties delivered was 10.635 million m 2 , a year-on-year increase of 12.3%. The accumulated sales-through rate of completed properties of the Group was over 88%.

The Group s premium and standardised industry chain was increasingly comprehensive, demonstrating its strong competence in cost control.
In 2012, the significant surge in salary and construction materials price imposed considerable pressures on the Group s gross profit margin. During such period, the Group achieved a win-win situation with its strategic partners and effectively coped with the pressure on rising costs of construction materials through entering into a strategic alliance for the entire process of property development and leveraging on its extensive GFA under construction and vertically integrated purchase model.
In 2012, the Group further enhanced its management on centralised procurement and supply, and explored for the first time the online self-recommendation platform for suppliers. 39 strategic partners were newly added and 18 were eliminated, while assessment and management mechanisms on the quality and system of suppliers were also established. A new quality check model with focus on on-site examination was determined, and the overall passing rate on the quality of materials for the year reached 97.02%. The Group purchased material supplies of approximately RMB4.6 billion throughout 2012, and the overall procurement cost decreased by 3.6% from last year. It is expected that with the slight growth of procurement scale in the full year of 2013, the procurement cost for renovation and construction materials will remain at a relatively stable level on a year-on-year basis.
The Board believes that the Group has adopted appropriate measures to cope with the general adverse situation caused by the increase in construction cost. In particular, the year-on-year decline in renovation materials price since 2008 implies that the establishment of the Group s strategic alliance has become increasingly mature, which helps to minimise the impact on gross profit margin resulting from cost surges, and thus contributing value to all 
The Group continues to uphold a prudent financial policy of cash is king to lower net debt level by various methods, maintain sufficient cash flows with prudent strategies to ensure financial security.
In the first half of the year, due to the impact of a down market cycle in the real estate market, the Group s recovery of sales proceeds was relatively slow. Since the second quarter, the Group implemented an inventory clearance strategy, strengthened the recovery of pre-sales proceeds and prudently controlled its capital expenditures on land and construction. Despite settling land premium of RMB28.4 billion and construction fees of RMB38.5 billion during the year, net debt ratio as at 31 December 2012 (net borrowing 6 to total equity) significantly decreased by 11.9% as compared with the interim period in 2012. Meanwhile, the Group s stringent control on expenditures also achieved great success: in spite of significant expansions in operations, the operating expenses of our 49 regional companies recorded a year-on-year decline of 21.6%, the Group s office expenses recorded a year-on-year decline of 24.9% and traveling expenses recorded a year-on-year decline of 42.3%.
As at 31 December 2012, the Group s total cash (including cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash) still remained at a satisfactory level of RMB25.19 billion. New bank loans for the year amounted to RMB26.25 billion, undrawn banking facilities as at 31 December 2012 reached RMB36.37 billion and available funds totalled RMB61.56 billion.
In January 2013, in order to further lower its net debt ratio and financial costs, the Company conducted a placement of 1 billion new shares, which were allotted by the Group at the price of HK$4.35 per share, representing approximately 6.7% of the issued share capital and approximately 6.2% of the issued share capital enlarged by the subscription. The Group plans to use the net proceeds of approximately HK$4.35 billion to repay its debts and to serve as its general working capital. The Board believes that this financial arrangement not only raises capital, but also significantly lowers the Group s net debt ratio to 69.8%. To further lower its debt ratio, the Group has decided not to declare any dividend for the year of 2012 at this 
Net borrowing equals to total borrowings after deducting cash and cash equivalents and restricted 
Corporate Social Responsibilities and Awards Incorporating social responsibilities into strategies and continuing its support for charitable activities in terms of livelihood, sports and 
In the past 16 years since its establishment, the Group has not only provided over 300,000 households with high value-for-money residential developments, but also made total charitable donations of approximately RMB2.1 billion. In 2012, the Group agreed to donate RMB350 million to support poverty alleviation in Guangdong Poverty Alleviation Day , the payments of which will be made in ten years. The Group worked in creative ways with charitable organisations to establish specific poverty alleviation funds. Moreover, to advocate urban development while balancing urban ecology, the Group also donated RMB6 million to construct the South Mountain Botanical Garden in Chenzhou.
Always aspiring to the philosophy of green real estate development, the Group is committed to delivering fully-refurbished properties to reduce environmental pollution from refurbishment works, while leveraging on its standardised operations and cooperating with strategic upstream and downstream partners along the industry chain to be the first to apply advanced technologies such as Low-E energy-saving glass and LED lighting devices from design to construction, striving to produce low- carbon, quality green properties.
In 2012, the Group ranked among the Top 10 Property Developers in China compiled by China Real Estate Top 10 Research Group for the ninth consecutive year. Furthermore, it topped the list of China s real estate enterprises, ranking among the Top 10 Property Brand Value in China for the seventh consecutive year, and was awarded the Blue-chip Real Estate Enterprise and Best Enterprise for Corporate Social Responsibilities by China s mainstream media for the fourth consecutive year. These awards demonstrated a high degree of recognition by the society of the Group s achievements in social responsibility, internal management and brand building.

The Board believes, despite the ongoing implementation of the government s austerity measures in the real estate sector in 2013, following the 18th National Congress of China, that economic restructuring, a new round of urbanisation and an income doubling plan have been the common consensus of the general public in China, which will become a new spotlight of the real estate market. Along with the implementation of adjustment policies, gradual reduction of inventory in the sector, as well as the implementation of China s market-oriented interest rate reform, it is obvious that the industry will develop in a way that the large ones get larger and this will, to a large extent, determine the long-term prospect of the real estate industry in China.
Taking into account the above general outlook and the Group s sixth Three-year Plan for in-depth management and stable growth , the Board will focus on big development, big strategy, great wisdom, great victory in 2013 through extensive implementation of the product upgrading strategy. On top of expanding its market share and sales volume, the Group will also constantly optimise various financial indicators, strengthen the sustainability of its profit and achieve high quality 
To thoroughly adhere to the Company s operation principles of solid operation and steady growth, the Group has the following plans for the next five years: " Average annual contracted sales growth of 20% 30%; " Average annual profit growth of 20% 30%; " Average annual land reserve growth within 10%; " Achieve and control net debt ratio under 60% in average; " Fully focus on the residential development, and cessation of involvement in any other new non-core business.

The Group will begin to acquire lands through equity partnerships to improve capital utilisation, while competing for quality projects in a more favorable way on the back of its established scale and branding 
The Group will still uphold the same principle of replenishing consumed land reserves , and attach more importance to balanced project development in second- and third-tier cities in the future, emphasising on replenishing consumed land reserves in second-tier cities, particularly on the acquisition of quality projects in the hubs of cities. With respect to land acquisition, the Group will adopt a more prudent approach and implement stricter requirements on the type of cities, land plot locations, planning conditions and payment terms with an aim to increase the profit margin of its projects and the overall profitability of the Group.

In the face of robust market demand, the Group will put more effort in strengthening cost control, implementing product upgrade strategies and standardising construction of quality properties.
With years of practical experience, the Group conducted research and development for systems in respect of renovation materials, construction processes, design and cost control. New renovation standards will be applied to all projects in 2013 by using new materials and processes in all aspects for the purposes of shortened construction period, quality enhancement and cost-savings. In terms of architectural design and aestheticism, the Group has entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with Shenzhen General Institute of Architectural Design and Research Co., Ltd. (m3W{-xvz=b gPlQS), the largest design institute in the PRC, to further ensure its leading edge on providing high value-for-money products.
To align with its annual operation plan, the Group anticipates that there will be an increase in the scale of new projects and GFA under construction in 2013; it will enhance information technology thoroughly for project management by vigorously promoting project management, contract management and the integration and optimisation of procurement and supply chain management systems under the Enterprise Resources Planning (ERP), the Group s core business system.
Meanwhile, it will install video surveillance systems at all construction sites to strengthen centralised management and control as well as improve efficiency and the ability of analysis and decision-making.

The Group will maintain strong sales efforts from the beginning of the year, set more proactive internal sales targets monthly, and review and adjust specific sales policy according to market conditions at any time to ensure strong growth in annual contracted sales.
The contracted sales target for 2013 is RMB100.0 billion. Owing to the fact that the existing inventory of the industry remains high and potential supply actually still exceeds salable area, the Group will implement a more prudent and reasonable sales strategy in the pursuit of a sales pace, matching its development scale with sales schedules while striking a balance between the scale and profit of sales. As for product marketing, the Group will continue to concentrate on small- and medium- sized residential properties in second- and third-tier cities, with larger-sized units as supplements to satisfy demand for higher quality and resort-style units.
In 2013, the Group s total salable area will maintain a growth rate of over 30% compared to 2012. We currently plan for launching around 50 new projects in 2013, mainly covering second- and third-tier cities. The number of projects available for sale is expected to reach around 230 at the end of the year with the objective to balance the proportion of the number of projects available for sale in second- and third-tier cities, whereas the number of properties available for sale will remain sufficient to satisfy the strong demand. In light of the Group s extensive experience in the real estate sector over years, the edge of its high value-for-money products and strong execution ability of all staff, the Board is confident of achieving the sales target in 2013.

Facing more complex market situations and increasingly fierce competition, the Group will focus on long-term sustainable developments, further strengthening its collective, clustered management model to achieve the established targets of higher quality, lower cost and balanced development of sustained stability and high quality.
The Group will, on the basis of tightened management, strictly enforce resource exploration and cost control, examining all development processes with a focus on control over its cost of development and construction, the management of project budgets and final accounts, continuous expansion of strategic cooperative alliances, and adherence to centralised procurement and centralised tendering and bidding to mitigate upward pressure in the cost of materials and equipment. The Group will deploy resources to examine and improve control over project costs from its source on the basis of the implementation of standardised design specifications.
The Group will further adopt means of information technology to improve management s decision-making and operational efficiency, optimise and integrate the existing 12 major business operating systems covering financial systems, materials supply chains, project management, gardens and hotels, and upgrade EMS, KM and contract management, human resources and business management systems. The Group hopes that by organising and implementing these measures, the effect of known, controllable and predictable management and control will be achieved, allowing us to attain new heights in detailed management.

The Group will continue its conservative financial policy, step up its efforts on sales and collection of proceeds, develop equity partnerships with stringent costs and fees control to reduce the gearing ratio and optimise various financial indicators.
In 2013, while seizing the opportunity to expand sales, the Group will continue to strengthen the collection of sales proceeds to ensure adequate cash flow. In addition to lowering its net debt ratio by placing shares, the Group will continue to consolidate existing domestic financing channels and endeavor to develop overseas financing channels through equity partnerships, syndicated loans and bilateral loans.
The structures of borrowings, currencies, maturities and credit are optimised through various channels, thus reducing the cost of capital and further improving the operational efficiency of funds.
The Group will also control key expenses, including land and construction costs reasonably, further tighten the management of cost and fee assessment of each business unit, and continue to implement the assessment mechanism of costs and fees which are linked to operating results and salaries and incentives of its business 
Review of Consolidated Financial Information The audit committee of the Company consists of all independent non-executive directors, Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David, Mr. He Qi and Ms. Xie Hongxi. The audit committee assists the Board in providing an independent review of the completeness, accuracy and fairness of the financial statements of the Group, as well as the efficiency and effectiveness of the Group s operations and internal controls. The audit committee has reviewed the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2012.
Publication of Information on the Stock Exchange s 
This annual report will be published on the Stock Exchange s website and the Company s website (www.evergrande.com), and will also be despatched to the shareholders of the Company.

The steady development of the businesses of the Company has always been due to the trust and support of all the shareholders, investors and business partners as well as the loyalty of all members of its staff, and on behalf of the Board, I express my 
Hui Ka Yan 
Hong Kong, 26 March 2013 