Chairman s Statement 
Dear shareholders and investors, On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the Chairman s Statement of Lonking Holdings Limited ( China Lonking or Lonking ) for the year ended 31 December 2015.
The international economy featured slowdown of various countries. Against this backdrop, the GDP growth in the PRC declined to 6.9% and reached the record low for these years. The PRC also witnessed a significant decrease in the growth rate of fixed asset investment. Moreover, the downstream demand of the construction machinery industry remained in the doldrums whereas the mining, infrastructure, real estate and other industries saw a low capacity utilisation. Further, a considerable retention of second-hand equipment inventory was made during the golden decade of construction machinery industry. Overall, a substantial decline was resulted in the domestic sales of the construction machinery industry in 2015 as well as a decrease of more than 10% in the sales of the overseas construction machinery industry in general. In the PRC, the construction machinery industry still experiences an in-depth restructuring. The unsolved overcapacity issue, coupled with the intensifying market competition attributable to the declining demand, expanded the sector exposures and caused the construction machinery industry suffering from huge losses in general.
In 2015, the Board of Lonking has accurately foreseen the possible continuous downturn of the industry.
As such, internally we conducted the organizational restructure within the Group and strengthened the management based on the product-oriented strategy and system-building oriented approach. On the other hand, adhering to the risk control principle and the fluid and flexible marketing strategies, we focused to increase our market share as the priority. Overall, although the results of Lonking have fallen sharply, all operating indicators significantly outperformed our industry peers. These were mainly reflected by: 1) the lower decline in sales than our industry peers while we remained to rank the top in the domestic sales of loaders and further recorded a slight increase in market shares. The annual sales of forklifts exceeded 20,000 which narrowed down our difference with the leading companies in the industry. Under the general decline in the industry, our export business still maintained a slight growth; 2) the profitability of Lonking outperformed the industry. While our industry peers in the PRC recorded a year-on-year decrease in net operating profit and some of them suffered from huge losses, Lonking still maintained a growth of over 20% in gross margin and continued its profitability, which further demonstrated Lonking s market competitiveness; 3) the significantly higher cash flow and risk control level over the industry. In 2015, the net operating cash flow of the Company amounted to RMB1.72 billion, which also marked the fifth consecutive year of record high exceeding RMB1 billion. As of the end of the year, the Company had cash and short term financial assets of over RMB4 billion and the gearing ratio of approximately 47% was the lowest in the industry. Currently, Lonking is a recognised company in the industry that has the healthiest operation. Notwithstanding the industry in which we operate experiences a structural transition, we are confident in the future development of Lonking.
Since the market slowdown and industry adjustment of years, we foresee the market demand for construction machinery will pick up from the bottom and become stable. Under the new norm, there will not be any substantial change in the construction machinery market of China. However, with its generally large scale of the relevant industry in China, the outlook is optimistic. In particular, the stable development of the macro economy favors the prospect of Lonking as well as the industry integration.

In 2016, the Board proposed to meet the growth target of sales revenue exceeding 10% under effective risk control measures. In order to maintain business growth, we will strive to: 1. capitalize on the competitive edge of our systems and mechanisms and unleash the potential from the vibrant market and peak seasons of sales to grab and increase the market share as far as possible; 2. seize the opportunity of replacement arising from the national stage III emission standards and well poise ourselves with the market deployment catering to the aforesaid replacement, keep abreast of the latest front-line market development, review, formulate and timely adjust various policies of the Company; 3. place more emphasis on the sustainable competitiveness in the advantage markets and take every effective measure to increase sales in those disadvantageous markets, and give more concern to the establishment and efficacy of our secondary units, branch companies and information centres; 4. Identify the relative weaknesses of our loaders, forklifts, excavators, pavement machinery products and other international business segments, fill the gaps by developing the positive atmosphere with comparison, learning, upgrading and outperforming the industry peers. It will be achieved internally by comparing among other business segments, and externally by comparing with the competitors. Next, we will endeavor to consolidate our strengths and gradually diminish the gaps and weaknesses in order to outperform the competitors in the market.
As the Chairman, I firmly believe that Lonking will be the outstanding company which most outperforms in this adjustment across the industry and achieve the most stable and positive results in the future.
Also, Lonking will manage to stand out and make its breakthrough once again along with the industry development in the future.
Since its listing, China Lonking has strived to maintain transparency and improve standards of corporate governance. We have maintained good communication with our investors. We are willing and hope to keep a closer tie with more investors, and strengthen interaction with them to promote sound development of 
We are honored to have a professional Board, an experienced and diligent management team, and industrious and intelligent employees. I wish to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all directors and employees for their assiduous efforts. We will make utmost efforts to attain sustainable growth and enhance our profitability and exert all our efforts to create the greatest value for our customers and bring the best returns to our shareholders.
Lonking Holdings Limited Li San Yim Chairman of the Board 28 March 2016 
