REPORT OF CHAIRMAN
Dear Shareholders,
I am pleased to present the reports of
China Evergrande Group (“Evergrande”
or the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
“Group”) for the year ended 31 December
2016. The Group’s turnover and gross profit
for the year amounted to RMB211.44 billion
and RMB59.42 billion respectively, both
representing year-on-year growth of 58.8%.
Core business profit was RMB20.81 billion.
The net profit was RMB17.62 billion.
Business Review
In 2016, as the second largest economy in the world, China
attached great importance to stability while pushing forward
the Reform of the Supply Side. In 2016, the opening year of
the “13th Five-Year Plan”, China’s GDP amounted to
RMB74,413 billion throughout the year with a steady growth
of around 6.7%1
. Against the backdrop of the overall stability
of economic development in China, the quality of growth
significantly improved and the economic structure continued
to optimize while the five missions namely “De-capacity, destocking,
de-leveraging, cost reduction and weak link
improvement” made steady progress and innovation was
urged for during the change in new and old momentum.
Under the new economic normal, further reform and
innovation and optimization and upgrading of industry
structure will further stimulate market vitality and economic
growth.
Throughout the year, the real estate market in China
continued to boom, and the transactions presented a trend
of increasing sales price and volume. The accumulated sales
of commodity housing reached 1.57 billion square meters,
representing a year-on-year increase of 22.5%, where
residential properties accounted for 22.4%. The sales of
commodity housing amounted to RMB11.8 trillion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 34.8%, where
residential properties grew by 36.1%2
. At the same time, the
adjustment policies on real estate during the year had
significant effect. In the first half of 2016, due to the
downward pressure on the economy and high inventory
level, the macro-economic policy was relatively eased by
reduction in bank reserve ratio, interest rates, tax and down
payment. With the intensive introduction of favorable
measures, the market demand was quickly unleashed.
Further, affected by the de-stocking policies, the housing
prices in certain popular cities became too high such that
the local governments gradually implemented policies to
control prices, so as to avoid the trend of rapid rising of
housing prices. Meanwhile, the real estate policies diverged:
the housing prices were adjusted and tightened for the
popular cities with enhanced regulation while the destocking
strategy continued for the third- and fourth-tier
cities by working on both the demand and supply side to
remodel the market environment.
1 Source: “Preliminary Calculation Results of the Fourth Quarter and
Full-year GDP of China for 2016” issued by the National Bureau of
Statistics of China
2 Source: “National Real Estate Development and Sales for 2016”
issued by the National Bureau of Statistics of China
Facing the complicated market environment and the intense
industry competition, the Board made well-grounded
judgments based on its keen insights, forward-thinking and
strategic layout and was decisive in capturing market
opportunities at the timing of the introduction of favorable
policies. In 2016, accumulated contracted sales reached
RMB373.37 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
85.4% as well as representing 124.5% of the up-lifted sales
target of RMB300 billion, such that the Group ranked top in
terms of sales for the year. GFA of contracted sales was
44.69 million square meters, representing a year-on-year
growth of 75.2%; and the average contract selling price also
had a year-on-year increase of 5.9%. As at 31 December
2016, the GFA on the land reserves was 229 million square
meters, and the accumulated average cost was RMB1,570
per meter. The area under construction was 80.37 million
square meters while 489 projects were under construction.
In 2016, the Group launched 116 new projects and the
number of projects for sale accumulated to 473 with sales
proceeds of RMB300.9 billion. As at 31 December 2016,
cash balance held by the Group (including cash and cash
equivalents and restricted cash) was RMB304.3 billion.
Besides, the Group strived to have a diversified industry
layout, forming the four major segments, namely real estate,
finance, tourism and healthcare. The Group has completed
the transformation from “real estate” to “real estate +
services”. The real estate segment started to change from
“scale development” to “scale + efficiency development”.
Land Reserves
The Group stepped up efforts in expanding its
land reserves and facilitated the commencement
of projects in first- and second-tier cities and
well-developed prefecture-level cities.
The Group acquired land reserves of 102.38 million square
meters for its new projects. The Group acquired 213 new
projects and is also acquiring more land in the surrounding
area of 22 of its existing projects. Among the newly acquired
projects, 11 were located in first-tier cities, and 116 in
second-tier cities. The number of new projects in the firstand
second-tier cities accounted for 59.6% of the number of
all the new projects. The main purpose of these acquisitions
was to further optimize the regional layout of the projects
among first- to third-tier cities, with an objective of improving
our overall profitability. Newly acquired projects covered 109
cities, with a majority of them located in Guangzhou, Beijing,
Shanghai, Chongqing, Chengdu, Foshan, Zhuhai, Huizhou,
Qingdao, Fuzhou, Suzhou and Shaoxing. The cost of newly
acquired land reserves was reduced to RMB1,996 per
square meter as 65.7% of the new projects were acquired
by transfer or cooperation.
Completed construction occupied 29.630 million square
meters of the Group’s land reserves, and the total land
reserves balance at the end of 2016 was 229 million square
meters, representing an increase of 73.28 million square
meters or approximately 46.9% year on year. The land
reserves of the Group of carrying amount of RMB360.07
billion were located in 209 cities in China and covered all of
the first-tier cities, most provincial capitals and a majority of
prefecture-level cities with potential in China. We had 582
projects in total, with 56.7% of them located in the first- and
second-tier cities. The average cost of land reserves was
approximately RMB1,570 per square meter, which was
relatively low in the industry.
Contracted Sales
With the increasing contracted sales price,
volume and record-breaking sales amount, the
Group ranked top in terms of sales.
In 2016, the Group’s contracted sales increased by 85.4%
year on year to RMB373.37 billion, representing 124.5% of
the target of RMB300 billion. GFA of contracted sales was
44.69 million square meters, representing year-on-year
growth of 75.2%; and the average contract selling price was
RMB8,355 per square meter, representing a year-on-year
increase of 5.9%.
The leading sales performance was mainly attributable to the
Group’s far-sighted optimization of the regional layout of its
projects, upgrading of decoration and facilities among other
product value additions, as well as its flexible and practical
sales strategy and selling price. The average price of
contracted sales of the Group continued to rise. The average
single-month trading prices for nine months during the year
all exceeded RMB8,500 per square meter, with May,
September and November recording more than RMB9,000
per square meter, with the highest of RMB9,707 per square
meter. The Board believed that the increasing selling price
and sales amount were favorable for maintaining the net
profit margins of the major business of the Group.
During the year, the Group launched 116 new projects
located in 75 cities for sale, including Beijing, Shanghai,
Guangzhou, Foshan, Dongguan, Nanjing, Changsha, Tianjin,
Wuhan, Fuzhou, Dalian, Yueyang, Sanya, Zhuhai and
Huihzou, of which 64% are located in the first- and secondtier
cities. With new presence in 25 of the above cities, we
had an aggregate of 473 projects for sale as at the end of
the year, which are located in 191 cities including 4 first-tier,
38 second-tier and 128 prefecture-level cities and 21 county
level cities.
For the whole year, the contracted sales amounted to
RMB373.37 billion, with RMB49.88 billion in the first-tier
cities, accounting for 13.4% of the total contracted sales,
and RMB201.66 billion in the second-tier cities, accounting
for 54.0% of the total contracted sales. The aggregate sales
in the first- and second-tier cities as a percentage of that of
the Group was 67.4%, another increase of 8 percentage
points as compared to 2015. This indicated a success under
the strategy of optimizing regional project layout over the
years, as witnessed by the balanced sales among first-tier to
county level cities3
.
Property Development
The Group stepped up efforts in construction,
arranged reasonable construction planning,
maintained a large amount of projects under
construction, and focused on the coordination
among construction planning, sales planning
and construction completion planning.
During the year, the new construction commencement GFA,
completed GFA and GFA under construction were 51.375
million square meters, 29.630 million square meters and
80.365 million square meters, representing an increase of
20.7%, 17.2% and 37.1%, respectively, as compared to the
previous year.
During the year, the Group launched 116 new projects,
representing a year-on-year rise of 43%. The Group
delivered a total of 389 projects for the whole year with a
transaction amount of RMB203.89 billion. The GFA of
properties delivered was 25.565 million square meters. The
precise and rigorous development plan provided adequate
resources for sales, accelerated the turnover of capital and
secured the delivery amount and revenue recognition.
As at 31 December 2016, the Group obtained construction
certificates for 489 of its 582 projects. 109 of the projects
had not commenced sales, where most of them were able
to commence sales in 2017. The Board considered that its
industry-leading scale of development and construction and
the saleable area would provide a solid foundation for the
Group to record revenue after delivery and ensure strong
contracted sales in the future.
3
 First-tier cities: Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen;
Second-tier cities: Provincial capitals except for Guangzhou, cities
specifically designated in the state plan except for Shenzhen,
Chongqing, Tianjin, Sanya and prefecture-level cities with over
RMB500 billion GDP and a population of more than 7 million;
Prefecture-level cities: Prefecture-level cities other than the first- and
second-tier cities mentioned above.
County/county-level cities: County-level cities with administrative level
at county or equivalent
Financial Resources
Capital costs greatly reduced with diversified
financing channels, and the Group continued to
maintain sufficient cash balance.
The Group continuously strengthened its financial resources
through a combination of measures to ward off potential
risks in order to repay the principal and interests of its
domestic and foreign debts as they fell due with sufficient
resources. In mid-January, the Group completed the
issuance of private placement bonds amounting to RMB10
billion with a term of four years and an interest rate 6.98%.
In early August, the Group completed the issuance of private
placement bonds amounting to RMB4.2 billion with a term
of two years and an interest rate of 6.8%. With the above
measures, the Group optimized its debt structure by
replacing short-term debts with long-term debts and placing
high interest rate debts with low interest rate debt and
replenished the general working capital.
The Group issued 7.8% private notes amounting to US$400
million due 2019 and 8% senior notes amounting to US$300
million due 2019 in January 2016 respectively. The proceeds
were used in the repayment of the 9.25% senior notes with
a principal amount of RMB3.7 billion due 19 January 2016
(settled in US$) and the replenishment of general working
capital.
In 2016, the Group collected sales proceeds of RMB300.89
billion. The Group entered into strategic cooperation
agreements with China CITIC Bank, Pufa Bank, China Bohai
Bank, Shengjing Bank, Minsheng Bank, Bank of China,
Postal Savings Bank of China, Industrial Bank (China), CITIC
Trust and Agricultural Bank of China, and secured
RMB673.3 billion of facilities in total. Moreover, the Group
reduced its land premium payment through project
cooperation and by leveraging its positive brand image to
clinch better contract terms, payment methods and payment
conditions.
With the above measures, the total cash of the Group at the
end of the year reached RMB304.33 billion, which was the
highest level since its listing. Capitalizing on the solid
cooperation foundation with large-scale commercial banks
in China, the Group had unutilized banking facilities
amounting to RMB138.30 billion at the end of the year.
Together with the total cash of RMB304.33 billion at the end
of the year, the Group’s available funds amounted to
RMB442.63 billion in total.
Meanwhile, the Group also sold certain commercial
premises in a timely manner and adopted measures to
increase the selling price of residential units while striving to
control its selling expenses and management costs. The
profit margins of the core businesses reached 9.8%,
representing an increase of 1.5 percentage points as
compared to 2015. The Board believed that, with the further
optimization of the location and product quality of the
projects, as well as the further selling of commercial
premises, there would be much room for raising the selling
prices of products, which, in turn, would have a positive
effect on the profit margins of the core businesses of the
Group.
Standardization of Premium Products
The standardization policy was further
promoted, which enabled the Group to mitigate
the impact of escalating costs on gross profit
margin and generates value for its shareholders.
Responding to market changes in the year, the Group
further enhanced its product mix and comprehensively
upgraded its standards for layouts, facades and decoration.
The optimized product types are further standardized, and
thus the designs are more tailored to the end-user market
as well as housing improvement needs and the product
types are further diversified. The approaches adopted in
architectural design, material supply and construction
methods function in an “assembly-line” style, and helped to
shorten the design cycle, guarantee the design quality and
improve development efficiency.
In addition, the Group actively pursued leading technologies
globally by deepening strategic cooperation with Harvard
University and Tsinghua University, partnering with Tsinghua
University and British Building Research Establishment on
green construction and carrying out feasibility study on
smart home, residential air haze removal system and the
central soft water purification system to enhance product
value-addition.
Four Major Segments
The Group completed its layout on the four
major segments, namely real estate, finance,
healthcare and cultural tourism, the
transformation from “real estate” to “real estate
+ services” while the real estate segment
started to change from “scale development” to
“scale + efficiency development”.
In order to further consolidate its principal business real
estate, the Group intended to spin off its real estate business
for listing in the A share market. On 30 December 2016, the
Group reached agreements with a number of investors,
pursuant to which Hengda Real Estate introduced strategic
investors with a total investment amount of RMB30 billion
based on its valuation of RMB198 billion. The investment
amount accounted for 13.16% of Hengda Real Estate’s
enlarged share capital. The Company did not rule out the
introduction of additional investors in the near future. On 24
January 2017, the Group obtained an in-principle approval
for the proposed spin-off from the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange.
恒大金融 (Evergrande Finance) is a financial holding group
which integrates diversified business including banking,
insurance and internet finance and holds 17.28% equity
interest in Shengjing Bank as the largest shareholder. The
bank’s total assets amounted to RMB905.5 billion with
deposit balance of RMB415.2 billion, both maintaining high
growth rates as compared to last year. For Evergrande Life,
its annual standardized premiums amounted to RMB56.5
billion. It gradually promoted its internet finance business.
There were over 15 million registered users in hdfax.com,
with annual trading volume of RMB33.9 billion.
Evergrande Tourism Group is a large cultural tourism
composite focusing on its major product — fairytale land
and striving to provide services for children. For the tourism
group, the contracted sales amounted to RMB17.47 billion
for the year. The area under construction was 10.6 million
square meters. The area under construction of the Haihua
Island Project was 7.18 million square meters, comprising
28 commercial attractions including fairytale land, marine
world, snow mountain and water park, conference and
exhibition center, museums and Chinese film and television
production base. Recently, 16 of the commercial attractions
completed the construction of their main structures. The
area under construction of Hengda Haishang Venice in
Qidong was 3.42 million square meters, comprising
commercial attractions including coastal housing, vacation, 
international conferences, Olympic sports and elite
education. The Evergrande Fairytale Land under planning
will be a world-class fairytale indoor theme park for young
children while targeting at promoting Chinese culture and
reflecting world’s culture. The theme park will open for all
seasons.
Evergrande Health Group is a large and comprehensive
health industry group which commences elderly care
operation, new high-end international hospitals, medical
cosmetics and anti-aging. Evergrande • Elderly Care Valley
focused on health services including full life-cycle and allrounded
health service. In respect of international hospital,
Evergrande Health Group cooperated with Brigham and
Women’s Hospital, a major teaching hospital of Harvard
Medical School, to establish “Boao Evergrande International
Hospital — Affiliate of Brigham and Women’s Hospital”. It
explored the model for “flagship stores + medical
cosmetology micro-agencies” for the medical cosmetology
and anti-aging business and has opened three medical
cosmetology micro-agencies in Guangzhou, Beijing and
Tianjin.
Corporate Social Responsibility
Under the new normal of economy, the Group upholds the
philosophy of “Put people first, serve the country through
industry development” and does its utmost to shoulder its
social responsibility and create social value in an effort to
achieve harmonious development between the Company
and the society.
In 2016, the Group provided more than 1.7 million job
opportunities. The Group made over 100 donations to
charity and public welfare work relating to livelihood, poverty,
education, environmental protection, sports and others for a
total amount of more than RMB4.2 billion over 20 years. The
Group was awarded the China Charity Award, the highest
government award in the field of charity, for the seventh
consecutive year, and also the first anti-poverty effort
contribution award in China. In future, we will continue to
devote ourselves to charity and public welfare work and
cooperate with our shareholders, employees, the upstream
and downstream industry chain and customers to make our
due contribution to harmonious development of the society.
Caring Livelihood
The philosophy of properties for the people is the foothold of
Evergrande. To benefit the people, the Group, as the sole
developer in the industry delivering well-decorated
properties, enhanced the overall quality of products to
provide affordable boutique housing to common people.
In 2016, the Group fulfilled its responsibility as a corporate
citizen in supporting the charity and public welfare matters in
China. In April, the Group donated approximately RMB129
million to Harvard University. In August, the Group donated
RMB200 million to Guangdong Foundation for Poverty
Alleviation. In November, the Group donated RMB200
million to Tsinghua University Education Foundation and
donated RMB30 million to University of Jinan Development
Education Foundation.
From December 2015, the Group implemented its poverty
alleviation plan for Dafang, Bijie, Guizhou. The plan was to
help all of the 180,000 poverty population in Dafang to
shake off poverty by the end of 2018 through a free input of
RMB3.0 billion in three years and a series of comprehensive
measures. As at the end of 2016, the Group helped 80,500
people in Dafang to step above the poverty line, reaching
45% of the poverty alleviation target.
Green Homes
The Group continued to promote the upgrading of products
and further optimized its major layouts so as to enhance the
regional suitability, quality and environmental performance of
its residential products. Adhering to the objective of “green
ecology, energy saving and environmental protection”, the
Group persisted in delivering well-decorated properties to
mitigate environmental pollution of re-decoration. Advanced
technology is applied from project design to construction,
improving product quality and environmental standards in
the industry.
The Group further deepened the strategic cooperation with
the top-tier partners in the world. The Group introduced
eight strategic investors such as CITIC, Zhongrong, CEFC,
Shandong Highway and Shenzhen Guangtian to optimize its
capital structure. The Group established further strategic
cooperation with China Merchants Group and various
financial institutions to achieve mutual development. The
Group entered into strategic cooperation with four renowned
household appliance companies, namely Haier Group, Gree
Group, Midea Group and TCL Group, facilitating the
upgrading of Evergrande’s strategy on properties for the
people.
In 2016, the Group enhanced its property services standards
to further improve its after-sales services and property
management. The satisfaction of property buyers continued
to increase.
Cooperation with integrity
Integrity is the essence of business. Since its incorporation,
the Group has upheld principle of operation with integrity.
During the cooperation with 861 strategic cooperation
partners in China and foreign countries, the Group has
always attach great importance to open transactions and
tax payment according to laws, which jointly promoted the
construction of integrity alliance and achieved mutual
development.
In 2016, the Group strengthened strategic cooperation,
pushed forward centralized procurement and shared the
results with its strategic cooperation partners. The Group
established an inspection mechanism and a service hotline
in response to supplier satisfaction and the quality of
services providing to suppliers improved steadily.
The Group extended the scope of supplier regional
management system, consolidated the supplier resources
and opened up the procurement and supply chains for
suppliers and regional companies, greatly enhanced the
efficiency and transparency of the Group’s procurement.
By optimizing the quality assessment on tender entry, the
Group strengthened quality control from the sources of
procurement. The Group established a 360-degree quality
assurance system to monitor the entire process and set a
control red line of “product quality veto by one vote”. The
Group also established a comprehensive assessment
incentive and elimination mechanism for suppliers such that
the supply chain management was further strengthened,
facilitating the consistent enhancement in product quality.
Supporting Sports and Cultural Events
By virtue of professional operation mode and modern
wisdom in enterprise management, the Group put every
effort to promote the development of China’s sports
industry. In 2016, Evergrande Football Club was again
laurelled, winning the champion of the China Football
Association Super League, Chinese FA Cup and Chinese FA
Super Cup. The club won a total of 14 champions in seven
years. Evergrande Football School obtained a total of 19
champions in various competitions.
The Group pushed forward the development of cultural
industries in China, including the opening of 36 cinemas for
the year. A total of 75 cinemas were opened with 523
screens.
Awards
During the year, the Group landed on the Fortune Global
500 in 2016 and became the only private enterprise which
enters the Fortune Global 500 with only 20 years’ efforts in
the real estate industry. At the same time, the Group won 16
national awards, ranking first among China’s real estate
companies in overall strength for the first time with a brand
value of RMB39.262 billion which ranked first in the industry
for seven times.
In the assessment of the Top 100 China Real Estate
Companies jointly organized by Enterprise Research Institute
of Development Research Center of the State Council,
Institute of Real Estate Studies of Tsinghua University and
China Index Academy, the Group won the first prize for the
first time, and won several awards including the Top 100
China Real Estate Companies, the Top 10 of the Top 100
China Real Estate Companies in overall strength, the Top 10
of the Top 100 China Real Estate Companies in business
scale, the Top 10 of the Top 100 China Enterprises in
financing capability and the Top 10 of the Top 100 China
Enterprises in operating efficiency. In the report of the Top
500 China Real Estate Developers jointly organized by China
Real Estate Association and China Real Estate Appraisal
Center of Shanghai E-house China R&D Institute,
Evergrande ranked first among its industry peers in overall
strength for the first time, and ranked first in several awards
including the Top 10 China Real Estate Developers in overall
development, the Top 10 Chin Real Estate Developers for
Tourism Real Estate, the Top 10 China Real Estate
Developers in corporate responsibility, the Top 10 China
Real Estate Developers in city coverage and the Top 10
China Real Estate Developers in innovation capability. The
Group was awarded the 2016 Excellence Company Award
in the selection of Golden Brick Award for Real Estate of
China convened and sponsored by 21st Century Business
Herald newspaper chain, the most influential financial press
in China.
In the anti-poverty effort award ceremony organized by the
State Council Leading Group of Poverty Alleviation and
Development, the Group was awarded the anti-poverty
effort contribution award in China. The Group awarded the
2016 China Social Responsibility Precision Poverty
Alleviation Award of Xinhua.com and Chinese Academy of
Social Sciences. The Group was also awarded the China
Charity Award, the highest government award in the field of
charity, for the seventh consecutive year.
The acquisition of all such awards showcases a unanimous
social recognition of the Group’ governance structure,
development model, operating results and social
contributions.
Business Outlook
The Central Economic Work Conference held in December
2016 emphasized the establishment of a long-term
mechanism for the real estate market which facilitates the
stable and healthy development of the market, showing the
central government will continue to maintain its active
financial policy and stable monetary policy so as to maintain
stable and sustainable growth.
Looking forward to 2017, the Board is of the opinion that
the major focus of the overall economy will continue to be
stable and make progress while maintaining stability while
revitalizing the real economy. The Reform of the Supply Side
will be further implemented. “De-stocking” will be a crucial
task and the consistent healthy growth of the real estate
industry will continue to facilitate the robust economic
development in China. Moreover, the macro-control policies
on the real estate industry will become divergent, and
specific policy formulated base on the actual condition of
cities will be implemented. With the increasing competition
in the real estate industry, it is believed that large real estate
enterprises with a large amount of resources will further
enjoy advantages in land resources quality, corporate
mergers and acquisitions, strategic transformation, talent
pool and other aspects, enabling them to capture the
market opportunities. The stronger ones will stay and
maintain the leading position, leading the development of
industry upgrading.
Based on the comprehensive judgment on the “new normal”
of China’s economy and the real estate industry, the Board
will exploit potentialities of and adapt to market changes and
focus on its own development based on the domestic and
foreign economic conditions. It will execute the layout of
downward consolidation and upward development so as to
take off again in further building a leading system for sales
and collection of sales proceeds in China. It will enlarge its
land bank and maintain strict cost control while optimizing
debt structure and improving profit management. Leveraging
the thoughtful layout, it will also improve the quality of its
products and services while maintaining stability and to
facilitate diversified, quality and coordinated development by
further deployment of the four major segments, namely real
estate, finance, tourism and healthcare.
Land Reserves
In 2017, the Group will acquire high quality projects in an
enterprising, prudent and pragmatic fashion, and secure a
leading position in terms of land reserves in the industry. The
Group also puts greater emphasis on profitability
improvement and quality and coordinated development for
project expansion, and still mainly focuses its regional layout
on first- and second-tier cities, as well as well-developed
prefecture-level cities, aiming to raise the gross profit
margins of products. Meanwhile, the Group will further
strengthen the cost-effective and efficient ways to acquire
projects, such as mergers and acquisitions and cooperation
in property development.
Contracted Sales
The Group foresees a relatively stable policy environment
with increasingly divergent regional markets in 2017. As
such, the Group will follow the market trends, ensure
adequate inventories, and focus on key project sales in key
regions. In particular, the Group will continue to break down
its annual sales target to the project level and initiate enough
marketing activities from the beginning of the year so as to
ensure the achievement of its annual sales target.
The Group maintained its area under construction at 80.37
million square meters, offering sufficient saleable area. The
Group has 165 new residential projects available for sale,
most of which are located in major cities, including Chengdu,
Xi’an, Chongqing, Zhuhai, Harbin, Zhengzhou, Foshan,
Dalian, Sanya and Suzhou. Based on the overall marketing 
strategy and the progress of construction, the Group plans
to market these projects by selectively prioritizing certain
projects with appropriate timing. In addition, the Group has
reserved several projects used for residential and
commercial purposes and a large amount of stores and
parking spaces in the residential projects, which are
expected to supplement the contracted sales of the year.
As the Group continuously promotes the strategy of
optimizing the regional layout of projects and substantially
increases the added value of its products by upgrading
supporting facilities, decoration standards and housing
structures, the average transaction price for the year is
expected to increase further. During January to February
2017, the average price contracted sales of the Group was
RMB8,805 per square meter and RMB9,510 per square
meter, respectively. As to the specific pricing strategy, the
Group will strike a balance between sales price and sales
volume and between scale and gross profit to achieve
positive growth for both. Sales targets are designated on a
quarterly basis, and the sales results will be reviewed on a
monthly basis. The monthly sales results are reported to
shareholders and investors by voluntary announcements.
Given the adequate inventories, strong execution capability
and product advantages of the Group, the Board is very
confident that the Group can achieve its full-year contract
sales target.
Financial Capital
The Group will continue to maintain its steady financial
policies, keep up sufficient cash balances and maintain its
net profit margin for its main operations. To accomplish this,
the Group will further set reasonable sales price, enhance
the collection of sales proceeds, continue to expand project
cooperation and sell some of the commercial premises in an
appropriate extent and further increase the turnover of
inventories.
With respect to capital arrangement, the Group made
reasonable arrangements on the repayment plans for the
existing corporate bonds and perpetual bonds and
implemented stricter payment management plan while
leveraging diversified financing channels and managing the
dynamic balance between capital inflow and outflow.
With respect to the control of costs and expenses, the
Group will continue to implement reforms of product
upgrades and standardization to ensure product quality and
reduce costs. The Group will also utilize new media, namely
Heng Fang Tong (恒房通), and various types of media to
lower its selling expenses. Besides, the Group established a
industry-leading ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system,
which covers seven core business modules including
investment management, design management, project
planning and project management, tendering management,
contract management, procurement and supply chain
management, with number of users reaching 16,000, and
will make full use of information technology to further reduce
operating expenses.
Final Dividend
As the Group is undergoing a spin-off reorganisation, in
accordance with Question 10 of the “Revised Frequently
Asked Questions and Answers for Laws and Regulations for
the Regulation of Listed Issuers” (《上市公司監管法律法規
常見問題與解答修訂彙編》) of China Securities Regulatory
Commission, no final dividend for 2016 has been declared
at this time. Upon completion of the spin-off reorganisation,
the Company will declare a special dividend in respect of
50% of the distributable profits of the Company for the
whole year of 2016 and the first half year of 2017 to the
shareholders of the Company.
Annual General Meeting
The annual general meeting of the Company will be held on
Thursday, 15 June 2017. A notice convening the annual
general meeting of the Company will be published and
dispatched to the shareholders of the Company in the
manner required by the Listing Rules in due course.
Closure of Register of Members
For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the
annual general meeting, the register of members of the
Company will be closed from 9 June 2017 to 15 June 2017,
both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of
shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and
vote at the annual general meeting, all transfers of shares,
accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be
lodged with the Company’s share registrar and transfer
office, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited,
at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183
Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30
p.m. on 8 June 2017.
Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
During 2016, the Company repurchased from the market a total of 127,665,000 shares. All the repurchased shares have
been cancelled. The Directors believe that the repurchases of shares would lead to an enhancement of the net value of the
Group and its assets and/or its earnings per share. Details of the repurchases of the shares of the Company are as follows:On 12 January 2016, the Company issued 8% senior notes
due 2019 with a principal amount of US$300 million. The
senior notes are listed and traded on the Singapore Stock
Exchange. The Company also issued on the same date 7.8%
senior notes due 2019 with a principal amount of US$400
million.
Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of
its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities during the year ended 31
December 2016.
Subsequent Event
The Company announced on 3 October 2016 that 廣州市凱
隆置業有限公司 (Guangzhou Kailong Real Estate Company
Limited) (“Kailong Real Estate”) and 恒大地產集團有限公司
(Hengda Real Estate Group Company Limited) (“Hengda
Real Estate”), both being subsidiaries of the Company,
entered into a cooperation agreement with 深圳經濟特區房
地產(集團)股份有限公司 (Shenzhen Special Economic Zone
Real Estate & Properties (Group) Co. Ltd.) (“Shenzhen Real
Estate”) and 深圳市投資控股有限公司 (Shenzhen
Investment Holding Co. Ltd.) (“Shenzhen Investment”)
pursuant to which the parties agreed to work towards the
entering into a reorganisation agreement under which 
Shenzhen Real Estate will by way of issue of Renminbi
ordinary shares (A shares) and/or the payment of cash
consideration, acquire 100% of the equity interest in Hengda
Real Estate from Kailong Real Estate, which will result in
Kailong Real Estate becoming the controlling shareholder of
Shenzhen Real Estate thereby enabling the Company to
effectively list the real estate related assets of the Group on
the Shenzhen Stock Exchange A-share market (the “Proposed
Reorganisation”). The Proposed Reorganisation constitutes
a spin-off under Practice Note 15 of the Listing Rules and
would require the approval of the Stock Exchange. On 24
January 2017, the Company received the in-principle
approval from the Stock Exchange in respect of the
proposed spin-off.
On 17 March 2017, the Company announced the issue of (i)
7% senior notes due 2020 with a principal amount of
US$500 million, and (ii) 8.25% senior notes due 2022 with a
principal amount of US$1,000 million.
On 24 March 2017, the Company announced the issue of
9.5% senior notes due 2024 with a principal amount of
US$1,000 million.
Model Code on Securities Transactions
by Directors
The Group has adopted the Model Code for Securities
Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) set forth in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the
code of conduct for securities transactions conducted by
the directors. Having made due and careful enquiries with
the directors, the Company confirmed that for the year
ended 31 December 2016, all directors always abided by
the Model Code.
Review of Consolidated Financial
Information
The Audit Committee of the Company consists of all of the
independent non-executive directors of the Company,
namely Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David, Mr. He Qi and Ms. Xie
Hongxi. The Audit Committee assists the Board in providing
an independent review of the completeness, accuracy and
fairness of the financial statements of the Group, as well as
the efficiency and effectiveness of the Group’s operations
and internal controls. The Audit Committee has reviewed the
annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December
2016.
Announcement of Full Year Results on the
Stock Exchange’s Website and the
Company’s Website
The announcement of full year results have been published
on the Company’s website (http://www.evergrande.com)
and the website appointed by the Stock Exchange (http://
www.hkexnews.hk).
Acknowledgement
The steady development of the Group is owed to the trust
and support of its shareholders, investors and business
partners as well as the loyalty of our staff members. On
behalf of the Board, I hereby express my heartfelt gratitude
towards them.
By Order of the Board
China Evergrande Group
Hui Ka Yan
Chairman
Hong Kong, 28 March 2017