Hui Ka Yan 
I am pleased to present the report of Evergrande Real Estate Group Limited ( Evergrande or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2014. Turnover and gross profit of the Group for the year amounted to RMB111.4 billion and RMB31.8 billion respectively, representing year-on-year growth of 18.9% and 14.9% respectively. Net profit was RMB18.0 billion, representing year- on-year growth of 31.4%. Return on shareholders equity is 25.3%. Basic earnings per share was RMB0.854 and proposed dividend was RMB0.43 per 
IN ORDER TO RECIPROCATE THE TRUST AND SUPPORT OF SHAREHOLDERS, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS PROPOSED TO DISTRIBUTE A FINAL DIVIDEND OF RMB0.43 PER SHARE FOR 2014, SUBJECT TO APPROVAL AT THE GENERAL MEETING OF THE 
In 2014, the real estate market in the PRC continued to run at a vigorous momentum. The transaction volume of commodity housing nationwide reached RMB7,629.2 billion 1 , the second highest record in the history and only lower than that in 2013. However, as a result of the accelerated decrease of the GDP growth, tightened currency policy and restrictions on purchase and borrowing in the PRC, the transaction volume failed to exceed that in last year, which indicates a sign of adjustments and transformations and a signal of bottlenecks. The area of commodity housing sold nationwide dropped by 7.6%, sales volume dropped by 6.3%, while the average transaction price increased by 1.4% and the area for sale increased by 26.1% 2 as compared with the corresponding period of the 
Facing to the declining transaction trend, local governments loosened the policy of restriction on purchase and borrowing successively since May 2014. As at the end of 2014, among the 46 cities that had published the policy of restriction on purchase and borrowing, only 5 cities, namely Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Sanya, still continued implementing such policy. At the end of September 2014, the central government started to cultivate the rigid demand for purchasing house and subsequently loosened the definition of first time buyers, relaxed conditions for housing provident fund loans and lowered interest rates for deposits and loans. The market began to recover and transaction volume increased by virtue of those measures. However, differentiation trend among cities further deepened. The area sold in major cities has reached a new record in December 2014, increased by 21.2% as compared to that in November 2014 and 9.8% as compared to the corresponding period of 2013. 34 of the major cities recorded an increase in area sold as compared to November 2014, while other cities still recorded a decrease 3 .
Encountering the unusual and significant adjustment and the complicated condition which is rapidly changing, the Board was devoted to capture the opportunities in the market through constantly strengthening the principal business and foundation of real estate and optimizing the regional layout of residential property projects by leveraging the strong execution of the Group. The major operation indicators continued to increase: contracted sales for the whole year set a new record of RMB131.5 billion, representing an increase of 31.0% as compared to the previous year and 119.6% of the annual target; GFA of contracted sales was 18.20 million square meters throughout the year, representing a year-on-year growth of 22.2%; the GFA on the land reserves of the Group was 147 million square meters and the accumulated average cost was RMB997 per square meter. The area under construction was 41.35 million square meters while 274 projects were under construction as at 31 December 2014. As at 31 December 2014, the Group had total cash (including cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash) of RMB59.5 billion.

Source: National Real Estate Development and Sales for 2014 issued by the National Bureau of Statistics of China 
Source: National Real Estate Development and Sales for 2014 issued by the National Bureau of Statistics of China 
Source: China and Major Cities Real Estate Market Report in 2014 issued by China Index Academy 
The Group focused on sustainable profitability, selected quality land reserves for replenishment, and balanced the regional layout of its projects among first-, second- and third-tier cities better.
During the year, the Group acquired a gross floor area of 8.41 million square meters as land reserves for its new projects.
The Group acquired 17 new projects, and is also making further acquisition for the land in the surrounding area of 7 of its existing projects. Among the newly acquired projects, 3 are located in first-tier cities, and 10 in second-tier cities.
The number of the new projects in the first- and second- tiers cities account for 76.5% of the number of all the new projects, representing an increase of 25 percentage points as compared to that of 2013. The main purpose of these acquisitions was to further optimize the regional layout of the projects among first- to third-tier cities, with an objective of improving our overall profitability. Newly acquired projects cover 14 cities, with a majority of them located in Beijing, Shenzhen, Chengdu, Taiyuan, Changsha, Nanchang, Changchun, Lanzhou, Dalian, Dongguan and Chaozhou.
The cost of newly acquired land reserves increased to RMB2,588 per square meter as the new projects are all located in the centre area of the cities.
Completed construction occupied 20.63 million square meters of the Group s land reserves, and the total land reserves balance at the end of 2014 was 147 million square meters, representing a 2.6% year-on-year decrease with decreased area of 3.62 million square meters. The land reserves of the Group are located in 147 cities in China and cover all of the first-tier cities and most provincial capital cities in China. We have 305 projects, with 46.9% of them located in the first- and second-tier cities. The accumulated average cost of land reserves was approximately RMB997 per square meter, which was relatively low in the industry.
The Group leverages on cooperations with other parties to acquire new projects for the purpose of enhancing the capital utilization rate. As at 31 December 2014, 78 projects were carried out through cooperations with other parties which resulted in an accumulative reduction in land premium payment of RMB59.8 billion.

With the increasing contracted sales price, volume and record-breaking sales amount, the Group successfully achieved its full-year target.
During the year, the volume and the area of the Group s contracted sales increased by 31.0% and 22.2%, respectively, as compared with last year. The average transaction price increased by 7.2% to RMB7,227 per square meter as compared with last year.
The unrivalled sales performance is mainly attributable to the Group s far-sighted optimization of the regional layout of its projects, upgrading its products, standardization of decoration as well as its flexible and practical sales strategy and selling price. In addition, the Group marketed certain commercial area and parking lots at appropriate time, which contributed to the increase in the sales volume and price as compared with last year. The average single-month trading price of the Group exceeded RMB6,500 per square meter in 11 months in 2014, and the price further increased to RMB8,347 per square meter in June 2014. Single-month sales volume in 8 months in 2014 exceeded RMB10 billion.
The Board believes that the increasing selling price and sales amount are favorable for maintaining the net profit margins of the major business of the Group.
During the year, the Group launched 53 new projects for sale which are located in 39 cities, including Beijing, Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Hefei, Changsha, Chengdu, Chongqing, Haikou, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Shenyang, Harbin, Xi an, Lanzhou, Dalian, Ningbo, Dongguan and Yangzhou. It entered into 16 of the 39 cities for the first time. We have 276 projects for sale, which are located in 141 different cities, including 3 first-tier cities, 26 second-tier cities and 112 third-tier cities.
For the whole year, the contracted sales amounted to RMB131.5 billion, with RMB12.4 billion in the first-tier cities, accounting for 9.4% of the total contracted sales, and RMB60.6 billion in the second-tier cities, accounting for 46.1% of the total contracted sales. The aggregate sales volume in the first- and second-tier cities as a percentage of that of the Group increased by 11.4 percentage points as compared to last year, which surpassed the sales volume in the third-tier cities again. The above data indicates a more balanced distribution of sales amount among first-, second- and third-tier cities as well as the strategy of optimizing regional layout of the projects since last year achieved 
The Group arranged reasonable construction planning and focused on the coordination between sales planning and construction completion planning. Moreover, the Group vigorously promoted product upgrades, implemented the standardization strategy, and enhanced its market competitiveness.
During the year, the new construction commencement GFA, completed GFA and GFA under construction was 22.50 million square meters, 20.63 million square meters and 41.35 million square meters, representing an increase of 13.2%, 6.5% and 4.7%, respectively, as compared to the 
During the year, the Group launched 53 new projects, representing a year-on-year rise of 20.5%. Most of the new projects are premium projects acquired during the year of 2013. The Group delivered a total of 238 projects for the whole year with a transaction amount of RMB107.5 billion.
The GFA of properties delivered was 16.83 million square meters. The precise and rigorous development plan provided adequate resources for sales, accelerated the turnover of capital and secured the delivery amount, which is crucial to revenue recognition.
As at 31 December 2014, the Group obtained construction certificates for 274 of its 305 projects. Among 305 projects, 38 projects have not been launched for sale, a majority of which will be ready for sale in 2015. The Board considers that its industry-leading scale of development and construction and the saleable area will provide a solid foundation for the Group to record revenue after delivery and ensure strong contracted sales in the future.

The Group continued to uphold a prudent financial policy of cash is king , endeavored to raise the cash balance and repaid the principals and interests of overseas senior notes by batch.
Given that the industry entered into adjustment period during the year, the Group continuously strengthen its capital strength so as to prevent potential market risk. In 2014, the Group collected sales proceeds of over RMB112.0 billion and issued project-based perpetual bonds, which provided an additional cash inflow of over RMB26.3 billion and effectively satisfied the capital needs for the new projects in the first- and second-tier cities. The abundant financial resources further enhanced the sales scale and profit.
Moreover, the Group lowered the pressure of capital payment by leveraging its reputable brand image to clinch better contract terms, payment methods and payment 
Through rigorous and practical capital program, the Group repaid the principal and interest of the senior notes of RMB5.55 billion which were denominated in RMB and settled by US dollar in January 2014 as scheduled. In addition, the Group early redeemed the senior notes of US$1.35 billion due on 27 January 2015 with its own capital in December 2014 at redemption price, demonstrating the Group s strong financial position.
As at 31 December 2014, the total cash of the Group amounted to RMB59.5 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.8%. Leveraging the solid cooperative relationships with large-scale commercial banks in China, net increase of the Group s borrowings amounted to RMB47.3 billion during the year with unutilized banking facilities reaching RMB51.0 billion as at 31 December 2014.
Together with the total cash of RMB59.5 billion as at 31 December 2014, the Group s available funds amounted to 
During the year, in order to respond to the recent changes in the market, the Group further enriched its product mix and comprehensively upgraded its standards for layouts, facades and decoration. The Group carried out 108 standardization projects, including 7 compilation projects for its design and technique documents, development of 20 standardized units, upgrading of 20 decoration plans and construction plans, 10 standardization projects for public facilities and 10 large-scale investigation and research projects of standardization with respect to intellectual households, interior decoration and floor heating design, and compiled and revised 42 individual design standards. The product designs after optimization are more tailored to end user market demand and housing improvement needs. The approaches adopted in architectural design, material supply and construction methods function in an assembly-line style, and helped to shorten the design cycle, guaranteed the design quality and improved the development efficiency.
The Group aggregately reduced approximately RMB1.657 billion in construction costs and operation expenses during the year by optimizing over 5,140 design solutions involving significant costs. The Group also reduced its procurement cost by RMB335 million when the procurement prices of decoration materials experienced a steady decrease of 2.75% as compared to the prices in 2013. At the same time, we established closer cooperative relationships with 17 suppliers, and expect to further reduce its procurement costs by approximately RMB350 million in the next three years. The successful implementation of the above standardization strategy represents the premium strategy alliance established by the Group entered into the harvest period. This helped to reduce the impact of increased costs over the gross profit margin and to bring values for 
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY The Group accumulatively provided high quality residential properties with good value for hundreds and thousands of households in the past 17 years, having completed an aggregated gross floor area of more than 70 million square meters of various properties. While developing its own business, the Group has also donated over RMB2 billion to charitable activities. As at the end of 2014, the project under construction with a gross floor area of 41.35 million square meters provided more than 700,000 jobs for workers in China and made a contribution to the local economic development and employment.
In 2014, the Group has always been actively committed to social responsibilities and deeply devoted to fully supporting charitable activities, such as livelihood, sports and environmental protection. In March, the Group donated RMB30 million to China Children and Teenagers Fund to support the development of child charities in China, which shows the Group s perseverance in fighting poverty and helping needy people. The Group also actively participated in disaster relief activities. The Group donated and delivered 12 million bottles of Evergrande spring water in 500,000 cartons to victims in the disaster area in Lanzhou immediately after the occurrence of the water pollution incidents, and all bottled water were distributed within 65 hours. In July, Hainan Province suffered a disaster of typhoon. The Group made a donation of RMB10 million immediately after the disaster to help the home rebuilding for victims. In August, Yunnan Province suffered from an earthquake, the Group donated RMB10 million in cash and 2 million bottles of Evergrande spring water to victims in disaster area in Ludian County, Zhaotong City, Yunnan Province through China Foundation for Poverty Alleviation.
With respect to environmental construction, the Group always adopts strategies in combination of technology innovation and industrial development, insisting on delivering well-decorated properties to purchasers in order to reduce the second environment pollution due to decoration. By cooperation with hundreds of strategic partners in upstream and downstream industry chains, the Group applied advanced technologies for all procedures from design to construction, thus promoted the product quality and environment protection. In 2014, the Group further optimized the major types of unit and successfully designed 20 new types of unit conformed to modern requirements, and enhanced regional suitability, quality and efficiency of environmental protection of properties. The Group also established Harvard Evergrande Environmental Construction Research Center (T[OR'Y}r{xvz-N_) with Harvard University, and jointly established a research institute with Tsinghua University to carry out study on sustainable and efficient environmental construction.
With respect to sports and culture aspects, the Group strategically cooperates with Alibaba to establish an international first-class football club. Evergrande Football Club is the first football team which has obtained four consecutive championships in China Football Association Super League. Evergrande Football School established a branch school in Spain and adopted educational pattern used in Royal Madrid Soccer School to cultivate talents for the country. For the cultural industry, cultural companies under the Group has produced several blockbuster movies, and successfully held 24 Evergrande Starlight music carnivals and large-scale parties under the name of Evergrande Spring, which promoted the development of China s cultural undertakings.

During the year, the Group, again, won multiple awards. In the assessment of the Top 500 China Real Estate Developers, the Group ranked second in the Top 500 China Real Estate Developers for four consecutive years, first in China Real Estate Development Enterprise Comprehensive Development Top 10, first in the Top 10 City Coverage s Real Estate Developers in China, first in Top 10 Real Estate Development Enterprises in China in terms of Innovation Capability, first in China Real Estate Development Enterprise Tourism Real Estate Top 10 and first in the Top 10 China Real Estate Developers by Corporate Social Responsibility.
In the selection of the Top 10 Listed Real Estate Developers in China by Integrated Capability 2014 jointly held by the corporate research institute under the State Development Research Centre of the State Council, the real estate research institute of Tsinghua University and the China Index Academy, the Group is one of the companies in Top 10 China Real Estate Brand Value, and ranked in the first in the Top 10 China Real Estate Companies Listed in Hong Kong by Integrated Capability for three consecutive years and first in the Top 10 Investment Value for the third time.

Premier Li Keqiang emphasized that the urban population in the PRC increased by 18 million and the urbanization rate increased by 1.04% to around 55% in 2014; the modernization of China is coupled with urbanization, which will definitely lead to a rigid demand for real estate in the long term, and adjustment to the real estate market within a certain period is normal.
Looking forward to 2015, China s real estate market will enter into a new normal position under the combined effect of law of supply and demand, pricing and affordability.
Administrative intervening measures may be loosened continuously, and differentiation in regional markets will coexist with inventory reduction activities of real estate developers to promote a soft landing of the industry. After the cap of demand is ascertained, the internal forces of the market will gradually drive the supply and demand towards a balance, keep the transaction volume at a high level in the near few years and restore the stability and rationality of the industry. In this historical process, enterprises with resources strength and advanced management operation will expect a new round of leaping development.
Based on the research on the new normal mode between China s economy and the real estate industry, the Board will adopt comprehensive measures to optimize the regional layout of its residential real estate projects of the Group. The Group is determined to strengthen the sales and collection of sales proceeds as well as to control costs and expenses strictly, endeavour to increase profit margins and decrease its leverage, improve the profitability steadily and achieve a quality and balanced development.

In 2015, the Group will further optimize the regional layout of its residential real estate projects and acquire high quality projects progressively, with an objective to maintain its leading position in terms of land reserves in the industry. The project expansion will continue to focus on the first- and second-tier cities, particularly, the central urban areas. New land acquisitions in the third-tier cities will be carried out based on stricter quantifiable criteria to raise the profit level 
As at 31 December 2014, the aggregate land premium payable before due date by the Group amounted to RMB220.01 billion, with RMB195.55 billion paid and RMB24.46 billion outstanding and undue, of which RMB9.05 billion is due in 2015; RMB6.62 billion in 2016; and RMB8.79 billion after 2017.

The Group foresees a relatively loose policy environment with severe divisions in regional markets in 2015. As such, the Group will follow the market trends, ensure adequate inventories, formulate a project marketing plan focusing on certain regions. In particular, the Group breaks down its annual sales target by project, and initiates a series of marketing activities from the beginning of 2015 to ensure the achievement of its annual sales target.
The Group determines its contracted sales target in 2015 at RMB150 billion, 36.4% higher than its target in 2014. The Group has 38 new residential projects available for sale.
Most of these projects are located in major cities, such as Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Chongqing, Chengdu, Taiyuan, Haikou, Dongguan and Dalian. The Group plans to market these new projects at appropriate time based on the overall market demands. In addition, the Group has put into sales several residential and commercial complex projects and a large amount of stores and parking lots in the residential projects, which are expected to supplement the contracted sales of this year.
As the Group continuously promotes the strategy of optimizing the regional layout of its projects, the average transaction price for the year is expected to increase further.
As to the specific pricing strategy, the Group will continue to balance between its sales price and sales volume and between its operation scale and gross profit. Sales target is designated on a quarterly basis, and the progress will be reviewed on a monthly basis. The monthly contract sales results are reported to shareholders and investors by voluntary announcements. Given the adequate inventories, strong execution capability and product advantages of the Group, the Board is very confident that the Group can achieve its full-year contract sales target.

The Group will continue to maintain its steady financial policies, endeavor to raise the total amount of cash and maintain its net profit margin for its main operations. To accomplish this, the Group will further enhance the collection of sales proceeds, set reasonable price, increase the turnover of inventories, sell part of the commercial premises and continue to expand project cooperation. Meanwhile, the Group will formulate more reasonable plans for commencement, completion and payment, and rationally control expenditure in land and construction.
With respect to capital arrangement, the Group issued US$1 billion senior notes due 2020 in February 2015. The Company intends to use the proceeds to refinance the existing debts of the Group to improve its debt structure and enrich the cash flows. The Group also plans to implement strict payment management plan with leveraging diversified financing channels and managing the dynamic balance between capital inflow and outflow.
With respect to the control of costs and expenses, the Group will continue to fully implement reforms of product upgrades and standardization to ensure product quality and reduce costs. The Group will also utilize new promotion channels to lower its selling expenses, develop leading SAP and ERP systems in the industry and make full use of information technology to reduce operating expenses.

The Board recommended a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2014 of RMB0.43 per share to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members on Thursday, 18 June 2015. The final dividend will be paid on or before Friday, 3 July 2015.
The payment of the Final Dividend is subject to the approval by the shareholders of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting.
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The annual general meeting of the Company will be held on Friday, 12 June 2015. A notice convening the annual general meeting of the Company will be published and dispatched to the shareholders of the Company in the manner required by the Listing Rules in due course.
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the annual general meeting, the register of members of the Company will be closed from 10 June 2015 to 12 June 2015, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the annual general meeting, all transfers of shares, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s share registrar and transfer office, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712 1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 9 June 2015.
For determining entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the register of members of the Company will be closed from 18 June 2015 to 23 June 2015, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the final dividend, all share transfers, accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company s share registrar and transfer office, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, Shops 1712 1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 17 June 2015.
PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY S LISTED SECURITIES During 2014, the Company had repurchased from the market a total of 1,763,128,100 shares of the Company at price ranging from HK$2.80 to HK$3.64 per share with an aggregate consideration of HK$5,849,782,895. All the repurchased shares have been cancelled. The Directors believe that the repurchases of shares would lead to an enhancement of the net value of the Group and its assets andor its earnings per share. Details of the repurchases of the shares of the Company are 
Month of repurchase 
January 2014 354,447,000 3.10 2.80 968,497,350 February 2014 1,248,399,100 3.64 3.11 4,335,964,013 July 2014 160,282,000 3.51 3.25 545,321,532 
During the year, the Company has early redeemed in full the US$1,350,000,000 13% senior notes due 2015, which were listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange, at a redemption amount equals to 100% of its principal amount (plus accrued and unpaid interests of US$50.92 on the note of US$1,000 each). Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 16 November 2014 for details of the early 
Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company s listed securities during the year ended 31 
On 1 February 2015, the Company announced the issue of US$1 billion 12% senior notes due 2020 (the Notes ). The notes are listed on Singapore Stock Exchange. The issuance of the Notes raised fund of approximately US$995 million and was used to refinance the existing indebtedness of the 
CONDUCTED BY THE DIRECTORS The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the Model Code ) set forth in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions conducted by the directors. Having made due and careful enquiries with the directors, the Company confirmed that for the year ended 31 December 2014, all directors always abided by the Model Code.
REVIEW OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
The Audit Committee of the Company consists of all of the independent non-executive directors of the Company, Mr.
Chau Shing Yim, David, Mr. He Qi and Ms. Xie Hongxi. The Audit Committee assists the Board in providing an independent review of the completeness, accuracy and fairness of the financial statements of the Group, as well as the efficiency and effectiveness of the Group s operations and internal controls. The Audit Committee has reviewed the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 
ANNOUNCEMENT OF FULL YEAR RESULTS ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE S WEBSITE AND THE COMPANY S 
The announcement of full year results have been published on the Company s website (http:www.evergrande.com) and the website appointed by the Stock Exchange (http: 
The steady development of the Group has always been trusted and supported by its shareholders, investors and business partners as well as the loyalty of our staff members.
On behalf of the Board, I express my heartfelt gratitude.
By order of the Board Evergrande Real Estate Group Limited Hui Ka Yan 
Hong Kong, 30 March 2015 