Report of Chairman Hui Ka Yan 
In 2011, China deepened its regulation and control over the real estate market and such regulation and control had resulted in negative and widespread effects on the real estate market. Particularly in the second half of the year, real estate price control targets were progressively introduced in over 600 cities, property purchase restrictions were implemented in 46 large and medium-sized cities and property-oriented mandatory price restrictions were implemented in 10 cities. With the continued expansion of regulation and control, market volume and price declined rapidly from high levels, the national real estate climate index fell for seven consecutive months, the 100 city price index of the China Real Estate Index System continued to decline for four consecutive months and there was a month-on-month decrease in the average price of residences in ten major cities in December 1 . The macroeconomic market was ushered into an unprecedented and profound change in 
As the market adjusted to the new regulatory environment, new industrial structures, market spaces and business models were gradually taking shape alongside increasing market differentiation: market concentration of large scale real estate enterprises has further improved with contract sales of China s top ten real estate enterprises accounting for 10.4% of the total real estate sales in China, representing a growth of 0.3% over 2010. Meanwhile, corrections in the core of the real estate market had become a widespread trend and the growth in sales area in China s first-tier cities dropped substantially by 31.5% 2 .
The Group had a deep understanding of the Central Government s intention in regulation and control and of the changing market environment. We actively conformed our forward-looking strategies to the trends of regulation and control and, as a result of the scale advantages of our footprints in 103 cities, the cost advantages of our centralised raw material procurement and the brand 
Ten major cities: Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Chengdu, Chongqing, Nanjing, Tianjin, Wuhan and Hangzhou 
Source: Worldunion Properties 
I am glad to present the annual report of Evergrande Real Estate Group Limited ( Evergrande or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (the Group) for the year ended 31 December 2011. Revenue and gross profit of the Group for the year were RMB61.92 billion and RMB20.61 billion respectively, or a year-on-year growth of 35.2% and 54.2%, and net profit increased by 46.9% to RMB11.78 billion. Net profit attributable to shareholders amounted to RMB11.38 billion and earnings per share was RMB0.761.
In order to reciprocate the trust and support of shareholders, the Board of Directors proposed to distribute a final dividend of RMB0.19 per share for 2011 subject to approval at the general meetings of the Group.
advantages from our slogan of developing properties for people s livelihood and our status as one of the Top 10 Property Developers in China , our key business indicators continued to achieve high growth. During the year, the Group recorded contracted sales of RMB80.39 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 59.4%; contracted sales area totalled 12.199 million m 2 , which ranked No. 1 in China 3 and increased by 54.7% year-on-year; revenue amounted to RMB61.92 billion, of which revenue of the real estate development segment accounted for RMB60.47 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 33.4%; total cash (including cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash) amounted to RMB28.20 billion at the end of the year; gross floor area ( GFA ) of land reserve was 137 million m 2 and average cost of land reserves was RMB616m 2 ; area under construction at the end of the year was approximately 36.524 million m 2 .

The Group s national footprint is basically completed, successfully kicking off the new strategic structure that radiates from the existing key cities to surrounding developed cities. 2011 was the final year of the Group s fifth three-year plan . Having gone through rapid growth in the previous two three-year plans , the Group was successful in establishing its footprint across 103 major cities in China, comprising all domestic provincial administrative regions, except Beijing, Fujian and Tibet; the number of cities covered grew by 66.1% over 2010; the number of projects increased by 67.0% to 187 from 112 projects in 2010; GFA of land reserves was 137 million m 2 , representing an increase of 42.5% over 96.003 million m 2 in 
Source: 2011 Sales Ranking List of China s Top 30 Real Estate Enterprises jointly released by CRIC and China Real Estate Assessment Center During the year, the Group entered 41 new cities, adding 75 projects and 40.839 million m 2 of GFA, and the cost of new land reserves was approximately RMB667m 2 . The additional land reserves are located in 62 second-and third- tier cities with growth potential including, among others, Chongqing, Tianjin, Chengdu, Harbin, Lanzhou, Changchun, Hefei, Nanchang and Zhenjiang. In the first half of the year, the Group keenly seized M&A opportunities brought about by market consolidation and acquired 70 land plots, increasing the GFA of land reserves by 39.387 million m 2 from the end of 2010. In the second half of the year, the Group adhered to its fundamental strategy of replenishing consumed land reserves in maintaining a dynamic balance between consumption and replenishment of land reserves.
As at 31 December 2011, the Group had 187 real estate projects across 103 cities in China, of which 6 projects were in first-tier cities, 84 projects were in second-tier cities and 97 projects were in third-tier cities; the average cost of the land reserves was approximately RMB616m 2 , of which the cost of land reserves in third-tier cities was approximately RMB472m 2 . The low-cost land reserves and vast urban layout allowed the Group to implement its strategy in deeper dimensions, resulting in more substantial scale advantages and greater capacity for sustainable development and resilience against risks.
The total cost for the Group s land reserves as at 31 December 2011 was RMB98.17 billion, of which the settled and outstanding amounts were RMB66.81 billion and RMB31.36 billion respectively. RMB11.02 billion and RMB13.96 billion were scheduled to be paid in 2012 and 2013 respectively, with RMB6.38 billion to be paid after 2013. The Group firmly believes that, with sufficient cash reserves and strong contracted sales revenue, the Company will be able to sustain steady growth.

The Group judged market trends accurately, achieving new records in contracted sales and ranked No. 1 in China by contracted sales GFA. Based upon a first up and then down market outlook forecast for the year, since July, the Group has continued to adopt a modest and frequent price adjustment strategy. With transaction volume in the macroeconomic market continuously contracting, the Group endeavoured to capture market opportunities to promote sales. The Group succeeded in surpassing the full- year contracted sales target of RMB70 billion two months in advance and recorded contracted sales of RMB80.39 billion for the year, representing a year-on-year growth of 59.4% and achieving 114.8% of the annual target; the GFA of contracted sales was 12.199 million m 2 , representing a year- on-year growth of 54.7%; and average selling price of contracted sales was RMB6,590m 2 , an increase of 3.1% year-on-year. 96.8% of the contracted sales was derived from second-and third-tier cities including Changsha, Chongqing, Taiyuan, Chengdu, Wuhan and Shenyang, covering the whole range of products from high-end, mid- end, mid-to-high-end to resort projects.
The Group adhered to the concept of developing properties for people s livelihood , bringing into play the cost effectiveness of the standardised operation of high quality properties and continuously cultivating its presence in second-and third-tier cities and leveraging a product mix in line with market demand under an environment of stringent regulation and control as illustrated by recent purchase restrictions, loan restrictions, price restrictions and low- income housing supply. The proportion of mass-market residential units of less than 144 m 2 developed by the Group accounted for 74.1% of the total supply. China s total sale of residential developments was RMB5,911.9 billion 4 in 2011 and, on such basis, the Group s market share in China was 1.36% in 2011, representing an increase of 0.4 percentage point over 0.96% in 2010.
During the year, the Group started 65 new projects spanning across 56 second-and third-tier cities, including Shenyang, Chengdu, Chongqing, Jinan, Tianjin, Shijiazhuang, Changsha, Zhongshan and Baotou, and had a total of 121 projects in sales mode across 73 cities. Contracted sales for the year amounted to RMB80.39 billion, of which the contracted sales of the 56 projects already in a sales mode as at the end of 2010 was RMB50.71 billion, accounting for 63.1% of the total, and the average contracted sales per project was RMB906 million; contracted sales for the 65 new projects launched for sale in 2011 was RMB29.68 billion, accounting for 36.9% of the total and the average contracted sales per project was RMB457 million. As at 31 December 2011, there were 66 projects pending sales launches, the majority of which are scheduled to be launched in 2012, and will provide adequate supply to help us achieve excellent sales results.

Source: National Bureau of Statistics 
As at 31 December 2011, GFA under construction of the Group was 36.524 million m 2 and GFA completed was 11.342 million m 2 , leading the industry in construction scale and speed. The Group continued to adhere to a rapid scale-up development strategy, newly adding 23.896 million m 2 GFA under construction for the year and having 146 projects under construction, the majority of which was available for sale within six months after the land plots were obtained. Given that there were relatively more new land reserves acquired in the first half of the year, the Group s newly constructed GFA of 14.39 million m 2 in the first half of the year was relatively larger than the 9.5 million m 2 in the second half of the year.
As at 31 December 2011, the Group has received pre-sale permits for 121 projects, and the other 66 projects were pending sales launches.
The Group hit new record highs in terms of the area of properties delivered and the delivery amount. The Group delivered 77 projects for the year, recognising a delivery amount of RMB60.47 billion, a year-on-year increase of 33.4%; the GFA of properties delivered was 9.471 million m 2 , a year-on-year increase of 16.4%; the average price of properties delivered and booked was RMB6,385m 2 , representing an increase of 14.6% over RMB5,572m 2 in 2010. The Group s extensive development and construction scale, GFA available for sale and resources that can be carried over have established a firm footing to sustain excellent performance in the next stage of the Group s 
The Group s standardised quality product industry chain has become increasingly mature, continuously expanding its strategic quality product alliance and effectively resisting upward cost pressures. As at 31 December 2011, the Group s strategic quality products alliance consisted of over 300 renowned domestic and foreign brands, covering all property development processes, including project planning and design, main construction, landscape construction, building and 
Through the strategic alliance s large-scale procurement and established long-term partnerships, prices offered by the Group s 121 material suppliers were either relatively lower than in 2010 or remained unchanged. The Group s procurement volume accounted for 89.0% of the total volume of materials of the suppliers.
The Group also further improved its standardised procurement platform to mitigate the upward pressures in raw material prices. By strictly assessing monthly procurement plans for materials, the overall error rate for each of the Group s project materials plans was controlled within 10% throughout the year, keeping materials consumption and warehousing costs entirely within a 
The Group has been upholding a prudent financial policy of cash is king in maintaining cash flows with forward-looking strategies and ensuring financial security. Following successful issuances of two tranches of senior notes amounting to RMB9.25 billion at the beginning of the year, the Group sold 49% interest in Grandday Group Limited to a subsidiary of Chinese Estates Holdings Limited in May 2011 at a consideration of US$500 million. Through the above measures, the Group explored diversification of financing channels in a timely manner amid an imminent tightening in liquidity, winning strategic opportunities to support solid growth throughout the year.
The Group had total cash of RMB28.20 billion as at 31 December 2011, a significant growth of 41.4% as compared with the end of 2010 and much larger than the sum of short- term borrowings and long-term borrowings due within one year amounting to RMB10.23 billion; new bank loans for the year amounted to RMB27.79 billion (the net increase in bank loans was RMB11.89 billion) and the Group had unutilised banking facilities of RMB36.91 billion.

The Group has been upholding a people-oriented principle and making full use of incentive mechanisms to create a industrious and hardworking corporate culture in Evergrande. The Group is well aware of the fact that an enterprise is comprised of employees and each employee is backed up by a family and that staff development and progress is not only fundamental to the sustainable growth of an enterprise but is also a cornerstone of stability on which families and the society rely upon.
Therefore, Evergrande respects and cherishes the individual value of each staff, striving to provide them with challenging job opportunities as a driver for them to achieve development goals in life.
The Group implemented competitive salary incentive measures on the basis of stringent target planning and evaluation. As of the end of 2011, the Group had granted share purchase options to 137 key staff members entitling them to purchase a total of 913 million shares. During the year, the Group adjusted wages of all employees and the average rate of salary increase was approximately 10%. At the same time, the Group adhered to the principle of survival of the fittest in a healthy competitive environment to ensure long-term sustainable growth of the enterprise.
Corporate Social Responsibilities and Awards The Group has been adhering to its original intention of developing properties for people s livelihood and endeavouring to assume corporate social responsibilities, devoting its best efforts to charity activities that support education, livelihood, sports, culture and environmental protection. In the past 15 years since its incorporation, the Group has provided in total 190,000 households with cost- effective residential developments. In 2011, the Group provided residents across 73 cities in China with more than 100,000 residential units for sale, with the proportion of mid- end and mid-to-high-end units of less than the size of 144 m 2 accounting for 74.1% of the total supply and the selling prices kept within a reasonable range affordable by the general public. Meanwhile, as a result of the Group s determination in introducing high quality product construction standards, certain projects under the Group received national awards during the year, such as the Grand Golden Prize for Excellent Garden Construction (*QyWg ] z'YNs)and the Golden Prize of Zhan Tianyou Excellent Residential Community Award (y)YQO*QyOO[@SNs).
As an enterprise which actively implements green construction practices in China, the Group is committed to delivering fully-refurbished properties to reduce the environmental pollution from refurbishment works. Moreover, the Group, with the support of its edge in standardised operations, cooperated with strategic upstream and downstream partners along the industry chain in observing green and low-carbon environmental standards in terms of construction material procurement and application, and putting various energy-saving construction technologies and designs into practice in the course of integrating design, construction, completion approval, operation and management, to produce quality, green products.
During the year, the Group continued to increase its participation in charity activities. The Group received the highest award from the Chinese government for the charity sector the China Charity Award for the fourth consecutive year and other charity prizes including the Top Ten Real Estate Enterprises with Sense of Responsibility in China and the Golden Cup of Cotton Tree Cup for Helping the Poor and Needy in Guangdong .
During the year, the Group ranked among the Top 10 Property Developers in China complied by China Real Estate Top 10 Research Group, for the eighth consecutive year. The Group s brand value, jumping from RMB8 billion in 2010 to RMB21.018 billion in 2011, which ranks first among real estate enterprises in China, ranked among the Top 10 Property Brand Value in China for the sixth consecutive year. The Group was also awarded the Blue-Chip Real Estate Enterprise by Chinese mainstream media for the fourth consecutive year. The Group received altogether 33 national awards, 77 provincial awards and 307 project awards for the year. These awards demonstrated a high degree of recognition of the Group s achievements in social responsibility, internal control and brand building.

The Group has been conducting its business according to the principles of the Code on Corporate Governance Practices ( Code ) set forth in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules, and the Group has complied with all applicable rules of the Code.
The Board understands that protecting and utilising corporate resources and creating value for shareholders is the first priority of an enterprise. The Board has therefore committed to improve the standard of corporate governance, and continue enhancing our profitability and potential for sustainable growth. In 2011, the Group made great progress in standardising its management, strengthening internal monitor systems and cost controls, increasing the overall transparency of the Company and perfecting corporate internal control mechanisms and risk management of the Board, among other achievements.
The Group particularly emphasised the transparency and efficiency of information disclosures, and employs various methods, such as monthly sales briefing and monthly communications, sales results release conferences and investors meetings, to deliver comprehensive information, such as the latest development strategies, development progress, sales results and market prospects of the Group to the public.
The Board believes that the efforts mentioned above will help the Group maximise its financial performance, so as to maximise shareholder value and implement the strong and sustainable development strategies of the Group.

The year 2012 is Evergrande s 16th year of operation since incorporation. After going through the extraordinary and extensive development stages in the previous five three-year plans , the Group has now entered the inaugural year of its sixth three-year plan . In the new era, the Group s development focus will shift from growth in scale to stable operation and from regional expansion to deepening management, placing greater emphasis on sustained profitability and coordinated development of high quality products, while constantly examining new business models and nurturing new growth areas.
In the sixth three-year plan , the Group plans to achieve steady every year growth in terms of, among others, income from key operations, core earnings and contracted sales.
The Board has developed the next phase of development strategy with forward-looking insights based on these judgments and development planning.

Given that the national strategic footprint has been basically completed, the Group s national strategy will be based on its existing scale and it will concentrate its efforts on improving project designs, cultivating presences in second- and third-tier cities, consolidating leading advantages and achieving phased and in-depth development in the first-, second-and third-tier cities while adhering to the principle of maintaining a dynamic balance between consumption and replenishment of land reserves.
In terms of replenishment of inventory land reserves for project development, the Group will, on the basis of a healthy cash flow, continue to focus on second-and third- tier cities with high growth potential and regions with beautiful environments, developed planning, transportation and great potential for land appreciation within the urban area and, through diversified channels, pick a small number of quality land plots in excellent locations, in suitable scales and at reasonable pricing to further improve the premium positioning of the Group s products and the overall earnings of the Group.

The Group will, on the basis of improving project footprint, continue to maintain the rapid development and construction of projects, striving to make projects available for sale within about six months after the land plots are obtained. In respect of existing projects under construction, the Group will further adopt strategies in line with the market, optimise the scale of development and adjust the speed of construction to match with the pace of sales. In terms of product planning, the Group will, with the support of its traditional edge in the standardised operation of high quality products and on the basis of the existing standardised product series, focus on product innovation and extend product lines to open up market space with cost-effective 
The Group aims at achieving contracted sales of RMB80 billion in 2012. Given that the property sales market is generally expected to experience a decline followed by a rebound during the year, the Group expects to be relatively less aggressive in launching projects for sale in the first half of the year and the number of projects for sale in the first and second half year will be in the ratio of approximately 4:6.

In face of more complex market situations and increasingly fierce competition, the Group will focus on long-term sustainable developments, further strengthening its collective, clustered management model to achieve the established targets of higher quality, lower cost and more balanced development of sustained stability and high quality.
The Group will, on the basis of deepening management, strictly enforce resource exploration and cost control, examining all development processes with a focus on the control over the cost of development and construction, the management of project budgets and final accounts, continuous expansion of strategic cooperative alliances, and adherence to centralised procurement and centralised tender invitation and bidding to mitigate upward pressure in the cost of materials and equipment. The Group will also utilise its organisational resource to examine and improve control over project costs from its source in order to optimise the implementation of standardised design 
The Group will further adopt means of information technology to improve management s decision-making and operational efficiency, optimise and integrate the existing 12 major business operating systems covering financial systems, materials supply chains, project management, gardens and hotels, and upgrade EMS, KM and contract management, human resources and business management systems. The Group hopes that by organising and implementing these measures, the effect of producing known, controllable and predictable results will be achieved, allowing us to attain new heights in detailed management.

The Group will continue to uphold the prudent financial policy of cash is king , keeping strict control of costs and striving to maintain its debt ratio at reasonable levels. Going forward, the Group will spare no efforts to increase sales, strengthen recycling of funds, continue to make full use of various financing channels and effectively allocate financial resources, further improving the structure of loans, currencies, maturities and credit, increasing funds management efficiency and reducing capital costs. The Group will continue to adhere to a prudent policy, strictly monitor key indicators including debt to assets ratio and control financial risks. The overall target is to achieve a total debt to total assets ratio of less than 40%, an interest coverage in excess of 3.5 times and total cash of more than 
In terms of management expenses, the Group will adopt measures to improve efficiency, simplify management action and implement rigid management of cost estimates and assessment of cost target programs throughout the process. As for marketing expenses, steps will be taken to strengthen market research and customer behaviour analysis and enhance advertisement spending and sales channels so that marketing expenses will be further reduced.
Review of Consolidated Financial 
The Audit Committee of the Company comprises of all independent non-executive directors, Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David, Mr. Yu Kam Kee, Lawrence and Mr. He Qi. The Audit Committee assists the Board in providing an independent review of the completeness, accuracy and fairness of the financial statements of the Group, as well as the efficiency and effectiveness of the Group s operations and internal controls. The Audit Committee has reviewed the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2011.
Publication of Information on the Stock Exchange s Website This annual report will be published on the Stock Exchange s website and the Company s website (www.evergrande.
com). The 2011 Annual Report will also be published on the Stock Exchange s website and the Company s website and will be despatched to the shareholders of the Company.

The steady development of the businesses of the Company has always been due to the trust and support of all the shareholders, investors and business partners as well as the loyalty of all members of its staff, and on behalf of the Board, I express my heartfelt gratitude.
Hui Ka Yan 
Hong Kong, 28 March 2012 