Hui Ka Yan 
REPORT OF CHAIRMAN 
I am pleased to present the results of Evergrande Real Estate Group Limited ( Evergrande or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2015.
The Group s turnover and gross profit for the year amounted to RMB133.1 billion and RMB37.4 billion respectively, representing year-on-year growth of 19.5% and 17.7% respectively. The Group s net profit was RMB17.3 billion.
Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to RMB10.5 billion. Basic earnings per share of the Group was RMB0.713.
In order to reciprocate the trust and support of shareholders, the Board of Directors proposed to distribute a final dividend of RMB0.38 per share for 2015, subject to approval at the general meeting of the Group.

In 2015, the start of the New Normal following three decades of robust growth, China s GDP growth slowed to 6.9% 1 through the year, yet with innovations and startups among industrial restructuring to usher in vitality as new drivers. To ease economic downturn and promote structural optimization and upgrading, the central government advocated stimulating both supply and demand with an aim at stronger sustainability and overall enhancement in productivity. At the Central Economic Working Conference held in December, a kickoff of the Reform of the Supply Side, five missions namely De-capacity, de-stocking, de- leveraging, cost reduction and weak link improvement were put forward to boost productivity comprehensively and sustain the stable economic momentum.
The profound change continued in China s real estate industry. In line with the key note of Stabilizing demand, de- stocking and accelerating transformation , a string of accommodative policies on both supply and demand ends led to a significant recovery in market turnover. The transaction volume of commodity housing nationwide increased year-on-year by 14.4% to RMB8,728.1 billion 2 , a record high which surpassed the level in 2013. However, the area sold was 1,284.95 million square meters 3 , representing a decrease from 2013. The area of new housing construction and the land acquisition area for residential use dropped by 14.0% and 31.7% respectively whilst total area for sale recorded an increase of 15.6% year-on-year, mirroring a gradually saturated market. On the other hand, with further market divergence and clearer urban value regression, 30 large and medium cities accounted for nearly half of the total sales nationwide. Developers returned to first and second-tier cities for land reserves, leading to the land premium in first and second-tier cities increasing by more than 40% in the latter half of the year and 30% by the end of the year respectively, compared to the underperforming land market in third-tier cities.
Facing the unprecedented and profound transformation in the industry as well as the complicated market environment, the Board, based on its well-grounded judgments, was devoted to capture the opportunities in the market through constantly strengthening the principal business and foundation of real estate and optimizing the regional layout of residential property projects by leveraging its strong execution. The major operation indicators continued to increase: contracted sales set a new record of RMB201.34 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 53.1%; GFA of contracted sales was 25.512 million square meters, representing a year-on-year growth of 40.2%; and the average contract selling price was RMB7,892 per square meter, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.2%. As at 31 December 2015, the gross floor area ( GFA ) on the land reserves was 156 million square meters, and the accumulated average cost was RMB1,173 per meter. The area under construction was 58.618 million square meters while 330 projects were under construction. As at 31 December 2015, cash balance held by the Group (including cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash) was 
Source: Preliminary Calculation Results of the Fourth Quarter and Full-year GDP of China for 2015 issued by the National Bureau of Statistics of China 
Source: National Real Estate Development and Sales for 2015 issued by the National Bureau of Statistics of China 
Source: National Real Estate Development and Sales for 2015 issued by the National Bureau of Statistics of China 
The Group focused on sustainable profitability, selected quality land reserves for replenishment, and balanced the regional layout of its projects among first-, second- and third-tier cities better.
The Group acquired gross floor area of 34.847 million square meters for its new projects. The Group acquired 82 new projects and is also acquiring more land in the surrounding area of 6 of its existing projects. Among the newly acquired projects, 3 are located in first-tier cities, and 48 in second-tier cities. The number of new projects in the first- and second-tier cities accounted for 62.2% of the number of all the new projects and the investment in land for new projects in the first- and second-tier cities account for 75% of the total investment in land. The main purpose of these acquisitions was to further optimize the regional layout of the projects among first- to third-tier cities, with an objective of improving our overall profitability. Newly acquired projects cover 54 cities, with a majority of them located in Beijing, Shenzhen, Nanjing, Chengdu, Chongqing, Jinan, Taiyuan, Harbin, Nanning, Wuhan, Dalian, Shantou, Quanzhou, Dongguan and Xiamen. The cost of newly acquired land reserves was RMB2,045 per square meter.
Completed construction occupied 25.288 million square meters of the Group s land reserves, and the total land reserves balance at the end of 2015 was 156 million square meters, representing an increase of 8.97 million square meters or 6.1% year-on-year. The land reserves of the Group are located in 162 cities in China and cover all of the first-tier cities and most provincial capitals in China. We have 375 projects in total, with 54.7% of them located in the first- and second-tier cities, accounting for 72% of the total investment in land. The average cost of land reserves was approximately RMB1,173 per square meter, which was relatively low in the industry.
The Group leverages on cooperation with other parties to acquire new projects for the purpose of enhancing the capital utilization rate. As at 31 December 2015, 112 projects were carried out through cooperation with other parties which resulted in an accumulative reduction in land premium payment of RMB68.69 billion.

With the increasing contracted sales price, volume and record-breaking sales amount which considerably exceeded the full-year target, the Group ranked top in terms of GFA of contracted sales for consecutive 
In 2015, the Group s contracted sales increased by 53.1% year-on-year to RMB201.34 billion, representing 134.2% of the RMB150 billion target set at the beginning of the year or 111.9% of the raised target of RMB180 billion. GFA of contracted sales was 25.512 million square meters, representing a year-on-year growth of 40.2%; and the average contract selling price was RMB7,892 per square meter, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.2%.
The unrivalled sales performance is mainly attributable to the Group s far-sighted optimization of the regional layout of its projects, upgrading of decoration and facilities among other product value additions, as well as its flexible and practical sales strategy and selling price. In addition, the Group opportunistically marketed certain stores and parking lots, which contributed to the increase in the sales volume and price as compared with last year. The average single-month trading price of the Group all exceeded RMB7,000 per square meter, with June and December recording RMB8,645 and RMB8,767 per square meter respectively. In total, single-month sales in 7 months in 2015 exceeded RMB15 billion. The Board believes that the increasing selling price and sales amount are favorable for maintaining the net profit margins of the major business of the Group.
During the year, the Group launched 81 new projects located in 48 cities for sale, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Zhengzhou, Wuhan, Haikou, Chengdu, Chongqing, Taiyuan, Xi an, Jinan, Nanning, Kunming, Harbin, Changchun, Dongguan, Foshan, Quanzhou, Xiamen and Suzhou, of which 65.4% are located in the first- and second-tier cities. With new presence in 16 of the above cities, we had an aggregate of 357 projects for sale as at the end of the year, which are located in 157 cities including 4 first-tier, 35 second-tier and 118 third-tier cities 1 .
For the whole year, the contracted sales amounted to RMB201.34 billion, with RMB14.31 billion in the first-tier cities, accounting for 7.1% of the total contracted sales, and RMB105.38 billion in the second-tier cities, accounting for 52.3% of the total contracted sales. The aggregate sales in the first- and second-tier cities as a percentage of that of the Group was 59.4%, another increase of 3.9 percentage points following the increase of 11.4 percentage points in 2014. This indicated a success under the strategy of optimizing regional project layout over the years, as witnessed by the balanced sales among first- to third-tier 
The Group arranged reasonable construction planning and focused on the coordination between sales planning and construction completion planning.
Moreover, the Group vigorously promoted product upgrades and implemented an elevated standardization strategy to enhance its market 
During the year, the new construction commencement GFA, completed GFA and GFA under construction were 42.556 million square meters, 25.288 million square meters and 58.618 million square meters, representing an increase of 40.2%, 22.5% and 15.2%, respectively, as compared to the 
During the year, the Group launched 81 new projects, representing a year-on-year rise of 52.8%. Most of the new projects are premium projects acquired during the year of 2014. The Group delivered a total of 319 projects for the whole year with a transaction amount of RMB126.45 billion.
The GFA of properties delivered was 17.242 million square meters. The precise and rigorous development plan provided adequate resources for sales, accelerated the turnover of capital and secured the delivery amount and 
During the year, the Group launched the Project Planning and Engineering Management System, a core component of the Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system leveraging information technology to monitor 100% projects under construction nationwide in all aspects. The system monitored 341 projects with 2,021 site monitoring points through 5,234 users. Submitting a total of 27 million construction surveillance pictures to the headquarters in the year, it automatically integrated project monitoring into execution, increased statistical efficiency by over 50% and achieved 100% accuracy in calculation of project progress.
As at 31 December 2015, the Group obtained construction certificates for 330 of its 375 projects. The Board considers that its industry-leading scale of development and construction and the saleable area will provide a solid foundation for the Group to record revenue after delivery and ensure strong contracted sales in the future.

First-tier cities: Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen; Second-tier cities: Municipalities directly under the central government, provincial capitals, cities specifically designated in the state plan, and prefecture- level cities with over RMB500 billion GDP and a population of more than 7 million, except for first-tier cities; Third-tier cities: Other prefecture-level cities.

Adherence to the strategy of cash is king to raise the total amount of cash and stabilize net profit margin from main operations.
In light of the unstable market condition during 2015, the Group has continuously strengthened its financial resources through a combination of measures to ward off potential risks. In the first half of 2015, the Group successfully completed the issuance of US$1 billion senior notes due in 2020 overseas. The Group completed the placing of 820,000,000 shares, representing approximately 5.54% of the share capital in issue. The net proceeds from placing amounted to approximately HK$4.60 billion. In the 2nd half of 2015, the Group successfully completed the issuance of RMB20 billion domestic corporate bonds within three weeks, pioneering the domestic bond issuance by a red- chip company, of which RMB5 billion has a term of 5 years and an interest rate of 5.38%; RMB6.8 billion has a term of 4 years and an interest rate of 5.30%; RMB8.2 billion has a term of 7 years and an interest rate of 6.98%.
Zhongchengxin Securities Rating (-NOIU), Dagong Global Rating ('YlQ WU}) and Lianhe Rating (oTU}), three authoritative rating agencies in the PRC, all assigned AAA credit ratings, the highest rating, to the Group. In addition, the Group raised another RMB20 billion private domestic bonds with an average interest rate of 7.44%.
In 2015, the Group collected sales proceeds of RMB152.3 billion. The aggregate amount of perpetual bonds increased by RMB22.9 billion on a net basis as compared with the balance as at 31 December 2015. The Group entered into strategic cooperation agreements with Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, Postal Savings Bank of China, China Minsheng Bank, China CITIC Bank, CITIC Trust, Shengjing Bank, Pufa Bank, etc., and secured RMB273.6 billion of facilities in total. Moreover, the Group reduced its land premium payment through project cooperation and by leveraging its positive brand image to clinch better contract terms, payment methods and payment conditions. With the above measures, the total cash of the Group as at 31 December 2015 reached RMB164.0 billion, which was the highest level since its listing. Banking on the solid cooperation foundation with large-scale commercial banks in China, the Group s unutilized banking facilities reached RMB154.5 billion at the end of 2015. Together with the total cash of RMB164.0 billion at the end of 2015, the Group s available funds amounted to RMB318.5 billion in total.
We have strong control over construction costs and prudently spent expenses to boost contract sales. The Board believes that, with the further optimization of the location and product quality of the projects, there will be more room for raising the selling prices of products, which, in turn, will have a positive effect on the profit margins of the core businesses of the Group. More cash will be collected in relation to our contract sales growth.
STANDARDIZATION OF PREMIUM PRODUCTS The standardization policy was further promoted and symbolized the fruits of the Group s strategic alliances with premium suppliers, and enabled the Group to mitigate the impact of escalating costs on gross profit margin and generate value for its shareholders.
Responding to market changes in the year, the Group further enhanced its product mix and comprehensively upgraded its standards for layouts, facades and decoration.
The Group carried out 205 standardization projects, including layout design optimization, upgrading of decoration plans and construction plans, standardized utilization of public facilities and materials. The Group originated 15 residential and 80 commercial apartment layouts; upgraded 65 residential and 39 commercial apartment layouts; and obtained 286 facade optimization and research achievements. The optimized product types are further standardized, and thus the designs are more tailored to the end-user market as well as housing improvement needs and the product types are further diversified. The approaches adopted in architectural design, material supply and construction methods function in an assembly-line style, and helped to shorten the design cycle, guarantee the design quality and improve development efficiency.
In addition, the Group actively pursued leading technologies globally by deepening strategic cooperation with Harvard University and Tsinghua University, partnering with Tsinghua University and British Building Research Establishment on green construction and carrying out feasibility study on smart home, residential air haze removal system and the central soft water purification system to enhance product 
The Group aggregately reduced RMB1.38 billion in construction costs and RMB280 million in operation expenses during the year by internal audit of 5,753 design solutions and 209 construction plans involving significant costs. The Group also reduced its procurement cost by RMB130 million as the procurement prices of decoration materials decreased by 1.5% as compared to the prices in 2014. The number of strategic partners increased by 119 to 748 during the year, which is expected to save procurement cost by approximately RMB300 million in 2016.

The diversified operations are taking shape. Our football and cultural operations have debuted on China s capital market, forming a new pattern centering on real estate and synergized by the diversified business arms.
After long-term preparation, the Group has completed the general offer for New Media (00708) and changed its board composition. With its name changed to Evergrande Health Industry Group Limited , the listed company is primarily engaged in a wide array of businesses including Internet + community health management, international hospitals, elderly care and rehabilitation and medical cosmetology.
During the year, the Group joined efforts with Tencent to complete subscription for 75% of the enlarged share capital in Mascotte (00136), which is owned by the Group as to 55% and Tencent as to 20% with its name changed to Hengten Networks . The Group will reengineer the existing Evergrande Community into an Internet community service platform in cooperation with Tencent, supported by three pillars including property management, neighborhood social networking and life services as well as two value-added segments namely online shopping and community finance.
In early November 2015, Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao Football Club Co., Ltd. ( Evergrande Taobao ), a joint venture of the Company, was listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations System, being the first football stock in Asia. As the most successful professional football club with the most powerful influence in Asia, Evergrande Taobao was highly sought after by investors. The initial financing proceeds amounted to approximately RMB870 million, suggesting a market capitalization of approximately 
In early December 2015, Evergrande Culture Industry Group Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, was listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations System and became the first integrated cultural stock in China . At present, the subsidiary operates 39 Evergrande cinemas with 273 screens and a licensed repertoire of 22,000 pieces of music. The listing will help the company further expand its development niche.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Under the new normal of China s economy, the Group upholds the philosophy of Put people first, serve the country through industry development and does its utmost to shoulder its social responsibility and create social value in an effort to achieve harmonious development between the Company and society. In the past 18 years, the Group has accumulatively provided high quality residential properties with good value for hundreds and thousands of households, and completed an aggregate GFA of more than 100 million square meters of various properties. While developing its business, the Group has also donated over RMB2.6 billion to charity. As at the end of 2015, the Group s projects under construction with a GFA of 58.618 million square meters provided about 1.3 million jobs for workers in China, making its due contribution to China s economic development and 
In 2015, the Group vigorously practiced what the state advocates and fulfilled its responsibility as a corporate citizen. In March, the Group donated RMB21.40 million to Guangdong Foundation for Poverty Alleviation. In June, the Group made a donation of RMB5 million to Henan Charity Foundation. In July, the Group donated RMB50 million to China Children and Teenagers Foundation. The foregoing actions once again demonstrated the Group s persistence and determination in poverty alleviation. In December, the Group pledged to, in a mission to assist and support Dafang County, Bijie, Guizhou, agree to donate RMB3 billion for poverty relief in three years and help lift the county out of poverty through five integral measures, namely industry development, relocation, employment, education development and provision of living allowance for the most 
To honor its corporate responsibility, the Group implements the operation philosophy of Properties for the People to protect the interests of house buyers and live up to its integrity and housing quality. In April 2015, the Group launched a policy to allow refund of pre-sales nationwide without any reason for a vast majority of its housing projects 
As for green buildings, the Group focuses on technological innovation and steps up its efforts in international strategic cooperation. In March 2015, the Group collaborated with Harvard University and Tsinghua University to establish the Green Building Research Base in China, and cooperated with the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development and Tsinghua University to launch research on Evergrande s green building standards and introduce the Criteria and Requirements of Evergrande Green Building Design in a joint effort to promote green building technology and its applications. Moreover, the Group signed the Sino-British Sustainable Urbanization Research Platform Agreement with Tsinghua University and Building Research Establishment (BRE) to carry out research on sustainable and energy-efficient green buildings.
The Group makes sustained contributions to China s sports industry as its Evergrande Football Club was again laurelled in Asia and obtained the fifth consecutive championship in the China Football Association Super League. Evergrande Football School, founded by the Group with an aim to cultivate football talents for the country, has over 2,600 students and has been certified by Guinness World Records as the world s largest soccer boarding school .

During the year, the Group won 15 national awards, ranking second among China s real estate companies for five consecutive years with a brand value of RMB32.067 billion which ranked first in the industry for six times. In the assessment of the Top 500 China Real Estate Developers organized by China Real Estate Research Association, China Real Estate Association and China Real Estate Appraisal Center, the Group ranked second among the Top 500 China Real Estate Developers in overall strength for the fifth consecutive year, ranked first among the Top 10 China Real Estate Developers in Comprehensive Development, the Top 10 China Real Estate Developers in City Coverage, the Top 10 China Real Estate Developers in Innovation Capability, the Top 10 China Real Estate Developers in Tourism Real Estate and the Top 10 China Real Estate Developers in Corporate Responsibility respectively, and was among the Top 10 China Real Estate Developers in Operational 
The Group was also awarded the designation as one of Top 10 China Real Estate Companies in Brand Value by TOP 10 China Real Estate Research Group, and ranked first in Most Attractive Listed Real Estate Companies for Investment for the fourth consecutive year. In the selection of 2015 Top 100 China Listed Real Estate Companies, the Group ranked second among the Top 10 China Listed Real Estate Companies and ranked first among Top China Real Estate Companies in Brand Value. In the selection of Excellent Board of Directors of China Listed Companies initiated and sponsored by China s most influential financial media the 21st Century, the Group won the award of Excellent Board of Directors of Hong Kong-listed Chinese Companies. The acquisition of all such awards showcases a unanimous social recognition of the Group governance structure, development model, operating results and social 
De-stocking for a more sustainable real estate market as explicitly put forward at the Central Economic Work Conference held in December 2015, together with the five key tasks for the Reform of the Supply Side elaborated at the twelfth meeting of the Central Leading Group on Financial and Economic Affairs held in February 2016, marked the initiation of the aforesaid reforms and ambition of the central government in 2016 to advance reforms fundamentally for a stable and healthy real estate market. In particular, an array of reform measures regarding accelerating urbanization, the household registration system, rural land transfer and abolishment of outdated administrative restrictions are expected to further boost the effectiveness of China s favorable policies and incentive system and drive higher quality and more sustainable development of China s economy and real estate sector in the coming decade.
Looking forward to 2016, the Board is of the view that under the new normal led by the Reform of the Supply Side, China s economy will maintain moderately rapid growth and long-term promising outlook with a stable real estate industry as an economic pillar, and the industry still enjoys ongoing and positive stimulus policies and measures aimed at encouraging house purchases such as reduction in down payment percentage, interest rate and reserve requirement ratio cuts and relaxation of housing provident fund withdrawal. Meanwhile, the real estate market will undergo radical evolutions driven by emerging trends such as restoration of the property inherent value, polarization of the market and financialization of the industry, and this historical process will be dominated by those enterprises with enormous resources and advanced management and 
Based on the research on the new normal of China s economy and the real estate industry, the Board will adopt comprehensive measures to optimize the regional layout of residential housing projects, to firmly strengthen sales and collection of sales proceeds, to put costs and expenses under tight control, to increase cash balance and profit margins, and to strictly control leverage ratio. The Board also strives to continuously improve profitability while maintaining stability and to facilitate diversified, quality and coordinated development by consolidating its principal real 
In 2016, the Group will further optimize the regional layout of its residential housing projects, acquire high quality projects in an enterprising, prudent and pragmatic fashion, and secure a leading position in terms of land reserves in the industry. The Group also puts greater emphasis on profitability improvement and quality and coordinated development for project expansion, and still focuses its regional layout on first- and second-tier cities especially in the central urban areas. Land acquisitions in the third-tier cities, however, will be carried out based on stricter quantifiable criteria to raise the gross profit margins of products. Cost-effective and efficient ways to acquire projects, such as mergers and acquisitions and cooperation in property development, will become the major means of 
As at 31 December 2015, the aggregate land premium of the Group amounted to RMB293.29 billion with RMB247.31 billion paid and RMB45.98 billion outstanding, of which RMB9.48 billion, RMB5.22 billion, RMB16.30 billion and RMB14.98 billion are scheduled to be paid in the first half of 2016, in the second half of 2016, in 2017 and in 2018 or 
The Group foresees a relatively loose policy environment with increasingly divergent regional markets in 2016. As such, the Group will follow the market trends, ensure adequate inventories, and focus on key project sales in key regions. In particular, the Group will continue to break down its annual sales target to the project level and initiate enough marketing activities from the beginning of the year so as to ensure the achievement of its annual sales target.
The Group has determined its contracted sales target in 2016 at RMB200 billion, 11.1% higher than its increased target in 2015. The Group has dozens of new residential projects available for sale, most of which are located in major cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Chongqing, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Chengdu and Dalian.
Based on the overall marketing strategy, the Group plans to market these projects by selectively prioritizing certain projects with appropriate timing. In addition, the Group has reserved several projects used for residential and commercial purposes and a large amount of stores and parking spaces in the residential projects, which are expected to supplement the contracted sales of the year.
As the Group continuously promotes the strategy of optimizing the regional layout of projects and substantially increases the added value of its products by upgrading supporting facilities, decoration standards and housing structures, the average transaction price for the year is expected to increase further. As to the specific pricing strategy, the Group will strike a balance between sales price and sales volume and between scale and gross profit to achieve positive growth for both. Sales targets are designated on a quarterly basis, and the sales results will be reviewed on a monthly basis. The monthly sales results are reported to shareholders and investors by voluntary announcements. Given the adequate inventories, strong execution capability and product advantages of the Group, the Board is very confident that the Group can achieve its full-year contracted sales target.

The Group will continue to maintain its steady financial policies, endeavor to raise the total amount of cash and maintain its net profit margin for its main operations. To accomplish this, the Group will further enhance the collection of sales proceeds, set reasonable sales price, increase the turnover of inventories, promote sales of commercial premises and continue to expand project cooperation.
Meanwhile, the Group will formulate more reasonable plans for commencement, completion and payment, and rationally control expenditures on land and construction.
With respect to capital arrangement, we have used the proceeds from issuance of corporate bonds and private bonds primarily to repay the existing debts to improve the debt structure and the remaining amount to replenish general working capital. The Group implemented strict payment management plans while leveraging diversified financing channels and managing the dynamic balance between capital inflow and outflow.
Along with the ease of monetary policy of the PRC central government, we are expecting more opportunities to finance in the future. We are exploring new channels of debt financing to lower our current debt ratio and borrowing 
With respect to the control of costs and expenses, the Group will continue to fully implement reforms of product upgrades and standardization to ensure product quality and reduce costs. The Group will also utilize new promotion channels to lower its selling expenses, develop leading SAP and ERP systems in the industry and make full use of information technology to further reduce operating 
The Board recommended a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2015 of RMB0.38 per share to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members on 22 June 2016. The final dividend will be paid on or before 4 July 
The payment of the final dividend is subject to the approval by the shareholders of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting.
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The annual general meeting of the Company will be held on Thursday, 16 June 2016. A notice convening the annual general meeting of the Company will be published and dispatched to the shareholders of the Company in the manner required by the Listing Rules in due course.
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the annual general meeting, the register of members of the Company will be closed from 14 June 2016 to 16 June 2016, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the annual general meeting, all transfers of shares, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s share registrar and transfer office, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712 1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 13 June 2016.
For determining the entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the register of members of the Company will be closed from 22 June 2016 to 24 June 2016, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the final dividend, all share transfers, accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company s share registrar and transfer office, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, Shops 1712 1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m.
on 21 June 2016.
PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY S LISTED SECURITIES During 2015, the Company had repurchased from the market a total of 1,923,313,000 shares. All the repurchased shares have been cancelled. The Directors believe that the repurchases of shares would lead to an enhancement of the net value of the Group and its assets andor its earnings per share. Details of the repurchases of the shares of the Company are as 
Month of repurchase 
July 2015 1,150,616,000 5.50 3.31 5,471,516,580 October 2015 115,827,000 5.69 5.18 630,095,260 November 2015 469,260,000 6.61 5.93 2,969,308,640 December 2015 187,610,000 6.81 5.90 1,227,824,400 
On 10 February 2015, the Company issued 12% senior notes due in 2020 with an aggregate principal amount of US$1,000 million. The notes are listed and traded on the Singapore Stock Exchange.
On 28 May 2015, the Company conducted a top-up placing of shares and an aggregate 820,000,000 new shares were placed at HK$5.67 per share.
Between June 2015 and July 2015, the Group issued domestic bonds with an aggregate principal amount of RMB20,000 million, of which RMB5,000 million has a term of five years and an interest rate of 5.38%, RMB6,800 million has a term of four years and an interest rate of 5.30%, and RMB8,200 million has a term of seven years and an interest rate of 6.98%.
In October 2015, the Group issued non-public domestic corporate bonds with an aggregate principal amount of RMB20,000 million, of which RMB17,500 million has a term of five years and an interest rate of 7.38%, and RMB2,500 million has a term of five years and an interest rate of 7.88%.
Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company s listed securities during the year ended 31 
Reference to the announcement made by the Company on 12 November 2015, the Group entered into an agreement with Great System Investment Limited to acquire a property at an aggregate consideration of HK$12,500 million. The property is located in Wanchai, Hong Kong. The transaction was completed in March 2016.
Reference to the announcement made by the Company on 2 December 2015, the Group entered into three agreements with New World Development (China) Limited to acquire three property development companies located in Hai Kou, Huiyang and Wuhan at considerations of RMB8,600 million RMB1,100 million and RMB3,800 million respectively. These transactions were completed in March 2016.
Reference to the announcement made by the Company on 29 December 2015, the Group entered into three agreements with Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Limited and its subsidiary to acquire three property development companies located in Qingdao, Shanghai and Beijing at considerations of RMB2,000 million RMB3,500 million and RMB7,600 million respectively. These transactions were completed in 
From 4 January 2016 to 8 January 2016, the Company has repurchased an aggregate of 127,665,000 of its own shares through the Stock Exchange, at a consideration of HK$822 million (equivalent to approximately RMB692 million). The shares have been cancelled after the repurchase.
On 11 January 2016, the Company issued 7.8%, three-year senior notes with an aggregated principal amount of US$400 million at the face value and 8%, four-year senior notes with an aggregated principal amount of US$300 million at the face value ( 2016 Senior Notes ). The net proceeds from 2016 Senior Notes amounted to approximately US$694 million (approximately equivalent to 
On 11 January 2016, a subsidiary of the Company issued 6.98%, four-year PRC bonds with an aggregated principal amount of RMB10,000 million at 100% of the face value.
In February and March 2016, the Group acquired 577,180,500 shares of a Hong Kong listed company, Shengjing Bank Co., Ltd ( Shengjing Bank ), which represented approximately 9.96% of the existing issued shares of Shengjing Bank.
MODEL CODE ON SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the Model Code ) set forth in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions conducted by the directors. Having made due and careful enquiries with the directors, the Company confirmed that for the year ended 31 December 2015, all directors always abided by the Model Code.
REVIEW OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
The Audit Committee of the Company consists of all of the independent non-executive directors of the Company, namely Mr. Chau Shing Yim, David, Mr. He Qi and Ms. Xie Hongxi. The Audit Committee assists the Board in providing an independent review of the completeness, accuracy and fairness of the financial statements of the Group, as well as the efficiency and effectiveness of the Group s operations and internal control. The Audit Committee has reviewed the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 
ANNOUNCEMENT OF FULL YEAR RESULTS ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE S WEBSITE AND THE COMPANY S WEBSITE The announcement of full year results have been published on the Company s website (http:www.evergrande.com) and the website appointed by the Stock Exchange (http: 
The steady development of the Group is owed to the trust and support of its shareholders, investors and business partners as well as the loyalty of our staff members. On behalf of the Board, I hereby express my heartfelt gratitude 
By Order of the Board Evergrande Real Estate Group Limited Hui Ka Yan 
Hong Kong, 29 March 2016 