Chairman s Statement On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ), I am pleased to present the annual report of China Infrastructure Machinery Holdings Limited (the Company or China Longgong ) for the year ended 31 December 2007.
REVIEW OF BUSINESS Thanks to the rapid growth of the China s economy, the overall business of the Company showed outstanding development with encouraging performance in 2007. The Company has successfully attained the targets set for 2007 in respect of manufacture and sales of loaders. In 2007, achievements of China Longgong included the followings: manufacture and sales of loaders, road rollers, excavators and fork lifts reached 29,000 units; quality and output of great-box, axle, hydraulic cylinder, gear, pipe and other parts improved significantly; the strategy of vertical integration had been implemented continually; export increased rapidly, and sales networks in Russia, Middle East, Australia and Africa had been successfully established and consolidated, expanding the market for our products; the Company announced that a one-year free warranty period would be provided for loaders from 18 December 2006 onwards, and such pioneering action in the industry not only will enhance the competitive strengths of China Longgong s products, but also raise the brand awareness and reputation of China Longgong; Longgong trademark has been honoured as a renowned trademark in China, and loaders of China Longgong was rated as brand products of China. The research and development capability of the Company was further strengthened in 2007. New products were launch successfully, including loaders and road rollers of several dozens of different models, bringing remarkable sales for the year. New products series of fork lifts and excavators were launched. In 2007, sales of fork lifts reached 1,000 units, which enabled the Company to occupy a favourable market position in logistics machinery sector. The Company also acquired Henan Zhenghou Baiyun Electric Company lWS-] }v_jlQS to form Henan Longgong, which allows the Company to occupy a strategic geographical location. In 2007, the Company conducted technology enhancements and expansion in Shanghai, Fujian, Jiangxi and Henan, laying a good foundation for the development of China Longgong in the coming years. The Company s overall strength has been significantly enhanced, with product sales, realized profits, tax paid and employee income hitting record high level. Both the management team and employees demonstrated full confidence and great passion.
Since its listing, China Longgong has strived to maintain transparency and improve standards of corporate governance. We have established and maintained good communication with our investors, who recognize the broad development strategies of the Company and are confident of the Company s 
For the year ended 31 December 2007, annual turnover of the Company was RMB5,308,624,000, up 42.8% over the corresponding period of the previous year. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB629,449,000.

In recent years, the economy of China has been growing rapidly with a strong upward trend, and purchasing power of the people has increased remarkably, constituting a favourable business environment for the future development of the Company. The nation is currently carrying out a number of large-scale projects, including Development of Western Regions, West-to-East Gas Transmission project, South-to-North Water Diversion project, Beijing 2008 Olympic Games and World Expo Shanghai 2010. In addition, during the period covered by the Eleventh Five-Year Plan, there are a number of infrastructure constructions involving railways, highways, energy, water conservancy and hydropower, urbanization and new construction projects in rural areas. All these projects will bring new opportunities for the development of China s construction machinery industry and provide enormous potential of development to China Longgong.
China Longgong has been dedicated to forming its core competence, and has secured a number of outstanding competitive advantages: a leading market position and brand awareness; strategic geographical locations; the operation model of vertical integration; a powerful distribution and service network covering the whole nation; strong research and development capabilities; the advantage of a high performance-price ratio for its products; experienced management team and effective operation mechanism. The Company will make the best of its existing competitive advantages to strengthen every details of its value chain from research and development to purchasing, manufacture, sale, service and end-users, making it extend and develop to the largest extent. The Company will also carry out effective control on costs of administration, purchasing, operation, etc., so as to improve its operating efficiency and grasp every opportunity to obtain impressive results in industry consolidation and future development.

In order to ensure the future sustainable development of the Company, we have formulated a diversified strategy focusing on construction machinery, with emphasis on cost control, improvement of production capacity, enhancement of research and development of our products, expansion of new markets, expansion of sales and service network, and development of overseas market. Our aim is to become one of the global leading manufacturers of construction machinery through continuous growth and improvement of profitability.
Cost control. The Company mitigates cost pressure brought by rise in costs of raw materials through economies of scale and improvement of internal management so that the gross profit margin of the Company will maintain at a leading level in the industry.
Expansion and improvement of production capacity. The Company has expanded the production capacity of two production bases, which occupy the strategic geographical locations of Shanghai and Fujian, so as to cope with the market demand for the Company s products and achieve cost reduction by taking advantage of economies of scale. It is expected that at the end of 2008, annual production capacity of loaders will reach 40,000 units, road construction machines will reach 1,000 units, excavators will reach 3,000 units, fork lifts will reach 10,000 units and harvesting machines will reach 10,000 
Enhancement of product research and development. The Company will increase its investment in technology research institutes, and engage more professionals to join our research and development team. It will also strengthen its cooperation with international professional institutions and renowned universities in order to develop more loaders, road rollers, excavators, forklifts and other machinery products that meet the various needs of our customers, bringing more series and diversification for 
Market expansion for new products. New products including excavators and fork lifts are new sources of growth for the future development of China Longgong. The Company will strengthen its efforts to expand the market for these products. It will also continue to increase the market share of these products and increase their gross profit margin.
Intensifying establishment of distribution and after-sales service network. In order to obtain more market shares, the Company will continue to increase investment in its distribution and service network, encourage and support the distribution agents to grow and develop and become our exclusive sales agents and loyal partners. The Company will also expand sales service network of excavators and fork 
Expansion of overseas markets. After batch export of the Company s products in 2007, our products have won recognition of overseas distribution agents and customers, which have boosted our confidence to take part in the international competition. The Company will actively carry out research and development on new products that meet the demands of various overseas markets, and establish a sound overseas distribution agent network. The Company will promote the Longgong brand to the global market making use of the high performance-price ratio of our products and our excellent service and attain the leap-forward development of our overseas business.
We are honoured to have a professional Board, an experienced and diligent management team, and industrious and intelligent employees. I wish to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all directors and employees for their assiduous efforts. We will do our utmost to recruit talents to realize the sustainable development of China Longgong.
As always, China Longgong will strive to become a leading manufacturer in construction machinery industry, attain sustainable growth and maintain profitability, and exert all our efforts to create the greatest value for our customers and bring the best returns to our shareholders.
Li San Yim 
25 March 2008 