Chairman s Statement 
Dear shareholders and investors, On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the annual Chairman s Statement of Lonking Holdings Limited ( China Lonking or Lonking ) for the year ended 31 December 2013.
Business Review for 2013 In 2013, the macro-economy was still complex and unstable both at home and abroad. Having exhibited paltry recovery though, the overall demand across the construction machinery market remained sluggish.
The construction machinery industry in China was challenged by the declining demand, severe overcapacity, rising trade receivables and many other issues. The industry was undergoing intensive adjustment, and most construction machinery manufacturers were struggling on the path of transformation and upgrading.
In 2013, all the employees of Lonking confronted the risks with proactive adjustment, positive response, foundation consolidation and stricter risk control. All the employees worked in unison to implement feasible measures, emphasizing risk control, focusing on integration and consolidating the foundation for corporate development. After the self-adjustment and reform in 2012 and 2013, Lonking was the first in the industry to be out of the crisis. Against the backdrop of a severely weakened industry, Lonking achieved satisfying results with positive growth in sales revenue and substantial increase in profits. The majority of the Company s key financial indicators vastly surpassed the industry average. In particular, the risk of trade receivables was basically under control. In addition, through adjustment and integration, Lonking achieved notable results in various aspects, including raising gross profit margin and reducing the three expenses; moreover, the morale and confidence of agents, suppliers and employees in terms of development were greatly boosted, and the entire institutional establishment and the implementation of culture cultivation progressed in an orderly manner. Generally, the most difficult time was behind Lonking, and Lonking consolidated its development foundation and reserved its resources for development through adjustment, thus becoming prepared to restore its glory.
Having enjoyed a golden decade of high-speed development in the construction machinery industry and having also suffered from the difficulties during the intensive adjustment across the industry, employees of Lonking had proved their wisdom and courage with practice in overcoming difficulties during the challenging process; at the same time, we had built stronger confidence in our future development. Our confidence came from the following aspects: 1. Twenty years of development has forged Lonking s unique edges in reputation among users, quality, services, price-performance ratio, profitability and culture, etc. and cultivated its strong core competence. 2. After several rounds of adjustments in the construction machinery industry, both Lonking and its network of agents and suppliers have become more mature, calmer and healthier. 3.
Although in the absence of significant growth in the construction machinery industry in the near future, China s construction machinery industry is still promising thanks to its overall scale; and the stable macro environment will be conducive to Lonking and to the integration of the industry. 4. Lonking is the first to complete the current round of adjustment in the industry and is equipped with optimal foundations and conditions to restore its glory. 5. More importantly, we have a management team and a cadre of staff members who are reliable, dedicated and motivated.

Outlook for 2014 In 2014, the Chinese government has set the GDP growth target at around 7.5%, and no large-scale economic stimulus policies will be introduced. However, the central government has also explicitly pledged to maintain the sustainability and stability of China s economy. In our opinion, the overall level of infrastructure construction in China will stay as it is used to be, nevertheless, there is a great potential in regional economy, construction of small towns and water conservancy construction, and the Chinese construction machinery products will gain wider recognition from the international market and demand for those products will increase constantly. The overall demand for construction machinery in China remains huge, and the lion s share of the market remains untouched. Therefore, the prospect in the construction machinery industry is neither optimistic nor pessimistic.
Lonking must strive to accomplish the following key tasks: 1. Making utmost efforts in developing the domestic and international markets.
The 2014 master plan for work of the Board of Lonking proposes to control risk strictly and flexibly, and maintain a stable development with comprehensive optimization of indicator ; and sets forth the growth targets and performance indicators for wheel loaders, forklifts, excavators, road rollers and various core parts and components, requires the four segments of whole machinery products and the accessories business to take the initiatives to grasp opportunities, and utilize Lonking s advantages in its institution, system and policies, so as to find ways to raise its market share. In respect of the domestic market: wheel loaders, especially those with a capacity over 3 tonnes, should strive to regain a leading position in the industry; the forklift business should increase by a larger margin; the excavator business should change its commercial model in order to find a way with controllable risks and that is appropriate for the development of Lonking; road rollers should place more emphasis on the transformation and upgrading of products, so as to enhance contributions; under the feeble market demand, we should step up our efforts in the marketing of accessories and services. In respect of the international market, we should continue to solidify the foundation of the overseas market, further develop the overseas market and service networks, striving to gain a substantial increase in the sales revenue of overseas business in 2014, thus making significantly higher contributions to the Group.
2. Firmly establishing the principles on cost and quality, and building the core competence in 
The current position of Lonking in the industry is attributable to its core competence in price- performance ratio, which is surely a critical factor for the success in future competition. Therefore, it is imperative for us to firmly establish the principles on cost and quality, and provide customers with products having optimal price-performance ratio. We will continue to raise gross profit margin 
through the integration of procurement and transportation; continue to reduce expenses, inventory and trade receivables; continue to optimize capital mix; further emphasize and make great efforts in R&D to launch new products that accommodate the needs of the market; and further raise the standard of workmanship to continue improving product quality.
Since its listing, Lonking has strived to maintain transparency and improve standards of corporate governance.
We have maintained good communication with our investors. We are willing and hope to keep a closer tie with more investors, and strengthen interaction to promote sound development of the Company.
We are honoured to have a professional Board, an experienced and diligent management team, and industrious and intelligent employees. I wish to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all directors and employees for their assiduous efforts.
It is our firm belief that Lonking will be the first to stand out in the intensive adjustment across the industry and achieve better results in 2014. We will make utmost efforts to become a leading manufacturer in the construction machinery industry, attain sustainable growth and maintain profitability, and exert all our efforts to create the greatest value for our customers and bring the best returns to our shareholders.
Li San Yim Chairman of the Board 26 March 2014 
