Chairman s Statement Mr LI Chao Wang, Chairman, addresses guests at the ceremony celebrating Grand Completion of our Jiangmen plant of 120,000 tonnes of 
I am pleased to present to the shareholders of Vinda International Holdings Limited ( Vinda International or the Company ) the annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2008. In 2008, the Group recorded significant growth in business, as evidenced by a leap in turnover and a significant improvement in profitability. During the year, the Company s audited turnover was HK$2,424,044,090, representing an increase of 36.4% over the previous year (2007: HK$1,777,721,432). Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$ 165,911,568, representing an increase of 111.7% over the previous year (2007: HK$78,357,059). Basic earnings per share were HK$ 18.4 cents, representing an increase of 78.6% over the previous year (2007: HK$10.3 cents). The Board of Directors (the Board ) has proposed a final dividend of HK4.6 cents in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2008 to all the shareholders.

In the first half of 2008, the economic and business environment in the People s Republic of China (the PRC ) was hardly hit by the heavy snowstorm in the central and western parts of China and the earthquake catastrophe happened in Wenchuan, Sichuan in May. Nevertheless, the Group s 2008 annual results reported strong growth despite the natural disasters. Vinda is relatively resilient as compared to companies in other industries since we are engaged in the fast moving consumer goods industry and the demand for household paper products mainly comes from the domestic market. This, coupled with the continuous improvement in the living standard of Chinese people, drove the constant growth of the household paper industry in the PRC. In addition, the production capacity newly added in 2007 operated efficiently during the year and generated sales income to the Group. Lastly, implementation of the price increase policy on all products and the trend of pulp cost which turned from stable to decline therein in the third quarter of the year further lifted the profitability of the Group.
Following the commencement of operation of the production bases in Longyou, Zhejiang Province and Jiangmen, Guangdong Province at the end of last year after fine-tuning, the Group s total production capacity has reached 300,000 tons by the end of year 2008, which helped us achieve the strategic goal of expanding production capacity and establishing a multi-point layout and further exploit the advantages of economy of scale. Leveraging the positive brand image of Vinda , the Group established strategic partnership with NBA during the year to develop a new sports series under the NBA title. The association with NBA s international, professional and high standard image has further uplifted Vinda s brand influence. Through a series of marketing activities collaborated with NBA s marketing resources, the Group has actively promoted sales of NBA series products and good market response was received.
During the year, management of the Group demonstrated outstanding organisation skills and strong capability in dealing with emergencies. Vinda Paper (Sichuan) Co., Limited, a subsidiary of the Group, resumed production within two weeks immediately after the Wenchuan Earthquake. In view of the effect on global economy resulted from the financial tsunami happened in the second half of the year, the management analyzed the economic and market situations in a timely manner, adjusted the procurement strategy and reduced the pulp inventory prior to the downward trend of pulp prices began, and thereby effectively reducing the costs.
The Group made remarkable achievements in brand building in 2008. Specifically, the Group was named as A Major Renowned Export Enterprise in Guangdong Province to be Fostered and Developed from 2007 to 2010 and was granted the Top Ten Leading Enterprises of China Cailun Award by China Paper Industry Chamber of Commerce, which is a prestigious and authoritative award in the paper industry of the PRC. According to a research by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, by the end of year 2007, toilet roll produced by Vinda ranked No. 1, the seventh years in a roll, in sales volume among the same product category in domestic market. In 2008, the Group also won several awards in Hong Kong, including Creditworthy Enterprise , Top Ten Brands and Most Favoured Paper for Hong Kong Families . All of these accolades are testaments to the Group s representative and leading position in the paper industry of the PRC.
The Group has been devoted to our responsibilities of corporate citizenship by actively participating in commonwealth and environmental protection activities. In respect of commonwealth, Vinda teamed up with NBA China to launch the 1 Fen 1 Pack education funding program through China Charity Federation. The Group, together with a shareholder SCA, donated more than RMB 1.5 million to Wenchuan Earthquake victims. In respect of environmental protection, the Group invested a total of more than RMB 30 million upgrading the environmental facilitates. Currently, the average water consumption of the Group for producing one ton of paper was close to the international standard level. The energy saving and discharge reduction plan for paper production lines proposed by our Jiangmen subsidiary during the year was accredited by All-China Federation of Trade Unions as Outstanding Optimization Proposal for Energy Saving and Discharge Reduction of PRC Employees and was well promoted and applied within the Group. The Group believes that shouldering social responsibilities is an important means for achieving sustainable corporate development, and is helpful in establishing a good corporate image, forming the enterprise s intangible assets and eventually improving the Group s competitiveness and reputation.
The Group always adopts a prudent and stable financing policy and strives to control the gearing ratio. Currently, the Group has a strong balance sheet and sufficient financial resources. Gearing ratio is maintained at a reasonable level.
The Group s core operations and majority of the assets are based in Mainland China, and are primarily denominated in RMB, thus it has no significant exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. During the year, there were no material acquisitions or disposals of any assets of its subsidiaries.
Prospect and Strategy The Group has raised adequate funds for future development through its listing in 2007. On the one hand, the management will adhere to the development blueprint of scale operation and multi-point production, on the other hand, under the prevailing economic situation, we will adopt a prudent and pragmatic approach to gradually facilitate capacity expansion projects in the future, so as to ensure the realization of economy of scale.
Looking ahead to 2009, although the economic prospect is far from satisfactory, the Group is well-prepared for the challenges. Vinda s unrivalled industry position, the sufficient cash flows and the fall of international raw material prices are all important factors for turning crisis into opportunity. In respect of the household paper sector, the consumption per capita of household paper products in China is still low and market potential is tremendous. The expected elimination of more small-scale paper manufacturing plants resulted from the implementation of new sewage discharge standards in the PRC is favourable to market consolidation. Therefore, the management team and I are confident that we will be able to seize every opportunity to turn crisis into opportunity and are well-prepared in this regard.
In October 2008, the Group made great efforts in strengthening the management structure and enhancing the management skills. The Group has recruited marketing talents who are experienced in the fast moving consumables industry and set up a new senior marketing team for the formulation of clear marketing plans. In 2009, the Group will further strengthen the distribution network, penetrate and expand into the end market through our Dual Brands strategy. 2009 is set to be Marketing Year , the Group will reinforce the existing distribution channels through the introduction of the Ten Measures . Furthermore, the production capacity added in 2008 will provide considerable support for our operation. I believe that the Group will certainly continue to create new values for the shareholders in the coming year with strong support from the dedicated management and excellent employees.
I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all the shareholders, customers and business partners of the Group for their constant trust and support, and to the management and employees of the Group for their full commitment and hard work. I believe that we will certainly be able to share another harvest season in 2009 with the hard work of all employees of Vinda International.
LI Chao Wang 
Jiangmen, PRC , 7 April 2009 