REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
I am glad to present the fi rst annual report of Evergrande Real Estate Group Limited since our listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Revenue and gross profi t of the Group for the year were RMB5.72 billion and RMB1.95 billion respectively, or a year-on-year growth of 58.4% and 31.8%, net profi t increased by 77.8% to RMB1.12 billion. Profi t attributable to shareholders amounted to RMB1.05 billion, earnings per share amounted to RMB0.07.
Majority of above results were historic high compared with the corresponding period, we carried out our commitment to shareholders and investors made at the time of our listing.
In order to reciprocate the trust and support of shareholders, the Board of Directors proposed to distribute a fi nal dividend of RMB0.7 cents for 2009, and it will be distributed upon approval in the general meetings of shareholders of the Group.

In 2009, the Group continued with the standardised operational model of quality properties and integrated centralised management style. As a result, multiple fold increase was achieved in several business and financial indicators, milestone was achieved in the corporate development area, and our leading position in the real estate sector of China was further strengthened.
The Group achieved historic breakthrough. The Group achieved contracted sales amount of approximately RMB30.3 billion for the year, a year-on-year growth of 402.3%, the GFA of contracted sales was approximately 5.637 million square meters, a year-on-year growth of 396.5%; revenue and gross profit for the year amounted to approximately RMB5.72 billion and approximately RMB1.95 billion respectively, or a year-on-year growth of 58.4% and 31.8% respectively, net profit attributable to shareholders increased by 98.1% to RMB1.05 billion; total cash (including cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash) amounted to RMB14.38 billion, a year-on-year growth of 649.0%.
Successful listing of the Group set the milestone in the corporate brand building. From the beginning of 2009, the Group quickly leveraged the gradual heating up of the property market, and immediately adjusted the business strategy, obtaining excellent results of RMB30.3 billion in contracted sales. Besides, the Group captured the best opportunity of the capital market and was successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 5 November 2009. The Evergrande brand became a household name in China, the recognition and reputation of the brand reached an unprecedented level.

The Group adopted a forward-looking strategy and focused on building up a land reserve in capital cities of those provinces in China with high economic growth, huge potential of property prices appreciation. As of the end of 2009, the Group had 57 real estate projects in 25 major cities in China, and a land reserve of 54.98 million square meters high quality and low cost land for large scale development in the coming 5 years.
The Group continued to put emphasis on those Chinese cities with high growth and those zones with beautiful environment, good planning and well developed transportation network and great potential of land prices appreciation and obtained a large land reserve of high quality and low cost land. During the year, we acquired 13 land plots in 9 cities in China, including Chongqing, Xi an, Taiyuan, Hefei, Changsha etc, the GFA of the land reserve increased by 13.08 million square meters. While we continued to strengthen the national strategic location chart of properties, we entered new markets of Nanchang, Shijiazhuang, Haikou during the year to effectively captured the rapid growth of emerging markets.
PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT AND SALES As at the beginning of 2009, the Group captured the rapid re-heating up of the market and quickly adjusted the marketing strategies and intensity of development to ensure continuous supply for the escalating sales figure. The marketing philosophy of Launching of sales at cost of the Group was deeply rooted among people, the launch of real landscape, good decoration and completed buildings also helped us to achieve sales and breakthrough in growth. The contracted sales amount reached RMB30.3 billion, a year- on-year growth of 402.3%, of which RMB27.64 billion were scheduled to be completed in 2010; the GFA of contracted sales were 5.637 million square meters for the year, a year- on-year growth of 396.5%; the average selling price of the year was RMB5,375 per square meters, of which the average selling price was RMB6,157 per square meters for December 2009, a substantial increase of 54.7% from RMB3,979 per square meters of January 2009. During the year, the Group delivered 25 projects, the total amount of properties delivered for the year was RMB5.04 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 44.4%; the total area of properties delivered for the year was 0.88 million square meters, representing a year-on-year increase of 147.8%; as at the end of 2009, the Group had a total of 41 projects under construction, or 16.48 million square meters of saleable area under construction; 32 projects for sale, 13 projects pending for sale, and we are well prepared for continuous sales in 
As usual, the Group adhered to prudent financial management, adopted stable financial policies, emphasised on the maintenance of high liquidity and availably of funds.
During the year, the funding structure of the Group was further optimised by the proceeds from the IPO of HKD3.19 billion. At the same time, the excellent results of property sales of the year further strengthened the financial position of the Group. As at the end of 2009, the Group was at net cash position. The Group had total cash (including cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash) of RMB14.38 billion, representing an increase of 649%, and total bank loan of RMB14.18 billion. At the same time, the unutilised bank facilities were RMB20.45 billion and collectable contracted sales were RMB5.70 billion. The stable financial management policy and adequate financial resources enhanced the healthy rapid growth of the Group.
BUSINESS PHILOSOPHY AND BRAND 
In 2009 the Group adopted stable operation, summit conquering as the guidelines, adhering to integrated centralised management as well as standardised operational model of quality products, continued to strengthen the strategic alliance with domestic and overseas top brands, thus the quality and brand image of our products were continuously enhanced. Given the excellent brand and high quality of our properties, the properties of the Group were sought after in the market and were granted various awards in China. According to the announcement of China Real Estate Value Ranking in September 2009, the brand value of the Group amounted to RMB6.75 billion.
MANAGEMENT TEAM AND MANAGEMENT 
The Board is of the opinion that our excellent management team and advanced management style contributed greatly to the success of the Group. The management team always has insights and sophisticated plans in the areas of human resources and human resources system to achieve economy of scale and enhance brand image of the Group for long term benefit. As at the end of 2009, the Group had a total of 8,559 employees, of which 90% employees of the property development stream were graduates with university degree or above, and formed a highly educated team of young and high quality staff.
The Group adopted the best management style among constructs in China. We adopted integrated centralised management to ensure unified management of regional companies, and implemented strict target planning management on full scale.
The insightful strategic decisions and sound execution capability of the management team can help the Group to maintain long term steady and rapid development; at the beginning of 2009 in particular, the management team of the Group promptly responded to the rapid heating up of the real estate market in China, and made decisive adjustments in development and construction and sales plans. At the same time, they employed the fast mode in several projects were launched 6 months after the lands 
The Board understands that to protect and utilize corporate resources and create value for shareholders is the first priority of an enterprise to sustain. The Board therefore committed to improve the standard of corporate governance, and keep enhancing our profitability and ability for sustainable growth. In 2009, the Group had made great achievement in standardizing our management, strengthening internal monitor system and cost control, increasing the overall transparency of the Company and perfecting the corporate internal control mechanism and risk management of the 
In additions, the Group emphasizes on the transparency and efficiency of information disclosure, it employs various methods, such as monthly sales briefing and monthly communications, sales results release conference, investors meetings, to deliver comprehensive information such as the latest development strategies, development progress, sales results and market prospects of the Group to the public.
The board believes that, the efforts mentioned above could help us maximize our financial performance, so as to maximize the value of our shareholders and implement the strong and sustainable development strategies of the Group.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES 
The Group pursues Corporate Social Responsibility philosophy, and actively assumed social responsibilities, devoted its best efforts in charity activities in livelihood, sports and environmental protection, worked hard to foster social harmony and progress and a win-win development.
During the year, the Group launched the Evergrande Ten Thousand Charity Walk ( 0{sNNa f,N_P-N W 0HaU,NL) event together with China Foundation For Poverty Alleviation (-N WvbWg) under the theme of Your love warms up the hearts of ten thousand people .
The Group made a donation of RMB30 million for this event, and thus provided funds for the emergency assistance to an aggregate of 10,000 people under ten categories of specially Poor People such as Specially Poor Orphan, Specially Poor Elderly, Specially Poor Farmers etc. That event was the largest charity activity of China Poverty Relief Foundation in 2009 in terms of significances and donation amount, and it was named by that foundation as the benchmark event of social involvement.
During the year the Group was ranked among the top ten in the sector in the Top 10 Property Developers of China , announced by China Real Estate Top 10 Research Group for the sixth consecutive years. Regarding the building up of a sense of corporate citizen, the Group was awarded China Real Estate Enterprises with Sense of Social Responsibility ( 0-N W?b0W"ut>ygNaOmi 0) and Annual Enterprise with Social Contribution Award ( 0t>yg{sOmi'YNs 0) .
As for the aspects of business operation and investment value, the Group was awarded Top Ten Operational Efficiency ( 0KqHesTop 10 0) and Top Ten Growth ( 0bw'Top 10 0) of the China Top Hundred Real Estate Enterprises as well as The Best Ten Listed Companies ( 0AS 
NlQS 0) of 2009 Real Estate Annual Overall Ranking.
The above awards demonstrated that our achievement in the corporate social responsibility, internal control and brand building was highly recognized among the society.

2010 is a year of continuity of the past efforts and extension into the future. The Group will continue the development philosophy of New starting point, new philosophy, new mindset, new standard , and seek more breakthrough at a higher development perspective to further strengthen our leading position in the real estate sector of China.
The Group will continue to stay in capital cities to capture the development opportunities of districts and regions with high economic growth any time, and will obtain sizeable, high quality and low cost land reserve with flexible methods, and to achieve low costs of land reserve and sustainability of 
The Group will continue to optimize the standardisation with refinement to cover the entire sector chain, to ensure the successful development and sales of each project. As for product strategies, we at here to a rich residential product with for development by rotation in the future 3-5 years, the reasonable ratio of 1:7:2 for high-end, mid-end and mid-high-end and tourist properties in order to cover the maximum consumer groups. Regarding brand strategy, we maintain our quality, brand strategy, and we will continue to expand, strengthen the existing brand alliance, strictly implement standards of best-in-class properties, maintain the leading position in terms of the product quality in the sector. Concerning development strategies, we will continue to implement the fast mode development quality, strive for simultaneous enhancement in growth rate and quality of 
The Group will continue to uphold prudent financial management, stress the stability of finance, availability of funds and liquidity, and will strictly control various costs by a combination of different methods and will increase the rate of utilization and rate of returns of funds. We will maintain more than RMB4 billion unrestricted cash, the target gearing ratio below 40%, the gross profit margin between 30%-40%, the net margin not less than 15%, the targetal EBITDA interest coverage ratio not less than 5.0 times for the whole year. At the same time, we will explore several channels of financing, leverage on the domestic and overseas financing platforms and further strengthen our funding base. In January 2010, the Group successfully issued USD750,000,000 senior notes, and repaid in full the remaining structured secured loan of approximately USD290 million which would mature in October 2010 in advance so as to achieve a more reasonable percentage of long-term and 
The Board is of the view that the real estate market of China will face more complexity and policy factors in 2010 with the gradually resuming rapid macro economy growth, acceleration of urbanisation, inflation expectation, increased supply of land, increase in the proportion of government subsidised housing etc will support the sector to maintain steady and faster development, while the macro fine tuning measures including credit, industry and taxation fine tuning policies brought by the pressure of inflation and property price increase will exert certain impact upon the market, we do not rule out the possibility of transitional and partial volatility in the real estate market amid the overall stable 
The Board believes that there is no fundamental change in the substantive factors for the long term positive direction of the real estate sector in China. In spite of certain volatility to be faced by the sector in the short run, the long term development remains healthy, the Board is confident in the development prospects of the Group. After several years of hard work with good development foundation and conditions, the Group has already become a leader in quality properties in standardized operation in China. The strong business result growth in the past year well indicates the capability and strength of the Group.
For 2010, challenges and opportunities co-exist, the Board is highly confident in obtaining excellent results once again. We planned to achieve an increase of over 20% in contracted sales amount for 2010 compared with the same period of 2009, and we will review sales target each month and adjust development and sales plans in response to the ever changing market situations in a timely manner.
The Board believes that with our forward-looking strategies and solid foundation of presence throughout China, rich industry experience, strong brand and financial strength, continuous hard work and ever changing innovation, the Group will certainly be able to make new breakthrough in various indicators and continue to maintain our leading position in quality properties in China under standardized 
The steady development of the businesses of Evergrande has always been given trust and support from all the shareholders, investors and business partners as well as the loyalty of all members of staff, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I express heartfelt gratitude.
Hui Ka Yan 
Hong Kong, 12 April 2010 