Chairman s Statement 
Far East Horizon Limited Chairman of the Board 
On behalf of Far East Horizon Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I am pleased to present our annual results for the year ended 31 December 2014 to all our shareholders.
The global economy saw an unbalanced development in 2014.
The US economy continued its recovery with gradual tapering of quantitative easing policy, while other developed economies underwent an economic downturn coupled with mounting pressure.
In China, economic development has entered the state of new normal . On one hand, the economic growth rate decelerated from top gear to normal speed; and on the other hand, industrial upgrading and structural optimisation have become normality, with the driving force of elements and investments gradually going innovation-oriented. Meanwhile, China also deepened reform of its financial sector, and made substantial breakthroughs in financial innovation such as interest rate liberalization, RMB internationalization and gradual deregulation of its capital market.
With the full support and guidance of China s national industrial policies, all types of fundings have been entering the financial leasing industry, serving and supporting real economy development in a more effective manner. In the long term, we believe that, with gradual deepening of industrial restructuring and upgrading of China s economy, the financial leasing industry will experience a more sustained, healthy and stable development.
In 2014, the Group continued to adopt the innovative development model characterized by an organic and effective combination of finance and industries , actively implemented the business strategy of vigorously promoting the growth and innovation of traditional businesses and striving to improve the allocation of assets and service capability of industrial operations which was formulated at the beginning of the year, and prudently implemented well-designed business plans to achieve more remarkable results. Thanks to the concerted efforts made by our staff, the Group achieved all objectives set at the beginning of the year, delivering another record high operating results despite the negative impact of the external environment.
As at the end of 2014, total assets of the Group exceeded RMB110.0 billion, up by approximately 28% from the beginning of the year. Net profit attributable to holders of ordinary shares amounted to RMB2.296 billion for the year, representing a year-on- year increase of 20%. Meanwhile, asset quality of the Group remained stable and the provision coverage ratio was maintained at approximately 220%, achieving our targets to maintain asset security and healthy business growth. These achievements would not have been possible without the long-term strong support from our shareholders and business partners as well as diligent efforts made by our management team and all staff. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to extend our sincere gratitude to each and every one of them.

With the ultimate goal of maximising shareholders value in mind, the Board spared no efforts to enhance its corporate governance capability and optimise the management system of the Company. In accordance with the requirements of Corporate Governance Code of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company convened a total of four regular Board meetings in 2014 to consider and approve issues on the annual results, interim results, strategic planning report, annual operating budgets and the remuneration and incentive schemes of the Company. The Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Strategy and Investment Committee under the Board all exercised their rights and performed their duties authorised by the Board in respect of enhancement of internal control capability, optimisation of the remuneration and incentive systems and improvement of corporate development strategies.
Looking forward to 2015, the landscape of the global economy will remain complicated and mixed, and China s economic development will maintain its theme of promoting steady growth and making structural adjustments . Facing such opportunities and challenges and adhering to the operation concept of integrated industry operation services , the Group will strive to enhance the profitability and asset security of its financial leasing business and other traditional financial business, proactively promote the development of industrial operation businesses including hospital investment and management and operating lease, enhance industrial service and management capabilities as well as resources allocation capability, and strive to fulfill all the operating budget objectives approved by the Board for 2015, so as to create greater value for all our shareholders, all sectors of the community and our employees as well.
Far East Horizon Limited 
Chairman of the Board 25 March 2015 
