Chairman s Statement 
The Group gathers global resources to focus on the demand of the PRC s industrial customers, and provides full support to the customers development and promotes the industrial and economic development of the country with its eff ort in persistent 
In 2010, challenges prevailed notwithstanding the recovery of the global economy. The weakening US dollar has indirectly pushed up the general prices of production materials around the world, and developing countries were exposed to signifi cant risk of imported infl ation. The sovereign debt crisis in Europe, global trade wars and the elevated exchange rate wars have also retarded the recovery speed of the global economy. In 2010, favorable and unfavorable factors prevailed in the global economic recovery, but China s economy has maintained a strong and stable growth, and China has played a leading role in the recovery of global economy.
The financial leasing industry in China maintained a rapid growth during the year. The total transaction volume of the financial leasing market for the year exceeded RMB420 billion, representing a growth of approximately 50% as compared with 2009.
Retrospective of the year 2010, with the unremitting hard work and the eff orts in innovation of all the employees of the Group, we have expanded our business to the whole country. The Group faced a complicated and evolving business environment in 2010.
Notwithstanding this, by adhering to our established business strategy of providing industry-focused integrated services and taking specific measures to further streamline our marketing structure, increase customer coverage, strengthen market expansion, enhance brand profile, and expand sub-segments of the existing market and by continuously enhancing our competitive edge in diff erentiation, the Group has achieved all the objectives of the its strategies during the year.
As at the end of 2010, the Group recorded an increase in revenue of US$115,547,000, or 54.67%, from the same period of last year to US$326,909,000. The profi t before tax increased by US$43,963,000, or 49.19%, from the same period of last year to US$133,328,000.
As at the end of 2010, the total assets of the Group amounted to US$3.824 billion, representing an increase of US$1.740 billion or 83.50% as compared with the corresponding period of last year.
For asset quality, the Group has adhered to its conservative risk management policy. As at the end of 2010, the non-performing assets ratio of lease receivables decreased from 1.20% as of last year to 0.99%. Meanwhile, the provision coverage ratio rose from 109.38% as of 2009 to 116.38% in 2010, which allowed the overall asset quality of the Group to be maintained at a better level.
The Group continued to enhance the corporate governance standard in 2010 by establishing and improving its governance system, according to the requirements of the Code on Corporate Governance Practices of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 
Looking forward to 2011, momentum behind the global economy s recovery is expected to continue despite the weaker economic growth in developed economies. Unemployment rates and the probability of a sovereign debt crisis in certain countries still remain relatively high, as well as the pressure of inflation continues to exist, which all bring uncertainties to the progress of recovery.

As for the domestic macro economy, in the fi rst year of the 12th Five Year Plan Period, the Chinese government will continue to implement proactive fi scal policies and prudent monetary policies. It is expected that the gross domestic product (GDP) will maintain a higher growth rate. Meanwhile, it should be noted that, under the macro environment where the liquidity continuously shrinks and the overall growing speed of the economy is appropriately slowed down, the developing pace of certain industries will be accordingly slowed down, which will aff ect the growing speed of our new business in such industries and the stability of our asset quality in a certain extent.
With the implementation of the 12th Five Year Plan, the sustainable development of the economy in China, the stable monetary policies, the further optimization of the economic structure, the rapid progress of the urbanization and industrialization, and the stable development of the six industries that the Group operated in, factors including the immature financial leasing industry in China and the strong demand for financial services from small and medium enterprises will together provide an excellent external environment for the stable development of the Group s businesses.
On 30 March 2011, the Group listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange through the initial public off ering of new shares.
In view of this new starting point, the Group will, by adhering to its established business strategy of providing industry-focused integrated services, make more eff ort to refi ne the existing industries, continue to explore new industrial segments and expand its integrated business. In the meantime, the Group will continue to adopt its conservative risk management policy, in order to ensure the healthy and stable development of its business on an on-going basis.
Last but not least, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders, customers, management and staff of the Company. I hope that we will have your continuous care and support, while our management and all staff will adhere to our belief and keep working hard to contribute to the success of the Company on the new starting point.
Far East Horizon Limited Chairman of the Board 
31 March 2011 