Chairman s Statement 
Far East Horizon Limited Chairman of the Board 
In 2012, China s economic growth experienced a noticeable slowdown and its economic structural adjustment stepped into a crucial stage as a result of the continued emergence of the far-reaching impact of the global financial crisis. During this time, China continued to open up its financial market. RMB internationalisation and market-based interest rate reform proceeded vigorously in tandem. Therefore, the resource allocation of the financial system gradually shifted to the real economy. Against the macroeconomic backdrop, the financial leasing industry in China grew rapidly, and gradually evolved as an important newly emerged force to serve the real economy.
These changes not only brought opportunities for development but also difficulties and challenges to Far East Horizon.
In face of external challenges such as the downturn of the real economy, more intense industry competition and uncertain macroeconomic policies, Far East Horizon always adhered to its operating strategy of servicing the domestic market, leveraging the real economy, building on the basic industries and focusing on high quality customers and firmly stuck to the guiding principle of seeking growth while maintaining stability and further upgrading the inherent quality in a proactive and innovative manner. For the operation, the Company strived to promote the implementation of its development strategy of integrated industry operation services . For the management, it actively optimised its internal management system to conduct integrated operation with authority under control . The Company made significant achievements with record high operating results, thereby fulfilling its promise to all 
As at the end of 2012, total assets of the Group surpassed US$9.6 billion, up more than 28% from the beginning of the year, thereby further consolidating its development foundation. Net profit surpassed US$240 million, up more than 40% year on year, thereby reflecting sound growth. Apart from the rapid growth, the asset quality was basically stable and the provision coverage ratio was kept steady at a solid level of over 210%, which enabled the Company to fulfill its annual target, i.e. the overall sustained, stable and healthy development. Far East Horizon made remarkable achievements thanks to the hard work of all staff and strong support from shareholders, customers and partners. I, hereby, extend our sincere appreciation on behalf of the Board of Far East Horizon.
Over the past one year, with the consistent target of maximising shareholders interests, the Board of Far East Horizon continuously optimised the corporate governance level and improved its capability of operation and management. In accordance with the requirements of Code on Corporate Governance Practices of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, the Group convened four regular Board meetings in total in 2012 to consider and approve the issues on the annual report, the interim report and the development strategy of the Company. Meanwhile, the Board considered matters relating to the major business development and connected transactions at meetings held from time to time. The Strategy and Investment Committee, the Audit Committee and the Remuneration and Nomination Committee under the Board all fulfilled their rights and responsibilities authorised by the Board in respect of enhancement on internal control level, optimisation of compensation incentives and improvement of 
We are entrusted with the great mission of the times and our diligence will create resplendence. In a new year, Far East Horizon, by leveraging its business operation capability gained in the past and adhering to the innovative service mode that dynamically and efficiently combines industry and finance , will focus on improving the comprehensive operation service capability aiming at specific industries and specific customers and devote itself to fulfilling its ambition of sparing no effort to be an excellent enterprise so as to reward its shareholders, business partners and all sectors of community with outstanding operating performance.
Far East Horizon Limited 
Chairman of the Board 27 March 2013 