Chairman s Statement 
Far East Horizon Limited Chairman of the Board 
On behalf of Far East Horizon Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I am pleased to present our annual results for the year ended 31 December 2015 to all our shareholders.
The unbalanced development of the global economy continued in 2015. The US economy rebounded with the first rate hike in a decade, while the growth of other developed economies remained weak in their trough.
In China, there remained severe challenges despite a series of stimulus. On one hand, the economic growth rate decelerated from top gear to normal speed; and on the other hand, industrial structural optimisation and adjustment was expected to be prolonged. Meanwhile, China continued its reforms of the financial sector with the RMB internationalization clearing another stage, and the interest rate liberalization stretching deeper with substantial breakthroughs in building a multi-layered capital market. All of these will facilitate China s liberalization of its economy. With the support and guidance of China s national industrial policies, the financial leasing industry experienced substantial development with all types of fundings and talents entering the industry, further serving and supporting real economy development, which also promoted the transformation and upgrade of China s economy.
In 2015, the Group continued to adopt the innovative development model characterized by an organic and effective combination of finance and industries , conscientiously implemented the business strategy of promoting the steady growth of traditional financial businesses and accelerating the allocation of assets of industrial operations which was formulated at the beginning of the year, and prudently implemented well-designed business plans. Thanks to the persistent efforts made by our staff, the Group again fulfilled anticipation and achieved all objectives set at the beginning of the year, delivering another record high of operating results despite difficulties and challenges posed by the 
As at the end of 2015, total assets of the Group reached approximately RMB140.0 billion, up by approximately 26% from the beginning of the year. Net profit amounted to approximately RMB2.6 billion for the year, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 10%. Meanwhile, asset quality of the Group remained stable with non-performing assets less than 1% and the provision coverage ratio was maintained at over 200%, fulfilling our commitments to shareholders of maintaining asset security and healthy business growth. The above achievements would not have been possible without the long-term strong support and understanding from our shareholders and business partners as well as diligent mental and physical efforts made by our management team and all of our staff. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to extend our sincere gratitude and warm congratulations to each and every one of them.

With the ultimate goal of safeguarding shareholders interest and maximising shareholders value in mind, the Board spared no efforts to enhance its corporate governance capability and optimise the management system of the Company. In accordance with the requirements of Corporate Governance Code of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company convened a total of four regular Board meetings in 2015 to consider and approve issues on the annual results for 2014, interim results for 2015, strategic planning report for the next three years, annual operating budgets, the remuneration and incentive schemes and continuing connected transactions. In accordance with requirements of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange relating to enhancing the internal control level of listed companies, we further defined duties of the Audit Committee under the Board which was then renamed the Audit and Risk Management Committee to further tighten our internal requirements on financial risk management. Meanwhile, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Strategy and Investment Committee under the Board all exercised their rights and performed their duties authorised by the Board in respect of appointment of directors, optimisation of the remuneration and incentive systems and improvement of corporate development strategies.
Looking forward to 2016, the landscape of the global economy will continue to present both challenges and opportunities.
China s economic development will remain in the hardship of reforms and adjustments , posing aggravating challenges to the traditional economy and financial sector. However, fundamental industries related to the livelihood such as healthcare and education will encounter unprecedented opportunities for development afforded by the reforms. Facing such challenges and opportunities presented by the external environment and adhering to the operation concept of integrated industry operation services , the Group will strive to safeguard the asset security and steady growth of its financial leasing business, proactively strengthen the asset allocation of industrial operation businesses including hospital investment and operation, equipment operation services and high-end education, further enhance industrial service and management capabilities, and strive to fulfill all the operation, management and budget objectives approved by the Board for 2016, so as to create greater value for all our shareholders, partners, our employees and all sectors of the community as well.
Far East Horizon Limited 
Chairman of the Board 30 March 2016 
