Chairman s Statement 
Far East Horizon Limited Chairman of the Board 
On behalf of Far East Horizon Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I am pleased to present our annual results for the year ended 31 December 2013 to all our shareholders.
In 2013, the world economy remained sluggish with slow recovery and China s economy growth was under the pressure of declining and the promotion of reform became increasingly tough and challenging. Meanwhile, China pushed on reform of its financial sector, and made remarkable progress in innovative financial services, such as interest rate liberalisation and RMB internationalisation. As an integral part of innovative financial services, the financial leasing sector also achieved robust growth in 2013. We believe that, in the long run, the financial leasing sector will experience sustainable, healthy and steady growth with the introduction of favourable industrial policies and the convergence of capital and talents.
In 2013, the Group continued to adopt the innovative service model characterized by an organic and effective combination of finance and industries , adhered to the business strategy of enhancing the penetration and innovation of traditional businesses and expediting the cultivation and development of non-capital service capability which was formulated at the beginning of the year, and prudently implemented well-designed business plans to achieve steady development. Thanks to the diligence of all our staff, the Group achieved positive results on all works with another record high operating results and successfully offset the negative impact of changes in external fiscal and tax policies.
As at the end of 2013, total assets of the Group increased by more than 40% from the beginning of the year and exceeded RMB86.0 billion. The net profit attributed to shareholders was RMB1.91 billion for the year, representing a year on year increase of 26%. Meanwhile, non-performing asset ratio and other asset security indicators of the Group were basically stable and the provision coverage ratio was kept at 220%, achieving our annual targets of maintaining overall asset security and healthy business growth.

With the ultimate goal of maximising shareholders interests, the Board continued to enhance its corporate governance capability and optimise the management system of the Company. In accordance with the requirements of Corporate Governance Code of the Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Company convened a total of four regular Board meetings in 2013 to consider and approve issues on the annual report, interim report, strategic planning and annual operating budgets of the Company. Meanwhile, the Board also considered matters relating to connected transactions and major financing activities at non-regular meetings. The Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Strategy and Investment Committee under the Board all exercised their rights and performed their duties authorised by the Board in respect of enhancement of internal control level, optimisation of compensation and incentives mechanism and improvement of corporate governance.
Looking forward to 2014, the world economy will continue to face the challenges of complexity and uncertainties, while China will be entering into a critical period of promoting steady growth and making structural adjustments . Facing such challenges and opportunities, the Group, adhering to the integrated industry operation services concept, will strive to expand its financial leasing, factoring and other financial service businesses among specific industrial customers, continue to nurture, develop and enhance its non-capital service capability and fulfill all its operating budgets for 2014, so as to maximize value for our shareholders, contribute wealth to the society and provide our staff with better career development.
Finally, on behalf of all members of the Board, I would like to extend our sincere gratitude to shareholders, partners, management and all staff of the Company. I believe that, with strong support from our shareholders and partners, all our staff will be fully committed to attainment of our corporate mission, consolidating our existing achievements, improving our core capabilities and realizing our sustainable development in 2014.
Far East Horizon Limited 
Chairman of the Board 26 March, 2014 