Chairman s Statement 
Far East Horizon Limited Chairman of the Board 
In 2011, on the back of the sluggish global economic recovery, the Chinese economy was confronted with challenges for structural adjustments, with the rate of GDP growth decelerating.
Under severe circumstances such as the hovering inflation rate, the intensive launches of macroeconomic controls and the continuous tightening of liquidity in China, the Company, upholding the guiding philosophy of adhering to the strategic direction while making appropriate adjustments , seized opportunities, avoided risks and fostered development based upon the task schedule as of the beginning of the year, pushing forward strategic undertakings and striving to improve business quality, as a result of which the overall performance of our operations set new records.
As at the end of 2011, the total assets of the Company amounted to US$7.475 billion, representing an increase of 95.46% compared with the corresponding period last year. Net profit for the year was US$171 million, representing an increase of 65.22% as compared with 2010. While achieving rapid growth in earnings, our asset quality continued to be stable. The non- performing loan ratio stood at 0.60% as at the end of the year, representing a decline of 0.39 percentage points as compared with the beginning of the year. Meanwhile, our ability to resist risks was further strengthened and the provision coverage ratio improved steadily to reach 214.34% as at the end of the year, representing an increase of 97.96 percentage points from the beginning of the year.

More importantly, being the first innovative financial company primarily engaged in the financial leasing business in China, the Company succeeded in listing on Hong Kong s capital market on 30 March 2011. Within a year after listing, the Company was included into the constituent stocks of HSCCI, the MSCI China Index and the FTSE China Index, thus, is now well-recognised in the capital market. Moreover, notwithstanding the overall downturn in the stock markets across Hong Kong, China and the world last year, the Company performed remarkably well in Hong Kong s capital market by leveraging its solid business foundation and good operating results, hence becoming one of the few companies that maintained a rise in share price after its Initial Public Offering ( IPO ) in 2011.
Looking back at our accomplishments in the previous year, I would like to thank all of our staff for their hard work and wisdom which contributed to the Company s developments. I would also like to express my gratitude toward our shareholders and investors for their great support. The Company needs more support from all of you in order to grow in a sustainable way going forward.
Looking ahead, uncertainties will still linger in the global economy and China s economic restructuring will be further deepened. Notwithstanding a more complex external environment, the Company will follow the development trends of China s financial industry. With the innovative financial model of organically and effectively blending finance and industry together as the fundamental driving force, the Company will capture major global economic trends and seize development opportunities in the course of China s economic transformation and upgrading, and strive to achieve the mission of gathering global resources and sharing China s promotion .
Standing at a new starting point in 2012, the Company will adhere to the business strategy of serving in China by relying on the real economy, securing a foothold in the fundamental industries and focusing on quality customers , and vigorously explore any room for development and continuously promote management upgrading for further improvements in the profit structure, ensure the control over assets quality and safety and effectively transform the support of our shareholders and investors into power and security for the Company s developments, hence continuously creating greater value for the shareholders, customers and business partners of the Company.
Far East Horizon Limited 
Chairman of the Board 