Chairman’s Statement 
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the staff of Far East Horizon Limited (“the
Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”), I would like to express
my heartfelt thanks to all the shareholders for their understanding
and support in the past year. The annual results for the year ended
31 December 2016 are presented as follows.
2016 was a year of challenges and opportunities. The global
economy is still in the adjustment cycle as a whole, but the
economies are clearly differentiated. American economy has
established its recovery while other developed economies remained
in the downward cycle. China’s economy was still facing great
challenges and its economic growth showed a stepwise regression
state in “L” shape. The industrial restructuring remains at the crucial
stage. Meanwhile, there is still a major historical opportunity in
China’s economy, with the vigorous promotion of all kinds of
systematization and market-oriented reform, so various types of
shackles unsuitable for economic development are bound to be
broken. We have reason to believe that China’s economy will utilize
this adjustment to successfully achieve market-oriented reform and
lay the foundation for long-term stable economic development. In
addition, relying on the huge population base of China, all kinds of
industry closely related to the daily life are also gradually showing
the growth potential and the reasonable investment and policy
guidance will stimulate the great vitality of the new economy, which
will lead the Chinese economy into a “second leap”.
In 2016, the Group continued to adopt the innovative development
model characterized by an “organic and effective combination of finance
and industries”, proactively employed the business strategy of “increasing
market coverage and innovating services means with collaborative industry
operations” which was formulated at the beginning of the year, and prudently
implemented well-designed business plans with calm observation and careful
argument. Thanks to the persistent efforts made by our staff, the Group again
fulfilled anticipation and achieved all objectives set by the Board, delivering
another record high of operating results and consolidating the operating base
despite difficulties and challenges posed by the external environment.
As at the end of 2016, total assets of the Group reached approximately
RMB166.0 billion, up by approximately 20% from the beginning of the year.
Net profit attributable to shareholders amounted to approximately RMB2.88
billion for the year, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 15%.
Meanwhile, asset quality of the Group remained stable with non-performing
assets less than 1% and the provision coverage ratio at over 200%, fulfilling our
commitments to shareholders of maintaining asset security and healthy and
sustained business growth.
With the ultimate goal of safeguarding shareholders’ interest and
maximizing shareholders’ value in mind, the Board spared no efforts to
enhance its corporate governance and optimize the management of the
Company. In accordance with the requirements of Corporate Governance
Code of the Stock Exchange, the Company convened a total of four regular
Board meetings in 2016 to consider and approve issues on the annual results
for 2015, interim results for 2016, strategic planning report for the next
three years, annual operating budgets, labor costs budgets and continuing
connected transactions. Meanwhile, the committees under the Board all
exercised their rights and performed their duties authorized by the Board in
respect of appointment of directors, optimization of the remuneration and
incentive systems and improvement of corporate development strategies.
Looking forward to 2017, the global economic situation is still complex and filled with challenges and
opportunities. China’s economy will continue to balance in the adjustment between traditional economy and new
economy, where the challenges in traditional industries will continue to increase; but unprecedented opportunities
will appear in the health care, education and other basic industries related to people’s livelihood. In the face of
many uncertainties and unknown challenges, the Group will continue to adhere to the strategic development
direction of the “integrated industry operation services”, proactively stay close to the market, timely adjust the
business strategy and strive to achieve the established goal of “expanding market coverage, increasing product
service competitiveness, and effective collaborating with financial business and industrial operations”. We are
committed to fulfill all the operation, management and budget objectives approved by the Board for 2017, so as to
create greater value for all our shareholders and related parties.
Far East Horizon Limited
NING Gaoning
Chairman of the Board
29 March 2017
