Chairman s Statement 
The Group was able to keep its growth momentum in the PRC property market despite the strong head winds in 2008.
This was achieved by adopting a strategy of prudent financial management; cautious land replenishment plan and flexible sales and pricing policy at the right time.

Result of 2008 2008 was a year of change in the global economy and international financial markets. It was also a year full of challenges and opportunities for the Group. In the first half of 2008, we witnessed the turning point in the PRC property market. The upward trend starting from 2005 was reversed. Although the extent of adjustments varied in different cities and product types, it was generally observed that both the transaction volume and the average selling price fell in 2008. The austerity measures implemented by the PRC Central Government (the Central Government ) in 2007 to maintain the property prices at an affordable level and to prevent overheating of the economy produced stronger effects in early 2008. The downward trend further accelerated when consumer confidence in the property market was directly weakened by the wide-spread global financial crisis originating from sub-prime mortgage problem in the U.S. The PRC property market experienced an obvious and inevitable decline in line with the global property markets.
Despite such challenges and a difficult operating environment in 2008, the Group was able to maintain its core operating capacities and recorded double digit growth in terms of turnover and gross profit. The Group s revenue in 2008 amounted to RMB6,487 million, which represented a 13% increase as compared to RMB5,750 million in 2007. The Group s gross profit in 2008 amounted to RMB2,820 million in 2008, a rise of 48% from RMB1,907 million in 2007. The remarkable growth in gross profit was mainly attributable to the increase in gross profit margin from 33% in 2007 to 43% in 2008, representing a gain of 10% points. Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2008 decreased by 19% from RMB1,722 million in 
2007 to RMB1,388 million in 2008. This was mainly due to the one-off pre-tax gain from the disposal of Chemsunny World Trade Center (Beijing) of RMB910 million recorded in the year 2007 (2008: nil) and the material difference in the revaluation of investment properties between 2007 and 2008. Excluding the effect of one-off items and all revaluation items, profit attributable to equity holders of the Company generated from ordinary core activities in fact increased by 13% to RMB997 million in 2008, up from RMB885 million in 2007.
That represented a continuous growth in our operating capacity over the past 5 years since 2004.

With reference to profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company for 2008, the Board of Directors (the Board ) is pleased to propose a final dividend of HKD0.07 per share for the year ended 31 December 2008.
Including the interim dividend of HKD0.03 per share, total dividend per share for 2008 was HKD0.10 per share (2007: HKD0.12 per share) or a dividend payout ratio of 29% (2007: 29%).
The Board also recommends offering to the shareholders the right to elect as an alternative, to receive the 2008 final dividend wholly or partly by allotment of new shares credited as fully paid up in lieu of cash (the Scrip Dividend Scheme ), subject to shareholders approval on the payment of the 2008 final dividend at the Company s annual general meeting (the AGM ) and the granting by the Listing Committee of the Stock Exchange of the listing of, and permission to deal in, the new shares to be issued pursuant thereto.
As already mentioned in the interim report, the Company intends to maintain a stable and consistent dividend policy with an annual pay-out ratio of no less than 20% of the profit available for distribution during a financial year. However, the Board will review the Group s earnings, cash flow, capital requirement and any other conditions that the Board deems relevant before proposing the resolution to pay the dividends.
During 2008, the Company repurchased 6,953,000 shares in aggregate in the open market. All these repurchases complied with the terms and conditions stated in the share repurchase general mandate as passed at the AGM held on 9 May 2008. The Board takes the view that a flexible share buy back policy can offer maximum room to the management to enhance the investment yield for the Company. All share buy back transactions are entered into for the sole purpose of maximizing our 
Market Review and Outlook During the first half of 2008, tightened credit policies and austerity measures adopted in 2007 continued their effect to control the property prices at affordable level. Growth of the property market was hampered and demand shrunk from the end of 2007 as people at that time generally expected that additional measures would be introduced to bring housing prices further down. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, total GFA of commodity housing sold nationwide decreased by 19.7% from 2007 to about 620 million sq.m. in 2008.
Correspondingly, total transaction value in 2008 decreased by 19.5% to about RMB2.4 trillion.
Property developers in the PRC in general had to face the adverse effects of the decline in selling prices 
coupled with the decrease in sales volume throughout 2008. Many highly leveraged developers experienced great difficulties in getting financing resources to support their projects.
During the second half of 2008, further deterioration of subprime mortgages and the collapse of credit default swaps in the global market alerted the Central Government to the forthcoming difficulties facing the PRC manufacturing and industrial export sectors. The Central Government quickly responded by implementing expansionary fiscal and monetary policies including cutting one year base interest rate by a total of 2.16%, and coupled with several downward adjustments on the reserve ratio requirement from the peak of 17.5%. In November 2008, the Central Government announced a massive economic stimulus programme amounting to RMB4 trillion to stimulate domestic consumption and to boost economic growth. We have confidence in all these timely and decisive measures adopted by the Central Government and believe that they will provide a strong support to the GDP growth. We expect that with all these policies in place, the PRC s GDP growth rate has a much better chance of reaching 8% in 2009. In addition, the relief from inflationary pressure and concerns provides additional leeway for the Central Government to further cut the interest rate if necessary. Although such implemented policies were not directly targeted to support the real estate market, it is generally believed that with the interest rate cuts and the lower reserve ratio requirement for banks, consumer confidence in the property market may be restored to a certain extent. Since the third quarter of 2008, local governments, including Beijing, Tianjin and Hangzhou, issued various specific practical policies to stabilize the property market. By the end of 2008, we noticed a moderate rally in transaction volume and the overall property market recorded a remarkable increase in the fourth quarter of 2008 as compared to the first half of 2008. The market sentiment although not fully recovered, was at least stabilized by the end of 2008.
Beijing s successful hosting of the Olympic Games not only enlightened the world with Chinese culture and civilization, but also enhanced the investment opportunities in Beijing with better infrastructures such as the public transportation system. The established and expanding metro-lines will further enlarge the radiation of the urbanization process and thus increase the housing demand. We are pleased to see that we were able to secure our leading position in Beijing in 2008 and remain as the largest supplier in terms of GFA sold. Our market share in the capital city of the PRC in 2008, in terms of GFA sold for residential commodity housing, doubled and remained in the number one position.

Looking forward into 2009, it will be a year of risks and opportunities. It is expected that the adverse effects of the deleveraging process on the global financial market will keep hitting the PRC s export sector. That will inevitably affect the PRC employment market and GDP growth. On the other hand, central banks in major countries including the PRC have adopted various massive economic stimulus programmes and quantitative easing policies to turn around the economy at the shortest possible time.
Focusing on the PRC property market, we believe that good investment opportunities may be found in 2009 as a result of market consolidation. Even though property development underwent cyclical adjustment in 2008, we expect that the rebound momentum that took place in the fourth quarter of 2008 will be sustainable in 2009, though the average selling price will come down from the peak in 2007. We expect the RMB4 trillion stimulus plan introduced by the Central Government will gradually come into place and produce positive effects in the second half of 2009. If the PRC can maintain a positive GDP growth rate in the first half of 2009, the resumption of consumer confidence in the property market can reasonably be anticipated.
In 2008, we saw a general decline in land acquisition activities and a slow down of new construction projects among a large number of developers. This implies that the supply of residential housing will reduce in the coming years and the market will be able to restore to equilibrium not later than 2010. Thus we are of the view that the current excess supply will only be a short term market situation. In the meantime, developers will have to face the challenge of lower profit margin and therefore the Group expects the gross profit margin will come down in 2009. Nevertheless, developers with higher operating efficiency and flexibility to adjust their development cycle and control supply and cashflow could easily differentiate themselves from others. Looking into the future, the affluent population, especially the growing middle class aspiring to higher quality of living and the urbanization and transformation of Chinese society are leading to long term opportunities for well managed 
The housing issue and reform have long been on the Central Government s agenda. In 2008, more precise guidelines for policy housing including low-rent housing, economically affordable housing and capped price housing were introduced to boost the welfare housing system. It is the Central Government s long term mission to take care of the people and improve their living conditions. At present, there may be concerns that the supply of policy housing will suppress the demand in the commodity residential property market. The Group takes a different view and believes that policy housing are targeting customers and segments different from those that the Group s existing residential products target, mainly the middle-class. It is reasonable to expect that the introduction of policy housing will eventually accelerate the segmentation process of the residential property market in the PRC. Low-end commodity housing will gradually be reduced and be replaced by policy housing although such process may take a decade to complete. We believe the demand for commodity housing constructed with better quality and design will remain strong as the growing middle class continues to look for better living standards. In view of this, quality mid-to-high end properties will continue to be our major target.
We believe that this will be the most significant segment in terms of turnover in the property market in the years to come. The Group has an excellent track record in the mid-to-high end product segment with first mover advantage and economy of scale. We are well-positioned to supply high quality products. With products that fit the customers preferences, we are confident that the Group can generate better asset turnover in 2009. The Company believes that the government s efforts and property developers cooperation will complement each other in maintaining stable housing market conditions. We believe that the Central Government will be inclined to stabilize the land and housing supply and therefore any sudden and sharp rise in property prices like that happened in the past is unlikely to repeat in the near future. Property developers and home purchasers in the long run will benefit from a stalwart market environment.

The Group will continue to implement the Total Quality Management process in 2009 as it did in 2008. We believe that higher quality products, supported by good after sales services, will in the long run help build the Sino-Ocean Land brand. Our strong presence in Beijing and good track record help us win customer loyalty and help the sales of new projects. It is our goal to reinforce our leading position in Beijing by increasing our market share. We treasure the invaluable goodwill of our brand and will carefully build on this strength to replicate our success to our new projects in the Pan Bohai Rim and the new cities. We will keep improving the design and quality of our products to further strengthen our brand. We will from time to time adjust our product design to suit customer tastes and preferences. We believe that products that are good value for money will be the winning formula in the property market.
In order to maximize our market participation and maintaining a long term relationship with the local government, the Group may consider getting involved selectively in projects that are subjected to the conditions of development of certain percentage of policy housing. The Group will study carefully the urban plans and the local government s city development requirement so that we can incorporate competitive designs in our tender. The proportion of policy housing in any single project that the Group may participate will be kept to a minor portion (i.e. less than 50%) in terms of GFA. We will evaluate the feasibility of any new project on its own returns and merits. The Group expects that policy housing will only account for a small percentage in the Group s overall product mix in the years to come as the Group focuses primarily on mid-to-high end commodity housing.
The Group is reasonably optimistic in its prospect in 2009 and aims to maintain double digit growth in sales amount although the Group has to face downward pressure in gross profit margin. The Group has carefully monitored its product development cycle which is supported by a well-balanced landbank and solid financial structure. We are highly flexible and capable of seizing any good merger and acquisition opportunities that may arise as a result of market consolidation. We believe that we have the advantage of having a good long term relationship with the government, good understanding by investors in the capital market and are well accepted by customers. All these are the Group s fundamental strengths that will enable the management to outperform in the forthcoming difficult market in 2009.

Being one of the leading property developers and as a responsible corporation, the Group receives support from the general public and in return, the Group is pleased to take up its social responsibility. On one hand we will continue to grow in terms of business scale and earnings for the benefit of our committed shareholders; on the other hand, we will devote more efforts to help the underprivileged, especially those in poverty and young people who need educational support, as our contribution to the society. We also encourage our staff to participate in charity activities and to act as responsible citizens. By so doing, we believe that our staff will better understand the needs of others and in the long run benefit their personal development and the Company s development. In addition, the Group established the Sino-Ocean Charity Fund in 2008 and will continue to contribute to the necessary funding. The mission of this charity fund is to facilitate education for the poor, to make helping the needy one of our core values and to contribute towards building a better future for the 
During the first half of 2008, natural disasters occurred across the PRC, including the snow storms in January and the earthquake in Sichuan in May. The Company and its staff responded promptly in making donations and participated actively in the relief activities. Together with other donations in 2008, the Group in total donated RMB7.1 million to the community.
In addition, the Group has participated since 2006 in a variety of environmental protection and welfare activities.
In 2008 under the auspices of the Group s charity programme Old Residential Community, New Green Environment , the Group visited several old residential communities in Beijing, helped renovate them and improved their interior and exterior environment.
Enhanced Corporate Governance The Group strives to improve the standard of corporate governance to safeguard our shareholders interests and ensure the sustainability of the Company s long term development. Given its diversified shareholders base, the Group understands that there are vested investment interests from shareholders across the world. It is not surprising to see that investors and regulatory bodies would expect more stringent standard of corporate governance and transparency subsequent to the global financial turmoil. The Group has taken a pro-active evaluation process accordingly to improve its corporate governance. In 2008, a risk management department was established to formulate the Group s risk management plan and to periodically oversee the Group s internal control. We believe that a high standard of internal control will help the Group to mitigate non-systematic risk and to sustain our competitive advantage. Furthermore, the Group continues to have segregation of duties among the Chairman, CEO, CFO and the independent non-executive directors enabling the latter to have more independent oversight of the Company s corporate governance.
As mentioned in the interim report, during 2008, Mr. ZHENG Yi retired as the Company s non-executive director and Mr. YIN Yingneng Richard has been appointed as the Company s non-executive director. Apart from that, there was no change in the Board members. The Board believes that a stable Board composition will help the Group to continuously focus on enhancing corporate governance and to execute smoothly the strategic plan determined by the Board.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our heartfelt gratitude to the Company s shareholders, business partners, local government authorities and customers for their valuable support to the Company. I would also like to thank our fellow directors, management team and staff. They are essential to our current success and are the contributors to the accomplishment of our corporate goals.

Hong Kong, 26 March 2009 
