Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of our Board of Directors ( the Board ) I have pleasure in presenting the results of Sino-Ocean Land Holdings Limited ( Sino-Ocean Land or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as our Group or We ) for the twelve months ended 31 
RESULT OF 2013 AND FINAL DIVIDEND For the twelve months ended 31 December 2013, our Group recorded RMB31,099 million in revenue, representing a year- on-year ( YoY ) increase of 9%. Profit attributable to owners of the Company and core profit reached RMB4,075 million and RMB3,036 million respectively, representing an increase of 7% and 21% respectively, and earnings per share was 
Based on the profit attributable to owners of the Company in 2013, the Board is pleased to propose a final dividend of HKD0.16 per share for the year ended 31 December 2013.
Together with the interim dividend of HKD0.07 per share, total dividend per share for 2013 was HKD0.23 (2012: HKD0.23), representing a dividend payout ratio of 31% 
The Board also recommends offering to the shareholders the right to elect as an alternative, to receive the 2013 final dividend wholly or partly by the allotment of new shares credited as fully paid up in lieu of cash, subject to shareholders approval on the payment of the 2013 final dividend at the Company s annual general meeting (the AGM ) and the granting by the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) of the listing of, and permission to deal in, the new shares to be issued pursuant thereto.
MARKET REVIEW AND PROSPECT In 2013, the property market in China went through some fluctuations but ultimately was on an upward trend with sales of commodity properties achieving a record high. Data from the National Bureau of Statistics of China indicated that the total area of commodity properties sold in China rose 17.3% YoY to 1,306 million sq.m., 15.5% higher in growth rate than 2012; the total sales amount increased 26.3% YoY to RMB8,142.8 billion, at a rapid growth rate of 16.3% higher than 2012. The total sales amount grew at a higher rate than that of GFA sold and the overall trend showed growth in both quantity and price.

Prompted by the market s strength in both supply and demand and in response to the State Council s five new measures (e WNh) to enhance regulation of the property market, various regions increased land supply last year and transaction volume continued to climb. Data from the National Bureau of Statistics of China indicated that accumulated land area purchased in 2013 in China reached 388.14 million sq.m., an 8.8% increase YoY, a turn around from the negative growth in 2012.
The increase in land transaction eased the pressure on supply and curbed market expectations. At the same time, differentiation appeared in the land market. While land supply was still tight in first and second-tier cities prompting land snatching at the end of the year, market behavior in third and fourth-tier cities remained steady. On the other hand, more land was designated for protective housing in various regions, a positive move to protecting people s living needs and an indication that the Central Government s appeal to provide more land for constructing protective housing was 
Strong supply and demand coupled with higher volume in land transactions also pushed up new construction area. In 2013, total GFA of residential properties under construction was 2,012.08 million sq.m., an 13.5% increase YoY. Future supply of housing is expected to maintain a high growth rate.
The real estate industry saw higher concentration in 2013.
Branded property enterprises continued to expand their influence in the market by taking advantage of their products output, financial capability and customers recognition. Some enterprises on the other hand were looking for exit routes as they came under pressure from their strategic planning, business structure and cash flow. Mergers and acquisition and restructuring were gradually taking place.

In 2014, China s macro economy will manage at a stable growth under the principle of intensifying reforms in all areas and perseverance in steady progress , albeit at a slower pace. The property industry is closely connected with the atmosphere of macro economy and will therefore face new opportunities, but as well as uncertainties. Changes are also brewing at the same time. Our Group foresees three major characteristics in the property industry in the year ahead: 
The first is stable . During the building process of a long- term effective control mechanism in the property industry, the imbalance between supply and demand still exists. The current control measures will continue and the policies will remain stable. With the overall market looking up again in 2013, the sale, development and investment on the China commodity housing in 2014 will stay at a high level and grow at an appropriate rate. Market sentiments will remain stable.
In some of the third and fourth-tier cities where there is a risk of over-supply, the local governments may use measures such as pacing the land supply, controlling the total scale of development, stimulating the market and reducing inventory to manage risk and maintain stability of the industry.
The second is differentiating . Firstly, the Central Government will give different guidelines to cities with different demands to remain the industry stable. Macro measures will be strictly executed in first and second-tier hotspot cities while more flexibility will be applied to third and fourth-tier cities. Control measures are no longer uniform and differentiation will deepen. Secondly, the supply and demand structure will also differ: construction of protective housing, especially shantytowns transformation, will have more government 
Total GFA: 436,000 sq.m.
Attributable interest to our Group: 100j Usage: Residential and Villa 
support to supplement the commodity housing and ease the financial pressure from the lower income sector. More local authorities may follow Beijing s lead in launching self-use commodity housing to weaken speculation in the commodity 
The third is reformative . As the new government aims to intensify reforms in all areas , reforms will be more market- oriented and take place in various areas including the land system, household registration, taxation and credit policies.
Mechanisms for long-term effect such as centralized registration of real estate and on-line housing information will be set up to encourage sound development of the property industry. It is expected that the industry will go through another round of adjustments and reforms in 2014.

Faced with new challenges in 2013 our Group adhered to the principles of raising efficiency, qualities and 
sustainability , and performed all our tasks with great care and laid a solid foundation for future development.
Meticulous and vigorous control on costs and fees boosted profit level Faced with rising land costs and salaries, declining gross profit, a change in regional product mix and other factors in 2013, our Group s gross profit margin was 3% lower than the previous year. However, as a result of our perseverance in controlling costs and fees, our core profit recorded a 21% 
Specifically, on the one hand, our Group continued to reap results from purchasing from selected suppliers, controlling costs, developing and applying product line and all other possible measures to control pre-gross profit costs. On the other hand, our Group continued to apply tight control on three types of fees (administration, sales and finance) and managed to cut these fees from 8.5% on turnover to 5.9% 
Efforts from multiple disciplines constantly 
After much perseverance, we finished the three main product categories, namely, rigid demand housing, luxury homes and low-density housing. We applied our research experience on land acquisition and proposal design, raising both efficiency and design quality. We also elevated our management standards for work in progress and its inspection. By standardizing craftsmanship, tendering process and delivery quality, we magnified our focal point from construction management to the entire project completion process to place our projects in the forefront of the industry.
Deep cultivation of existing markets provided a 
In line with our development strategy stage three, our Group has since 2010 entered 19 cities with a promising outlook and basically completed our nationwide location planning.
With the Pan Bohai Rim as the core and the Pearl River Delta and the Yangtze River Delta as the wings, our locations radiate in many directions. We continue to be in leading positions in Beijing, Dalian, Zhongshan and Qinhuangdao. In this past year with contributions from all city companies and a fairly even seasonal distribution our Group recorded contracted sales of RMB35,818 million. At the same time, five new cities generated revenue (Hangzhou, Qingdao, Shanghai, Zhenjiang, Chongqing) boosting our income to exceed RMB30,000 million for the first time.
We are pleased to see that contribution ratios from the Yangtze River Delta and along the Yangtze River and the Pearl River Delta continued to rise. A more balanced location planning is beneficial to our Group s stable growth. In addition, most of our city companies have completed the cycle of land acquisition construction sale delivery property management . Our knowledgeable and experienced team is a solid foundation for future sustainable 
Cooperation of major shareholders improved capital structure and financial status There was a breakthrough in the cooperation of our Group s major shareholders in 2013. In September, our Group s two major shareholders China Life Insurance Company Limited ( China Life ) and Nan Fung International Holdings Limited and its subsidaries ( Nan Fung Group ) increased their shareholding of our Group, holding approximately 29% and 21% respectively. Our Group obtained a total of approximately USD800 million financing which stabilized our Group s shareholding structure further and improved the capital structure. Funds raised provided for additional land reserve at a later date and future expansion. At the end of 2013, our Group s net gearing ratio was 48%, a fairly low level which enabled more capacity for raising funds at lower cost in future.
Being the world s largest life insurance company, China Life has completed the change from a financial investor to strategic investor to our Group and will give our Group even greater support in direction and funding in the future. Our Group has signed a memorandum with China Life encouraging synergy in project development, joint acquisition, commercial properties joint-ownership, protective housing construction and assisted living business for a mutually beneficial and complementary relationship.
Commercial properties developed steadily and looked set to continue In 2013, our Group s commercial properties developed steadily demonstrating results of our investment planning. As at the end of 2013, our Group had a total of 521,000 sq.m.
of leasable area, up by 7% YoY; operating income was RMB550 million, up by about 33% YoY. Our two shopping malls Ocean We-Life Plaza (Beijing) and Ocean We-Life Plaza (Tianjin) opened during the year with stready growth in turnover and number of vistors, which marked the comprehensive implementation of the first shopping mall under our Group s own brand.

In 2014, our Group will have over 380,000 sq.m. of commercial properties opening for business (including Ocean International Center, Phase II Beijing, Ocean Landscape E02 Beijing, Sino-Ocean Taikoo Li Chengdu, Ocean Midtown Dalian). It is estimated that by 2019 our Group will have more than 3 million sq.m. of commercial properties, over 90% of which are in the central areas of first and popular second-tier cities, promising good performance in future.

Faced with new market conditions and changes in 2014, our Group is going to operate on the principles of exploring potential savings on costs, improving core profits, consolidating our foundation and charting future strategy .
Our Group will use the industry and market standards as benchmarks to tighten cost control in all aspects of operation. Measures will include continuous research on product line and application on land acquisition; exercising strategic purchasing to enjoy the scale of economy; setting definite cost targets; building a data bank on costs at Group level and monitoring internal and external costs.
In addition to tightening cost control on finance, administration, sales and promotion to ensure core net profit, our Group will also develop sales techniques in line with market movements, pace new launches and determine prices in a flexible manner to encourage sale and raise asset turnover. We will also take out interest-bearing loans at a reasonable level to improve our debt structure both domestically and overseas and to widen finance channels.
Our Group will also consolidate our business foundation to enable greater development. We will grasp opportunities and explore new channels for investing in quality land resource in first and popular second-tier cities for a balanced structure in the mid to long term. In terms of commercial properties and assisted living business, our Group will continue to reinforce our professional knowledge, move prudently and fully exploit 
synergy from our various businesses. In addition, our Group s consolidated management information system is ready for full trial run after a considerable amount of work was put in. The new system should render huge support in raising management efficiency, lowering costs, business development and process re-engineering.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all shareholders, investors, local authorities, business partners and customers; also to our directors, management and the entire staff for their dedicated hard work. We could not have performed so well and achieved our targets in the past year without their unfailing support.

Hong Kong, 13 March 2014 
