Chairman s Statement 
It is my pleasure to present the result of Sino-Ocean Land Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as our Group or We ) for the year ended 31 
Result of 2011 and final dividend As at the end of the period, our Group recorded RMB19,897 million in revenue and RMB6,258 million in gross profit, representing an increase of 45% and 52% respectively compared to the previous year. Profit attributable to owners of the Company reached RMB2,571 million and earnings per share was about RMB0.352.
Based on the profit attributable to owners of the Company in 2011, the Board of Directors is pleased to propose a final dividend of HK$0.10 per share for the year ended 31 December 2011. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.05 per share, total dividend per share for 2011 was HK$0.15 (HK$0.13 in 2010), a dividend payout ratio of 27% (26% in 2010).

The Board also recommends offering to the shareholders the right to elect as an alternative, to receive the 2011 final dividend wholly or partly by allotment of new shares credited as fully paid up in lieu of cash (the Scrip Dividend Scheme ), subject to shareholders approval on the payment of the 2011 final dividend at the Company's annual general meeting (the AGM ) and the granting by the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) of the listing of, and permission to deal in, the new shares to be issued 
Just as we accurately predicted at the beginning of 2011, the macro control measures on the property market in the past year were significantly tightened, producing significant results. Our Group adjusted our product mix and timing of launches accordingly so that in 2011 we realized contracted sales of RMB27 billion, an increase of 25% compared to the previous year, reaching a compound annual growth rate of 45% since listing in 2007. We decided at the beginning of the year to progress along the lines of speeding up development, improving operating quality, strengthening business segments and strengthening location planning . The successful execution of this policy brought the projected 
In terms of speeding up development, growth of our contracted sales, revenue and gross profit surpassed the general level in the country. We maintained our leading position in major markets such as Beijing, Dalian, Tianjin and Zhongshan, staying within top 5 in terms of market share. We also scored high in sales in the new entry markets of Qingdao, Qinhuangdao, Huangshan and 
To improve operating quality, our Group made material advancement in the information technology system and further refined our management process. In terms of strengthening business segments, in line with the market trend and in accordance with our strategic plan, our Group increased scale of development of commercial properties, exploring possibitity of properties for the elderly and real estate financing platform. The two commercial projects we jointly developed with Swire Properties were progressing steadily. The office building part of Indigo was available for occupation in the second half of 2011. We broke new ground in real estate financing by establishing a platform for finance, including setting up a US currency property fund and RMB currency property fund. During the year our Group positively strengthened our nationwide location planning. While reinforcing our position in the Pan-Bohai Rim region and major cities, we also successfully entered areas that were in the forefront of urbanization and economic growth, including Fushun, Zhenjiang and Shenzhen.

In the past year, the macro measures implemented on market monitoring, currency, tax and land supply effectively curbed the over-heated property price as they were meant to do. The new Eight National Regulations launched at the beginning of 2011 were the main substance of the real estate control measures.
The tighter restriction on purchase suppressed demand further. Data from the State Statistics Bureau indicated that the average sales price of commodity properties was RMB5,377 per sq.m., a year-on-year increase of 6.9% but 0.6% lower than the same period last year while total area sold was 1.099 billion sq.m., rising by 4.9% but 5.6% lower than last year.
Supply, though slowed down noticeably, was still growing. In 2011 total area of new construction site was 1.9 billion sq.m., rising by 16.2% but 24.4% less compared to the same period last year; total area of work in progress was 5.08 billion sq.m., growing by 25.3% but 1.2% slower than the same period last year.
In terms of market structure, the current real estate macro measures have provided precious time and space for policy housing. In the future, commodity housing and policy housing will form a complementary housing structure. At the beginning of 2011, the Government announced in its National 12th Five-year Plan the construction of 36 million policy housing units, out of which 10 million units were finished in 2011 ahead of 
Looking at the market sectors in 2011 the commercial property market out-performed the residential market in sales volume, GFA and average price. There was a visible hike in the market share of commodity properties.
This could be attributed to two factors: first, the current restriction on purchase mainly applies to the commodity residential market rather than the commercial market; second, the potential for appreciation of office blocks, retail spaces and hotel in sought after areas in city centers of first-tier and some second-tier cities is accentuated and realized.

In the past year, third and fourth-tier cities performed better than second-tier cities which in turn were better than those in the first tier. According to CREIS, in 2011 GFA sold in residential commodity housing decreased by 40.7% and 7.9% year-on-year in first and second- tier cities respectively while the actual growth in third and fourth-tier cities was 10.6%. The average price of commodity housing suffered a slight drop in first-tier cities while that of second, third and fourth-tier cities rose 
Worthy of note is that as a result of the tightening money market, traditional financing channels were tightened and restricted. The People s Bank of China announced that only RMB350 billion was loaned to new property developments projects nationwide (including RMB175 billion to new policy housing projects), declining by RMB270 billion year-on-year, a drop of 41%. In addition, the People s Bank of China adjusted its reserve funds upwards six times and interest rates increases three times during the year to coincide with the purchase and credit tightening policy. This was effective in the de- speculation of the property market. Under the current credit policy, major developers are in a better position to secure steady support from banks than the small and medium developers and therefore able to expand their 
We think that the control measures and market restructuring will continue in 2012. However, such macro policy may subject to minor adjustment, depending on the market movement. There will be further consolidation of the industry with the stronger players remaining and expanding while the weaker ones fading out.
To go with the objectives of the current policy - increase supply, protect people's livelihood, restrict and curb speculative investment - supply of residential properties will remain stable in 2012 in the whole country, bringing down the price of commodity housing perceptibly. The performance and price trend will vary across different 
We have noted that because of real demand (first-time purchase, first-time upgrade), third and fourth-tier cities will push performance above the market in general. In addition, high-end residential and commercial properties in city centers or along major transportation hub in first- tier cities and certain second-tier cities are favored by the market for their value keeping and appreciation potential.
As a result of the pressure on the market, there will be a bigger gap in the performance in different cities, products and enterprises. Some of the small and medium companies which focus on a single location and a single product may struggle to survive. On the other hand the major, branded players who enjoy high operating efficiency and risk resistance will find new opportunities due to their business scale, their nationwide location planning, product diversification and secure cashflow. A further market concentration will be evident.
Considering the mid to long term, when the housing structure is established to satisfaction, the current restriction on purchase should be gradually released and probably withdrawn eventually. We believe that the property market and related policies will be more stable, orderly and predictable. On the other hand, customers will be more rational in purchase and require better product and services. In view that there will not be significant change in monetary policy, property developers will need to explore new financing channel in order to be prominence. Therefore, we will continue to improve our product quality and cost control, understanding the need of our customers, in order to be outstanding and further expand our market share, to support our business growth.

Given the current situation we think that our Group is more likely to gain bigger market share than succumb to market pressure. The ancient master warriors would first put themselves in an invincible position from which to prance and win at the opportune moment. Since listing, our Group has adhered to the principle of safe operation and sought an optimal balance among prudence, efficiency and growth. We have raised our operating quality, planned our locations strategically, increased our product mix and timed our sales launches closely with market movements. We have achieved invincibility from within and will persevere to stay there. At the same time we will try to create opportunities with a positive 
In 2012 we are going to ensure safe operation and equip ourselves better for opportunities and challenges. We will implement the following to further raise the Group's control and operating capabilities: Stringent cost control for better margins. Our Group will set tighter control standards, flow and systems to improve cost structure with a view to reducing costs in all operating areas and imposing stringent controls on work in progress. So as to prepare the upcoming market trend and be pro-active to grasp opportunities coming out when market rebound.
Speed up turnaround for higher efficiency. At the operational stage of projects we will speed up the decision process and sales campaigns without losing sight of quality and effectiveness. We will also try to reduce the stock level through as many channels as possible.
Focus on regional development to increase market share. In 2011, we substantially completed our national presence. In 2012, we will cautiously seize investment opportunities in accordance with the principles of low risks, fast turnover, minimal investment and optimal size, while ensuring a sound financial position. We will focus on the quality projects in the regions we have presence to consolidate the existing advantages we built up and increase our market share, thereby achieving economies 
Explore more new businesses to enhance return. We will continue to increase investments in investment property and real estate financing platform according to our established strategy. Capitalising on our own advantages, we will actively explore the new business models such as elderly care real estate and industrial real estate with a view to improving our revenue structure, diversifying the investment risks, smoothing the cyclic effects of the industry and enhancing our returns.
We have the capability and confidence to withstand the harsh market conditions that we are facing. We have also made preparations to ensure safe operation and to grasp opportunities arising from industry adjustments.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincerest gratitude to our shareholders, investors, local government authorities, business partners and customers for their great support; and to our fellow Directors, the management team and staff who have worked tirelessly with us. Their dedication and commitment has been instrumental in our 
15 March 2012, Hong Kong 
