Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of our Board of Directors ( the Board ) I have pleasure in presenting the results of Sino-Ocean Land Holdings Limited ( Sino- Ocean Land or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as our Group or We ) for the twelve months ended 31 December 2014.

RESULT OF 2014 AND FINAL DIVIDEND For the twelve months ended 31 December 2014, our Group recorded RMB38,896 million in revenue, an increase of 25% compared to the previous year. Profit attributable to owners of the Company and core profit reached RMB4,597 million and RMB3,566 million, rising 13% and 17% respectively, and earnings per share was RMB0.590.
Based on the profit attributable to owners of the Company in 2014, the Board is pleased to propose a final dividend of HKD0.165 per share for the year ended 31 December 2014.
Together with the interim dividend of HKD0.075 per share, total dividend per share for 2014 was HKD0.24 (2013: HKD0.23), representing a dividend payout ratio of 31% 
The Board also recommends offering to the shareholders the right to elect as an alternative, to receive the 2014 final dividend wholly or partly by allotment of new shares credited as fully paid up in lieu of cash, subject to shareholders approval on the payment of the 2014 final dividend at the Company s annual general meeting (the AGM ) and the granting by the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) of the listing of, and permission to deal in, the new shares to be issued 
2014 market review and group strategy 2014 was a watershed for China s real estate industry development. The industry underwent some serious adjustments. On the one hand, inventory level was high 
causing a significant imbalance in supply and demand. It was taking longer time to dispose of commodity housing units in most of the cities nationwide. Data from the National Bureau of Statistics of China showed that saleable areas of property market in China as at the end of 2014 amounted to a record high of about 600 million sq.m., a growth of 26.1% year-on -year basis. Meanwhile, as many companies lowered price to shift stock so as to attain business targets, the average selling price of commodity housing dropped in various extent.
On the other hand, the industry moved from being highly regulated by administrative measures to being more market- led. Most cities in the country abolished restrictions on property purchase. Along with the People s Bank of China s relaxation on loans and lowering of interest rates, some cities launched stimulus measures including restructuring borrowings from provident funds, giving allowance for buying properties and concessions on stamp duty. These measures hugely boosted market sentiments within a short time and as a result transactions towards the end of the year were looking up. Besides, market differentiation among cities intensified and policies became more flexible in each region.
This round of industry adjustment was caused by the structural imbalance of supply and demand. Transactions plunged at the beginning of 2014 and put considerable pressure on the price. In the second half of the year, however, policies began to change, stimulus measures were stepped up and companies came up with innovative sales and management strategies. Transactions in the entire year dipped at first but climbed towards the end.
Nevertheless, the performance of many companies fell below target and market concentration of the industry intensified 
Ocean Office Park (Beijing) Leasable area: 127,000 sq.m.
Attributable interest to our Group: 100% Usage: Office premises and retail space 
Under the pressure of lower prices, sales below target and high inventory, companies hold back investment and became more cautious in land acquisition. In 2014, the country s total aggregated investment in property development was RMB9,503.6 billion, a nominal increase of 10.5% year-on- year basis but growth rate declined by 9.3% year-on-year basis, which is the lowest in recent five years. Total aggregated area of new construction work was 1.796 billion sq.m., a fall of 10.7% year-on-year basis. Total area of new construction work for residential housing was 1.249 billion sq.m., dropping of 14.4% year-on-year basis.
At the beginning of 2014, the land market could still carry the heat from the very active transactions at the end of the previous year. It gradually cooled off and then some first and 
second-tier cities began to pick up slightly towards the year end. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, total aggregated land acquisition in the year was 334 million sq.m., 14% less than the year before. At the same time, total aggregated amount on land acquisition reached RMB1,002 billion, 1% higher than the year before. Smaller number of total area with higher land price indicated that more high quality plots in core districts were put on the market and developers were acquiring land again in first and second-tier 
Challenged by new market conditions and changes in 2014, our Group spared no efforts in lowering costs, improving core revenue and consolidating our business while pushing forward various tasks.

Ensured sales target was achieved through various means including novel sales tactics and adaptive 
During the year, our Group recorded a total of RMB40,142 million in contracted sales, an increase of 12% year-on-year basis. Since the beginning of the year, we adopted flexible sales tactics to suit the changing market. On one hand, we were decisive in shifting aged stock by cooperating with sales agents strategically and offering more attractive incentives to sales staff. In the second half of the year, our Group cooperated with a well-known internet finance platform JD Finance (Nqg) in selling properties on- line and crowd funding, attracting widespread attention from the industry, media and customers. The initiative encouraged sales while at the same time raised brand awareness.
Land bank replenishment in the down cycle and accurate geographic planning to improve resource structure Our Group increased its land bank by approximately 7.06 million sq.m. from the open market, through merger and acquisitions and joint development during the year. The corresponding saleable resource exceeds RMB130 billion.
Our Group persevered in its investment principles and focused on small to medium projects with a fast-moving cycle. The newly acquired land plots were mainly in our Group s major first and second-tier cities such as Beijing, Tianjin, Wuhan, Shenzhen and Shanghai where market risks were less felt. In January 2015, our Group obtained the Yuelong Project in Guangzhou, thus successfully entering the 
Investment grade rated for the first time by three major international rating agencies and issued US currency bonds at low cost In July 2014, our Group was rated for the first time by three major international rating agencies Standard and Poor s, Moody s, Fitch s ratings with BBB-, Baa3 and BBB- for the Company respectively. Outlook was rated stable .
Immediately following that, our Group issued 5-year and 10-year guaranteed notes for a total of US$1.2 billion at the end of July with coupon rate at 4.625% and 6% respectively.
It was the largest scale of first issue of off-shore bonds by a listed PRC property developer.

In January 2015, our Group again issued guaranteed notes which totaled US$1.2 billion, with coupon rates at 4.45% for the five-year notes and 5.95% for the 12-year notes. This was the first 12-year notes launched by a mainland China developer and the first US dollar bond issued by an Asian developer in 2015.
The corporate credit ratings and bond issue undertaken by our Group demonstrated our solid financial strength, excellent governance structure and sturdy development outlook. These initiatives also helped to expand our finance channels, fine- tune our debt structure and lower our cost of funding.
Investment properties reached new record level generating steady growth in both operating income and net profit and an accumulation of commercial properties In October 2014, our Group s first high-end commercial complex jointly developed with Swire Properties-Sino-Ocean Taikoo Li Chengdu (b m*YS) was officially open.
Covering over total GFA 200,000 sq.m., the project blends with traditional and new business models. It is an example of low-density high quality open space commercial development in the south-west region. Our Group s shopping mall in Ocean International Center, Phase II located in Beijing had a soft opening in June and tenants were moving into the office space in the second half of the year while occupancy rate was rising steadily.
2015 market outlook and our Group s strategies Under the new economic environment in 2015, the prime era of China s real estate industry has come to an end audacity, high yield and high growth will gradually give way to steady and rational growth, entering the silver era and professional prime era . Meanwhile, vendor s market is switching to buyer s market over supply is putting pressure on the profit margin. Companies are not competing in scale, speed and resources but in product, service, cost 
Our Group is of the opinion that the industry will still enjoy steady growth in the next 10 years. Firstly, real estate industry being the supporting pillar in national economic development, the stable development of which helps promote the steady growth of the macro economy and alleviate the downside risks. Secondly, China s medium to high economic growth and continuing urbanization provide 
Ocean Manor (Beijing) Total GFA: 182,000 sq.m.
Attributable interest to our Group: 100% Usage: Residential and Villa 
the demand to sustain the industry s development.
Futhermore, with years of development in the real estate industry, much demand for basic properties has been satisfied. Demand for higher quality housing is gradually becoming the mainstream demand. This drives the growth of a new round of investment in real estate industry. We take the view that the simpler administration of the macro measures, the more market-oriented management, the land reforms and household registration reforms are all beneficial to the healthy development of the industry.
In 2015, credit in general is easing. Liquidity indicators such as mortgages, development loans and interest rates will improve, benefitting the industry directly or indirectly.
Rebalance the stock will still be the focus in the first half of 2015 and prices will bottom out but differentiation among cities will be accentuated. We think that prices in first tier cities in 2015 will remain stable or rise slightly. There will be room for price rise in some second and third tier cities where the consumption cycle is slower and there is no over in supply.
For some other second and third tier cities where supply exceeds demand and inventory is unreasonably high, prices will continue to be suppressed in order to stimulate sale.
There is a consensus in the industry that changes and reforms are the way forward. On one hand, as profits from conventional housing development will continue to be squeezed, developers will explore various product mix based 
on their own specialties to expand business base and profit channels. On the other hand, as technology evolves rapidly, cooperation between the real estate industry and the Internet will accelerate, especially in the areas of promoting sales and 
While reviewing our third phase of strategic development, our Group examined the profound changes within the industry.
Working on it for a year, we have now formulated the fourth phase of strategic development which will kick start in 2015.
In this professional prime era , our Group will be following the development objectives of prioritizing effectiveness, making remarkable changes, setting our sights on long-term development through prudent management and risk control and pursuing perfection to create our quality, sustainable and stable development.
Making remarkable changes and reinforcing professional competency for optimal effectiveness With the fundamental change in the market, business models which stress on scale were no longer sustainable. The industry will be back to the models which pursue efficiency .
Our Group will continue to maintain the core requirement of Optimal Efficiency . On one hand, we put up efforts in shifting stock and reorganization structure, adjust inventory level and improve resources structure with the aid of innovative marketing channels and means, which greatly 
enhance profitability. On the other hand, by the reorganization and optimization of resources under development chains, such as design, construction and upfitting and decoration, our Group devoted in enhancing professional competency with the aim of creating products of higher quality by shorter construction period and lower costs.
Stable operation, risks control to place great emphasis on financial stability With all the new market conditions, our Group will place much emphasis on the stable operation and risks control of all businesses. On one hand, we will follow strict and prudent investment standards to cultivate first and second-tier core cities which have already been set up and seize the chance to withdrawn from third and fourth-tier cities with higher risk exposure. On the other hard, we will place much importance on the financial management of sales proceeds return and cash flow and implementation of effective cost control measures to ensure a stable financial structure and reasonable finance cost while maintaining an suitable pace of 
Setting our sights on long-term development, pursuing perfection in order to create quality, sustainable and 
Our Group will follow the planned targets under the fourth phase of strategic development strategies to set our sights on long-term development, and construct an all-rounded business landscape which is compatible with the future competitive environment. First of all, our Group will keep on the property development business as our base to maintain our market position and improve profitability. Secondly, our Group will continue to develop the property investment business to stress on the investment and ownership of premium properties of office and commercial complex in first-tier cities in order to improve long-term profitability. Our Group will build an all-in-one management system and improve technology and product research in order to enhance professional competency. We will also step up efforts in cooperating with quality strategic parties to keep on enhancing our Group s brand.

In addition, for our real estate financing business, our Group will devote in developing the real estate financing on residential properties and investment properties to attain growth in scale and capital gains and realize our Group s dual drivers Business Operation and Capital Operation in combination. Last but not least, our Group will continue to step up its efforts to work with major shareholders and seek business opportunities such as project development, joint acquisition, commercial properties joint-ownership, protective housings construction, urbanization and expansion of senior housing business in order to create a mutually beneficial and 
In early 2015, our Group started with a reform in corporate culture, put up efforts to optimize the team structure, reinvent the incentive mechanism, adjust the organization model, thus preliminarily building an organizational system which complied with the strategic targets. Based on the principles under the strategic development, our Group will pursue innovation and change, advancement and excellence through definitive products, costs and efforts, and ensure the attainment of annual results and long-term strategic targets.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all shareholders, investors, local authorities, business partners and customers who have been most supportive; also to our directors, management and the entire staff for their dedicated hard work. We could not have performed so well and achieved our targets in the past year without their unfailing support.

Hong Kong, 17 March 2015 
