CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
On behalf of our board of directors (“the Board”), I have the
pleasure in presenting the results of Sino-Ocean Group Holding
Limited (“our Company”, or “the Company”) and its subsidiaries
(together referred to as “Sino-Ocean Group”, “our Group”, “the
Group” or “We”) for the twelve months ended 31 December 2016.
RESULT OF 2016 AND FINAL DIVIDEND
For the twelve months ended 31 December 2016, the Group recorded RMB34,551 million in revenue, an increase of
12% compared to the previous year. Profit attributable to owners of the Company and earnings per share reached
RMB3,812 million and RMB0.493, rising 60% and 74% respectively.
Based on the profit attributable to owners of the Company in 2016, the Board is pleased to propose a final dividend
of HKD0.12 per share for the year ended 31 December 2016. Together with the interim dividend of HKD0.079 per
share, total dividend per share for 2016 was HKD0.199 (2015: HKD0.125), representing a dividend payout ratio of
34% (2015: 33%). The payment of the 2016 final dividend would be subject to shareholders’ approval at the
Company’s annual general meeting (the “AGM”).
2016 BUSINESS REVIEW
In 2016, the Group fully rolled out its fourth phase of strategic development. In view of the new dynamics and
changes within the industry, the Group boosted quality in all aspects by working on ‘refining location planning,
creating new products, enhancing customer services and encouraging synergy among shareholders’, thus building
a solid foundation for the realization of our strategic goals.
 Augmented the principal businesses across the board and fortified the core
competitiveness
In 2016, the Group’s principal businesses progressed in leaps and bounds in terms of scale, profits and risk resistance.
Total contracted sales in the year exceeded RMB50 billion for the first time, growing approximately 24% year-on-year
and reaching a historical high. Sales volume was also more evenly distributed among regions, seasons and businesses.
The Group’s total revenue in 2016 reached RMB34,551 million, up by about 12% year-on-year (YoY), delivering a profit
attributable to owners of the Company of about RMB3,812 million, an increase of about 60% YoY. Total revenue from
property development business of the Group reached RMB30,809 million, rising by 14% YoY and over 90% came from
tier-one and tier-two cities, going up by 10 percentage points. Contributions from tier-three cities came from
cultivating cities such as Zhongshan. Results of the Group’s adjusted location planning strategy of withdrawing from
tier-three and tier-four cities and deep penetration of city clusters and major tier-two cities were becoming evident.
 Intensified overall cash flow management and further optimized debt structure
As a result of intensified cash flow management, the Group achieved a cash collection of more than RMB43 billion,
rising substantially by nearly RMB10 billion YoY. We grasped a window in the bond market and issued corporate
bonds in total of RMB4 billion at a rate of 3.5% for a five-years term only, hitting a historical low. Through early
repayment of high-interest loans, strict control of new loans and innovative finance channels, the Group managed
to reduce the comprehensive cost of finance from 6.25% in 2015 to 5.38% in 2016, maintaining interest-bearing
debt at about RMB43,810 million. As at the end of 2016, the Group had cash in hand RMB22,341 million, at a net
gearing ratio of 44%, 15 precentage points lower YoY. At the same time, the Group fine-tuned its debt structure
further to keep its two-year debts of about RMB10 billion, putting it in a strong position to grow during a period of
stable monetary policy.
 Continued to optimize location planning
and effectively control land cost
In 2016, the Group was determined to cultivate city clusters and
major tier-two cities as demanded by its strategy. The Group
replenished nearly 5 million sq.m. of land bank primarily in the
Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region, the Yangtze River Delta, the Pearl
River Delta and prime tier-two cities, also to go into Changsha
for the first time. In view of the fierce competition in the open
market, the Group explored alternative ways of acquiring land
and acquired over 60% of the projects at relatively advantageous
prices through cooperation and merger and acquisitions. As a
result, key indicators such as gross profit ratio of newly-acquired
land and internal rate of return managed to rise in a downward
market. The Group’s land bank was further optimized in both
location and cost, reserving ample buffer against cyclical market
fluctuations and for counter-cyclical acquisition of quality land.
 Revitalized our brand and refining its value
The fourth phase of strategic development required the Group
to take a holistic approach in building a diversified business with
five focuses on property development, investment property
development, customer service business, product construction
and real estate finance. As the business structure became more
established, the Group revitalized its branding after a year’s
deliberation and planning. On 14 June, the Group hosted a
presentation entitled ‘Changing Together for Healthy Buildings’
to launch a completely new branding, redefining and upgrading
the brand’s positioning, content, image and structure. Branding
of the Group developed into a combination of profits operation
comprising ‘Sino-Ocean Group’, ‘Sino-Ocean Real Estate’, ‘SinoOcean
Commercial Property’, ‘Sino-Ocean Service’, ‘Sino-Ocean
Capital‘ and ‘Sino-Ocean Construction’. The Group believed that
delivery of values should be guided by human’s needs and
values, hence construction should be concerned with the health
needs of the human who live and work in the buildings. The
Group had firmly established ‘health’ as a major feature of our
products and used healthy construction to start an era of healthy
living with all stakeholders.
 Raised quality of products to build
advantage in construction
Since ‘health’ had been established as the major feature of its
products, the Group introduced and rapidly implemented WELL
standard, which had been adopted in 12 projects covering more
than one million sq.m.. On 22 February 2017, WELL Living Lab
(China), the first of such lab in Asia, was launched in Sino-Ocean
Ying Chuang, Wellness Industrial Park, providing powerful
support to the mission of ‘creating quality living environments
for mid to high-end urban citizens and high-end business
clients’. At the same time, by segregating development and
construction, boosting full-cycle project management and
stepping up execution to target, the Group managed to keep 
construction cost of its principal development business at
industry’s optimal level through improved cost control. After
years of intensive refinement, the Group succeeded in improving
its products not only in quantity but also in quality in 2016.
Quality surveys showed that the Group’s residential projects
under construction were in the top tier of the industry, whereas
marketing presentation and quality products delivered were also
essentially higher.
 Fortified strategic planning and elevated
operating capability
In 2016, while maintaining the scale of the traditional property
development business, the Group invested more resources in
investment property development, customer service businesses
and real estate finance, raising the core capability of its
investments. Cultivation in the operating capabilities of the
various businesses broke new grounds.
Income from the Group’s investment properties enjoyed a stable
growth as our operating capability matured. Fine-tuning and
systematic alignment of retail space, raised rentals, improved
income structure and tightly managed operating costs all
contributed to a substantial YoY growth in EBITDA. Total rental
income in 2016 was approximately RMB2.5 billion, of which
attributable income was approximately RMB1.7 billion. As
regards projects in operation, there was material increase in
rental income on tenancy renewal for Ocean Plaza and Ocean
Office Park in Beijing. Business operation of large-scale
commercial complex Sino-Ocean Taikoo Li Chengdu has been
going from strength to strength since opening and become a
commercial landmark in the Southwest Region. As regards office
space, a strategic cooperation agreement with the world’s top
co-work space operator WeWork was signed to land their first
project in the Asia-Pacific market, to be followed by full
cooperation in numerous projects to come. In addition, the
Group completed acquisition of mature office blocks East Ocean
Center and Ke En Project in Shanghai. Several medium to large
complexes in Beijing, Tianjin, Wuhan and Nanjing are
progressing simultaneously. Investments in We-life Plaza in
Tianjin and Grand Canal Place in Hangzhou were complete in
2016 and are scheduled to open in 2017, both offering promising
prospects.
The traditional property service business completed its
development platform and chain of business. Ocean Homeplus
Property Service Corporation Limited (“Ocean Homeplus”) was
officially listed on 9 May 2016 on the National Equities Exchange
and Quotation System (stock code: 837149.OC) becoming its
largest listed property service company. It was the Group’s first
independent listing of a specific business unit. As it expanded its
scale in the market, Ocean Homeplus launched innovative
community services such as study rooms and storage in tier-one
cities in a massive way. Test runs for its IT-based intelligent
community service system began.In the meantime incubation work on customer services yielded
visible results. The Yijiequ community services O2O platform
signed up 183 mid to high-end projects in 2016, covering more
than 300,000 households in 350 communities. The Group’s
healthcare service ‘Health in Here’ was launched in 2016 with the
opening of Beijing Wangjing Boya Clinic and Beijing Guomao
Guanghua Clinic. The medical team was in place and the
business model basically established.
Both operating and expansion capabilities of our senior living
business proved excellent. Senior Living L’Amore Yizhuang
enjoyed full occupancy after opening for three years. Both Senior
Living L’Amore Qingta and Senior Living L’Amore Beiyuan
opened in 2016 and have been enjoying remarkable occupancy.
The Qingta project in particular exceeded 60% in 10 months
after opening, a front-runner in the industry. The Group lockedin
11 projects during the year and acquired the first senior living
community project Senior Living L’Amore Hangwan Continuing
Living Retirement Community, to be followed by stronger
presence in tier-one major cities and coastal cities to boost
business scale rapidly.
Real estate finance was another highlight in the Group’s
performance and gradually achieving the strategic goal of being
industry-and-capital-driven. In 2016, assets under management
in the real estate funds were approximately RMB35 billion,
growing approximately 40% YoY and of which equity
investments rose materially. The funds also brought about
financial synergy in the Group’s primary businesses of property
development and investment property development. In 2016,
the Group also successfully re-sold over RMB10 billions of funds,
establishing a virtuous cycle of financing, investing, managing
and exiting. In terms of equity investments, the Group bought
equity in Capital Juda (stock code: 1329.HK), China Logistics
(stock code: 1589.HK), CSJ-SBI Financial Media and Jiuye Supply
Chain as a strategic investor. While producing considerable
income, these investments also complemented the Group’s
operating capabilities in real estate and finance. In terms of
overseas investment, property development and investment
property development in North America marked a good start of
global configuration of the Group’s assets and businesses.
 Persevered with creative management to
raise executive prowess continually
In line with the principles of ‘business-oriented, horizontal and
flexible’ proposed in 2015, the Group in 2016 continued to refine
organization structure and management, encourage business
units to initiate work independently, augment planning based
on a project’s full-cycle, match targets achieved with rewards
and raise IT level for internal management. The team’s
enthusiasm among staff was perceptibly higher and the attitude
to ‘achieve set targets, pursue the ultimate and change
proactively’ was prevalent. The team’s enhanced execution
capability enabled smooth and efficient progression of various
tasks including de-stocking, product delivery, work-in-progress
and solving outstanding problems. Performance indicators for
net assets, sales income and net profits set for the year by the
fourth phase of strategic development were basically achieved.
Augmented shareholder synergy and
reinforced equity structure
As major shareholders, China Life Insurance (Group) Company
and Anbang Insurance Group Co., Ltd. have always provided
strong support to the Group. As regards to corporate
governance, they have always maintained a stable shareholding
ratio and in addition to directors, each appointed a member of
senior management in 2016 to be involved in the overall
management and major decisions, encouraging strategic
synergy between the shareholders and the Group. In terms of
capital, they were the first to subscribed to the Group’s several
offshore and onshore bond issues. During the year, the Group
explored extensively various areas for cooperation opportunities,
and succeeded in collaborating on a strategic level and
launching projects in investment property development, equity
investments, development and operation of senior living and
overseas investments. As business grew steadily, location
planning improved continually and cooperation with major
shareholders became closer, the Group’s influence and
i m p o r t a n c e t o t h e m a j o r s h a r e h o l d e r s w e r e f u r t h e r
strengthened, shareholder synergy increased and its equity
structure will continue to be stable.
2016 market review
2016 was a year of cycle reversal for the real estate industry. The
relaxed policies since 2014 produced satisfactory results on destocking
in the past year. Both volume and sales prices of
commodity housing in major cities throughout the country in
the first three quarters climbed. Total GFA of commodity housing
sold in 2016 rose to 1,573.49 million sq.m., an increase of 22.5%
YoY. Total sales reached RMB11,762.7 billion, rising by 34.8%
YoY, an all time high. Stock available for sale at the end of the
year decreased even when investments in property development
and GFA of new work rebounded. The rapid rise in transactions
boosted property prices in popular cities excessively and also the
potential risk of asset bubbles. In March 2016, some cities reintroduced
policies to restrict purchase, loan and price. Since
September, guided by the objectives of ‘de-leveraging’ and
‘suppressing asset bubbles’, major tier-one and tier-two cities
adjusted the policies according to their own situation and
tightened overall policies on purchase, loan, selling price, capital
and land, transactions dropped as a result. Prices of commodity
housing went into a period of stable consolidation.
The fluctuations of the market accentuated the differentiation of
various cities. Asset prices of tier-one cities in prime city clusters
such as Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region, the Yangtze Delta and
Pearl River Delta quickly approached those of international cities
and influenced transaction volumes and prices of peripheral
cities such as Langfang, Suzhou, Foshan and Dongguan. Total
GFA of commodity housing transacted in the three major city
clusters amounted to 40% of the national total. Residential prices
in regional centre cities such as Hefei, Zhengzhou, Wuhan and
Jinan rose by 20%–40% YoY and stock for sale dropped to a
record low. However, population in most tier-three and tier-four
cities is unlikely to grow much. Therefore, overall stock level
remained high despite improved transaction volumes and prices.
People, resources and economic activities continued to be
drawn towards prime city clusters and regional centre cities.
These cities are still the foci of China’s regional economic
development and the real estate industry will continue to
gravitate towards the regions mentioned above.
As GFA sold and sales amount reached historical high again, the
industry’s total growth approached its limit and competition
became even steeper. Pace of industry consolidation escalated.
Sales of the top ten property developers exceeded 21% of the
market share in 2016, 1.4% higher YoY. Market share of the next
20 developers dropped YoY and competition among branded
enterprises heightened. As fierce competition in land bidding
thrust land prices up, many plots were acquired at a premium in
2016 in the open market, each one higher than the other.
Although the ratio of land sales in tier-one cities decreased,
average land price of urban residential plots in 35 medium to
large cities increased by approximately 38.1% accumulatively in
the first three quarters and by 48.6% in the third quarter YoY.
Faced with steep competition, property enterprises actively
sought opportunities for acquisitions of companies and projects.
Certain benchmarking enterprises had completed mergers and
acquisitions at the company level. More and more developers
are choosing merges and acquisitions of projects, jointdevelopment
and joint-acquisition of land as ways to tackle high
land prices.
Market outlook in 2017
China’s macro economy is still facing enormous internal and
external pressures in 2017. The Central Government is working
on stable growth but at the same time risk aversion. The goal is
for the country’s GDP to have a steady but progressive growth of
about 6.5%. At the same time, to avoid fluctuations in asset
values and systemic financial risk brought about by gearing in
the initial phase, the government was determined to implement
strict overall control in the real estate market since October 2016.
Money supply was effectively controlled. All major cities in China
continued to tighten land acquisition and policies on real estate
finance and property sale. The likelihood of returning to lax real
estate policies and letting property investments to stimulate the
macro economic growth is small. The Central Economic Working 
Conference has proposed policies to curb real estate bubbles on
the one hand and prevent excessive fluctuations on the other
hand as the way the industry will go by in 2017.
In a regulated environment, superior property enterprises may
see a rare window of opportunity in an unfavorable market in
2017. The People’s Bank of China, the China Securities Regulatory
Commission, the China Banking Regulatory Commission and the
Asset Management Association of China strictly prohibit irregular
entry of all non-standardized funds into real estate. Since the
Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange raised
the threshold for the issue of corporate bonds by property
enterprises, industry players are now relying more and more on
their own funds. Many property companies recently were unable
to raise capital they set out to do. In the meantime, the stringent
control on property prices limited profit-yield of land acquired
at high cost. The pressure on capital will provide considerable
mergers and acquisitions opportunities for property enterprises
in a solid financial position. In addition, with this round of
regulations of ‘supporting reasonable self-use purchase’,
demand in city clusters and major tier-two cities is suppressed in
the short-term but will be released in an orderly manner later. In
tier-one and tier-two cities where overall stocks are relatively low
and have room for sales transactions and prices to grow, a
sensible location planning of land bank will give premium
developers a foundation for sustainable growth.
Certain emerging sub-segments in the real estate industry are
hoped to progress from incubation to fast-growth in 2017. On
the one hand, in an environment in which the primary business
is affected by macro policies, traditional business becomes more
competitive and core competitiveness of emerging subsegments
matures, property developers have the motivation
and capability to speed up the growth of a diversified business.
On the other hand, socio-economic changes such as the rising
consumption power of the urban middle-class, the ageing of the
first generation of baby-boomers, the bigger singles population
and a lower threshold to starting a new business have created a
lot of rooms for mid to high-end commercial space, logistics real
estate, senior living real estate, long-lease apartments and cowork
space to develop. To grow rapidly in areas where one has
core competitiveness and resources, participating in setting
industry standards and establishing an advantageous position
will be the vantage point that traditional property developers
fight for.
Company strategies in 2017
In view of the new circumstances and opportunities presented
by the macro economy and the industry, the Group will,
according to the set targets and requirements of the fourth
phase of strategic development, perform its various tasks around
the principles of ‘optimizing management, creating values,
elevating efficiency and accelerating results’ to build momentum
on a sound, sustainable and steadfast basis.
Define authority and responsibilities and
fortify execution prowess
The Group will empower the positioning of income center, cost
center and profit center in each business to determine its
regional strategy, resource allocation, business execution,
promote localized management of all resources to encourage
independence of each business and initiatives to deliver better
performance. The Group’s head-quarters will continue to provide
support, set standards, control at high level and share
monitoring to ensure effective synergy among various
businesses and thorough execution of the Group’s development
strategy. The full-cycle operation plan of projects will be a
powerful starting point for the Group’s internal management
and the basis on which staff deployment, setting of assessment
standards and financial forecast will be determined. Middle and
senior management will be appraised and incentivized by
measuring quality of execution against set standards objectively.
 To be performance-oriented and
translating capabilities into values
As capabilities and accumulated cooperation resources of the
Group’s various businesses mature, the Group in 2017 will
translate these into values for the Company and shareholders.
Land plots will continue to be acquired flexibly and through
various channels to ensure quality in the rapid expansion of new
projects. Products will be professionally and exquisitely crafted
with an artisan spirit, and services will be refined continually.
These changes will be turned into brand premium. Co-operation
with excellent partners will be extended to more areas and on a
larger scale. More talents will be recruited and a more
performance-oriented incentive mechanism will be in place to
ensure the above-mentioned translation.
 Exploit fully all resources, control costs
stringently to raise efficiency
The Group will encourage awareness of resources across the
board. First, it will raise the efficiency of financial resources by
doing multi-faceted and frequent analyses on operational
activities to ensure the best allocation, increase capital turnover
and the ability to deliver results. Secondly, it will continue with
asset management started in 2016, provide high incentives and
invigorate inefficient assets. Thirdly, it will watch closely
resources spent on development and operation. The Group will
augment sales capabilities in all aspects and build systems to
ensure all resources are deployed at appropriate market value.
The Group will also promote comprehensive cost management
to delineate all costs, apply stringent assessment and execution
of cost-control over the full-cycle of each project, boost
relationship between cost-control and reward to further enhance
cost-competitiveness in all businesses.
Fully grasp the industry’s tempo to
enhance performance
The Group will grasp opportunities presented by fluctuations in
the industry and make the most of all carefully garnered
advantages to enhance performance in all aspects. A scheme to
boost sales volume of property development has been launched
within the year. While adhering to the investment criteria, the
Group will match the rate of increasing land bank replenishment
with that of sales volume. New entries to certain important tiertwo
cities and regions have produced results as this annual
report is released. As regards investment property development,
the Group will make major breakthroughs in the scale, profit
model and development capability. It will raise significantly or
even double the business scale of property management and
senior living while aiming for exponential growth in innovative
businesses. For real estate finance, the Group will also boost the
operating capability of capital appreciably, raised the ratio of
equity investments and overseas investments in order to double
the scale of managed assets in the next few years and seek to
approach both mainstream and alternative asset management
platforms globally.
Appreciation
On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my deepest
gratitude to all shareholders, investors, local authorities, business
partners and customers who have been most supportive; also to
our directors, management and the entire staff for their
dedicated hard work. We could not have performed so well and
achieved our targets in the past year without their unreserved
support!
LI Ming
Chairman