Chairman s Statement 
It is my pleasure to present the results of Sino- Ocean Land Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the Group or we ) for the year ended 31 December 2012.

Annual Results and Final Dividend for 2012 For the 12 months ended 31 December 2012, the Group recorded revenue of RMB28,658 million and gross profit of RMB7,699 million, representing year-on-year ( YoY ) increases of 44% and 23% respectively. Profit attributable to owners of the Company totaled RMB3,796 million and earnings per share was RMB0.542.
Based on the profit attributable to owners of the Company in 2012, the Board of Directors is pleased to propose a final dividend of HK$0.17 per share for the year ended 
31 December 2012. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.06 per share, the total dividend per share for 2012 was HK$0.23 (HK$0.15 in 2011) with a dividend payout ratio of 29% (27% in 2011).
The Board also recommends offering shareholders the option to receiving the 2012 final dividend wholly or partly in the form of new shares allotted and credited as fully paid up in lieu of cash, subject to approval by shareholders for payment of the 2012 final dividend at the Company s annual general meeting (the AGM ), and the granting by the Listing Committee of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) of the listing of, and permission to deal in, the new shares to be issued 
2012 marked the third year of the Group s phase three strategic development plan. Guided by a roadmap of stringent cost control; accelerated asset turnover; focus on developing established regions; and exploring new businesses laid out at the beginning of the year, we realized sustainable growth in sales, operating revenue and net profit. We are pleased to report that we have met and indeed exceeded all result targets. For the year 2012, the Group realized contracted sales of RMB31,119 million, representing a YoY growth of 15%, and the target was met two months ahead of schedule.
Stringent Cost Control Measures Enhanced 
Thanks to a more stringent and refined audit system for full project cycle construction cost targets, the Group successfully compressed and optimized building costs.
Greater efforts were directed to push forward strategic procurement and regional centralized purchasing; databases for costs, suppliers and workmanship standards were established; and cost control became more 
systematic. Our determination in controlling costs was well communicated throughout the Group and all measures were effectively implemented. During the year, the ratio of selling and marketing costs together with administrative expenses to total revenue ratio dropped 1%. Always safeguarding financial soundness, we also seized the opportunity to optimize our debt structure. Interest- bearing liabilities were reduced in size to RMB32.4 billion, down 3.6% YoY. In 2012, we booked an impressive net profit of RMB3,796 million, up 48% YoY.
Extensive Measures Speeded up Asset Turnover for Higher 
At the beginning of 2012, we adjusted 
organization structure for a new two-tier framework of group-city-and-project .
Efforts were concentrated on building municipal enterprises based on product and business lines. On the front of organizational restructure, we streamlined manpower as well as reporting levels and speeded up response. As a result, overall operating efficiency was significantly improved. The Group realized RMB28,658 million of sales revenue in 2012, up nearly 44% YoY, while total workforce was downsized instead of upsized. Total asset turnover increased to 24% during the year, representing 4% growth YoY.
Nationwide Setup Created Strategic Advantages and Strengthened Market Share The number of cities contributing to the Group s contracted sales grew more than double from 9 in 2010 to 18 in 2012.
Carried over sales from property development in 2012 totaled RMB26,053 million, up 48% YoY. Such revenue was contributed by 10 cities. Staying prudent, the Group only acquired three land lots in cities with existing presence during 2012. Lot no. 3 of Zhong Hua Lu in Dalian, Phase 2 Fushun Ocean City and the Shengping project in 
Progressive Business Diversification Set to 
After several years of dedicated effort, the commercial property business segment is now ready for harvest. As at the end of 2012, investment properties held by the Group totaled approximately leasable area of 488,000 sq.m. and works in progress exceeded 1 million sq.m. Rental income continued to grow, reaching RMB414 million (2011: RMB340 million) to record a significant YoY increase of 22%. Indigo (Beijing), the Group s joint project with Swire Properties Limited, came into full operation. Tenancies were secured for 80% of shopping center spaces and office premises. The Group s first ever independent 
shopping center development and investment project Ocean We-Life Plaza (Beijing) also came into operation in January 2013. The Group s real estate financing assets under management now exceed RMB2 billion and they are now a new source of profit contribution. The senior housing segment advanced by leaps and bounds in the period under review. The construction of the first project in Beijing will soon be completed.

Having trod a road of high speed growth for more than a decade, the property market of China is now relatively mature. It has entered a new era characterized by three 
Ocean " Diamond Bay Total GFA: 2,510,000 sq.m.
Total saleable GFA: 1,629,000 sq.m.
Attributable interest to our Group: 90% Usage: Residential and retail space 
key features. The first feature is subduing growth with total volume remaining high. In 2012, GFA sold in commodity housing totaled 1.113 billion sq.m., up only 1.8% YoY. The pace of growth has been slowing down for three consecutive years (10.1% in 2010; 4.9% in 2011). While decelerated growth is partly a result of actual government intervening measures, China s weaker economic growth has also made an impact. Meanwhile, the percentage of working-age people in the national population has been trending down, and the pace of urbanization is slowing down after crossing the 50% mark. The outlook of the property market is still positive, nonetheless.
There is an undoubtedly huge demand for commodity housing The Chinese economy will still see 7 8% growth in the future; there is still great demand from great numbers of home-buyers; and urbanization will progress at a rate of 1% annually in the 
The second feature is differentiation between cities, corporations and products have been intensifying and market concentration continued to heighten.
Although sales volume grew invariably in all cities in China, there was considerable disparity between tier 1, tier 2 and tier 3 cities which recorded 41%, 31% and 22% growth respectively (Source: CREIS). Such difference is quite comprehensible. Over the past few years, tier 1 cities and some over-heated tier 2 cities saw the tightest restriction on purchase, which created greater backlog demand. As the market bottomed in the first quarter, expectations changed quickly. Property buyers regained enthusiasm and the markets rebounded. Relative to these big cities, tier 3 and tier 4 cities saw milder rises in transaction volume. Control measures introduced earlier had limited impact on these markets so there was no incentive for rebound, yet overall market capacity was still above the 2009 high and there was further industry 
consolidation. Top 20 companies with strongest national contracted sales saw their market shares up 2% to approximately 18%, sustaining the trend that the strong is getting stronger. In 2012, GFA sold of offices grew at a faster pace than residential properties. As domestic companies continue to expand, demand for quality offices, particularly in developed tier 1 and tier 2 cities, remained 
The third feature is that the industry generally recognizes the importance of business diversification. Many real estate companies are actively exploring property investment. In the past few years, many traditional residential property developers, including industry leaders, announced ambitious development plans to tap the commercial property market. This fueled another round of commercial property fever , with many tier 2 and tier 3 cities planning mega commercial developments like offices, shopping centres, urban complexes and high-class hotels. Given that commercial property developments are very different from residential projects, the former faces unprecedented great challenges and high risks while backing of stronger operating strengths and system integration capabilities is essential. It is by no means an easy path. We feel that the commercial property market should be approached with caution and good preparations must be made at least five years in advance before fully engaging oneself. Instead of jumping on the bandwagon, we think it is important to make detailed deployment. To enjoy success in the commercial property market, it is imperative to work through every link of the chain, from investment, financing, land acquisition, market positioning, planning and design, promotion, construction to operation.
It is a classic case of one careless move loses the whole 
We think the property market in China will maintain stable growth in 2013, with market diversification becoming more evident. Market situation in the second half will depend on many factors including price tendency. If increases exceed government and buyer expectations, there will be downside risk. Given the existing stringent control measures, the government will essentially ensure detailed implementation of the policy in 2013. As reflected by the market, the existing differentiated control measures are very effective. This approach is likely to continue and intensify demand from owner-occupiers will continue to drive the market.
Specifically, demand in tier 1 cities will remain strong because supply is scarce and the local population bases generally exceed 10 million. Furthermore, these cities 
generally absorb thousands of new residents every year so the demand will remain strong and there is definite upward pressure for price adjustment. However, property prices relative to personal income are already quite high, and the rigid backlog demand stocked up since 2011 has been progressively released since the second quarter of 2012, coupled by the fact that this is a major target for government intervention measures, so it is highly unlikely for property prices to go up drastically. Less urbanized than tier 1 cities, tier 2 cities have relatively large and low- density population bases which offer significant late- developing advantage. They are new growth poles of the national economy as well as the property market. Given a more balanced situation of overall supply and demand, and a steady release of demand in the future, property prices in tier 2 cities will appreciate steadily. Tier 3 and tier 4 cities, on the other hand, are generally facing the risk of excessive supply, although regions within the radiation range of major cities will fare better. Despite external uncertainties, the Group remains optimistic about economically developed coastal and riverside core cities and their peripheral regions. Our basic argument is that these regions enjoy greater economic strength and are supported by new urban populations with stronger late-starter momentum.
Getting prepared for possible economic downturn, the Chinese government has been engineering the next stimulus package to push forward a national strategy for new urbanization. This will be augmented by plans to double resident income, promote domestic trade and expand consumption. In this economic backdrop, buyers will continue to favor commercial properties in core and prime locations of tier 1 cities and developed tier 2 and tier 3 cities. However, when assessing the potentials of any commercial property project, it is important to consider the location, the local government as well as the developer. In addition to construction and operation capabilities, a developer should also have means and channels to financing, so as to address the huge capital need of property development projects.

Looking back at the Group s performance since inception 20 years ago, we take pride in what we have achieved to date. We do recognize, nonetheless, the need to put past results aside and seek continued development and growth.
For 2013, the Group s business purpose is to enhance profitability and continue on a road of sustainable development that underscores effectiveness and quality.
First: enhance effectiveness. Aiming at further enhancing product and service quality, we will implement a price adjustment strategy to improve margins. At the same time, 
we will continue to actively control selling and marketing and administrative expenses to improve capital efficiency, optimize debt structure and maintain financial integrity. The Group will also continue to improve the cost control system and launch a cost management plan, while ongoing tactical procurement and centralized purchasing initiatives will continue to help us realize economies of scale.
Second: enhance quality. To begin with, we will build three major product lines mid-range, luxury and low- density properties to focus on buyers needs and enhance operating efficiency. This will translate into economies of scale and lay a sound foundation for growth in business results. Next, we will step up efforts in training, implementation and audit of product construction standardization and standardized management. The ongoing general manager approval system for work project management and planning will ensure that product construction capabilities can be upgraded continuously.
Lastly, on the front of property management and customer service, the group will increase the frequency of our partner manufacturer and customer satisfaction survey and introduce nodal point assessment to turn the satisfaction survey into a true management tool.
Third: a stronger structure for sustainable growth. One key point is to ensure a balanced business structure. The Group will have about 200,000 to 300,000 sq.m. properties coming into operation, including the commercial premises of Ocean We-Life Plaza Beijing; commercial premises of We-Life Tianjin; commercial premises of Pinnacle One, another joint project with Swire Properties in Chengdu; and offices and commercial premises of Ocean International Center II in Beijing. Meanwhile, we have built tactical partnership with Emeritus, the prominent senior housing business operator in the US. The first retirement property project in Yizhuang, Beijing, will come into operation soon.
Another key point is to ensure timely land development.
Going forward, we will stick to our prudent principles and regional development focus to seize opportunities to maintain sizeable land reserves to meet development requirements in the coming three to five years. The third key point is to ensure continuous development of our team. Through training programs like Ocean Explorer , Voyage Starter and Captain , we recruit capable employees from high schools as well as qualified labor unions, and identify existing employees with promotion potentials. Strong support is provided for staff development and team building. The fourth key point is to optimize the management platform. An integrated information system will go online for commissioning within this year. It will further reduce management cost and promote control effectiveness.

Compliance is the cornerstone of our operation. We strive for the highest level of corporate governance. To raise standards on an ongoing basis, we keep abreast of the latest corporate governance developments. Following the shareholding structure adjustment in 2010, China Life and Nan Fung Group became the Group s largest and second largest shareholders respectively. In the last two years, our shareholding structure has been diversified, balanced and sound. This favourable status will be unchanged in the 
As the world s biggest life insurer by capitalization, China Life has an extensive business network in China. It is also a highly experienced player of the investment market. Nan Fung Group is one of Hong Kong s leading property developers with a strong reputation in the high-class residential and commercial property sectors. These two shareholders have great strengths and they have made timely, professional and objective inputs to our management for more than two years. They provide robust support for the Group s future business growth.
Our Board continues to maintain a balanced governance structure. Our four board committees enhance the Board s operation efficiency and optimize decision-making, while aiding the development of hierarchical systems. Being financial, legal or real estate experts, our ten directors in office offer their respective expertise to make significant contributions to financial management, risk control and investment decision-making. Our four independent non- executive directors, in particular, provide professional and independent monitoring as well as advice to facilitate business development. In the future, the Group will maintain and indeed improve our high level of governance.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my deepest gratitude to all shareholders, investors, local governments, partners and clients for their unfailing support. We sincerely thank our directors, the management team and staff. Without their unstinting efforts, we would not have enjoyed such outstanding results and met our goals in the 
12 March 2013, Hong Kong.

