Chairman s Statement 
The Group has adopted a steady and systematic development strategy to further strengthen its presence in the Pan-Bohai Rim and to gradually expand into other regions with rapid growth in properties demand& 
It is my honor and pleasure to present herewith to shareholders the first annual report of Sino-Ocean Land Holdings Limited since its listing on the Stock Exchange on 28 September 2007. For the year ended 31 December 2007, the Group achieved satisfactory growth in its businesses, and further solidfied its leading position in the PRC real estate industry.

For the year ended 31 December 2007, the Group s revenue reached RMB5.75 billion and gross profit reached RMB1.91 billion, representing an increase of 55.0% and 75.2%, respectively, over 2006. Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company in 2007 was RMB1.72 billion, an increase of 201.8% over 2006. Basic earnings per share were RMB0.512. The Board of Directors ( the Board ) proposed a final dividend of HKD0.12 per share for the year ended 31 December 2007.

2007 was a fruitful year for the Group, and represented an important milestone in its development history. The Company s shares were successfully listed on the Stock Exchange on 28 September 2007. The proceeds from the initial public offering (the IPO ) have significantly strengthened the Group s position of financial resources, and provided funding for the Group s future development plans, thereby laying a solid foundation for sustainable growth in the Group s future earnings.

The Group has adopted a steady and systematic development strategy to further strengthen its presence in the Pan-Bohai Rim, and to gradually expand into other regions with rapid growth in properties demand. Through developing a diversified product mix, optimizing revenue combination, exploring various financing channels, increasing the percentage of investment properties held, and strengthening cost control and operation efficiency, the Group aims at enhancing its profitability, strengthening Sino-Ocean Land brand and adding value to its products.

Since its successful listing on the Stock Exchange, the Company s shareholder base has been further diversified. Shareholders include not only members from the Top 500 enterprises in the PRC (China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company and Sinochem Corporation), but also include a number of reputable international financial investors, such as SSF Livingston Holdings Limited (an affiliate company of Morgan Stanley), Standard Chartered Private Equity Limited, RECP TERA Investors LLC (a company indirectly controlled by Credit Suisse Group), and Indopark Holdings Limited (an indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc.). A diversified shareholder base has helped continuous improvement of the Company s corporate governance structure.
The Group has for a long time attached great importance to corporate governance. With a well-developed corporate governance structure, the Group can make full use of the wisdom and expertise of the directors and senior management so that the management team can effectively execute the strategy set by the Board.
" Company s mission The Group puts emphasis on achieving a win-win result by maximizing its staff 's capabilities and creating a harmonious operating environment. Through continuous innovation and good corporate culture, the Group has taken its social responsibilities into account, strengthened its competitive advantages, and continued to achieve outstanding results for its shareholders, employees and the society as a whole.

Last but not least, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to the members of the Board and the management team for their highly efficient performance, to shareholders, business partners and the local government for their long-term support and trust, as well as to all our dedicated staff for their hard work! 
Hong Kong, China, 27 March 2008 
