CEO s Statement 
We have formulated our strategic development plan for the next five years which lays down the blueprint for rapid expansion of our Group s business scale. While exploring the business opportunities of our Group, we provide continuous support to the healthy development of the property market in our country....

Result of 2009 and Final Dividend Sino-Ocean Land Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as our Group or We ) shared the joy of the recovery of the property market in the PRC in 2009 and our profit attributable to equity holders of the Company reached RMB1,582 million, a 14% increase as compared to 2008 and our earnings per share amounted to RMB0.337.
With reference to our profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for 2009, the Board of Directors (the Board ) is pleased to propose a final dividend of HKD0.05 per share for the year ended 31 December 2009. Including the interim dividend of HKD0.04 per share, total dividend per share for 2009 was HKD0.09 per share (2008: HKD0.10 per share) or a dividend payout ratio of 26% (2008: 29%).

Market Review and Outlook At the beginning of 2009, many conservative investors expected the PRC economy and the asset prices would still be struggling with the risk of recession. However, unlike the U.S. and Europe, the PRC had no structural problem and very few toxic assets in its banking system. The most significant impact of the global financial turmoil on the PRC was on its export industry. Therefore, to the surprise of those conservative investors, the stimulus fiscal policy and eased monetary policy adopted by the PRC Central Government (the Central Government ) led to a strong rebound in asset price and property price across the PRC in 2009. The overall PRC economy maintained its upward trend as it did in the past year recording a 8.7% growth in GDP in 2009 and the uncertainty overhung from the global financial turmoil across the PRC had largely gone. At the same time, the country s manufacturing industry was expanding with Purchasing Manager Index over 50 for 10 consecutive months since March 2009 according to the information provided by the China Federation of Logistics & Purchasing. Escalating economic activities was further supported by the increase in new loans of approximately RMB9.6 trillion in 2009.
According to the information from the National Bureau of Statistics of China, total gross floor area (GFA) of commodity housing sold nationwide increased by 42% to approximately 937 million square meter (sq.m.) in 2009, up from approximately 659 million sq.m. in 2008. Total transaction value rose by 76% to approximately RMB4,399.5 billion in 2009, up from approximately RMB2,506.8 billion in 2008. The stimulus fiscal policy and eased monetary policy restored consumers confidence in the property market. We observed a bullish market sentiment in 2009 when property price underwent a V-shape rebound from its trough in 2008. Such rebound was attributable to the strong liquidity and the pent-up demand in 2008 released in 2009. Restricted supply by the reduction of construction work during the financial turmoil compounded by huge demand led to a significant upward adjustment in selling prices in general. This was further accelerated by the inflation expectation during 2009. However, in view of the guidelines and regulative measures implemented by the 
Central Government, we think that such price surge is unlikely to happen again in 2010.
As property sector accounted for a significant portion of the GDP, we believe that the purpose of any regulative policies adopted by the Central Government, same as before, is to suppress the speculative activities and to support the long term and sustainable development of the property market. In view of the over-zealous property market sentiment in 2009, the Central Government issued a series of regulative policies at the end of the year to slow down the upward thrust. These policies included the 11 specific measures issued in early January 2010, which clearly confirmed the requirement of a 40% down-payment for second home mortgage to restrain speculative transactions. The 11 specific measures also aimed at boosting housing supply, especially to the low-income group. Market regulative policy also includes the tightening of the idle land policy, which requires developers to pay an upfront deposit of 50% of the land price upon successful biding in the land auction. In addition, they will be required to pay a penalty on any land plot idle for two years or risk the land being called back by the government. We support increasing the upfront deposit in land auction and tightening of the idle land policy. We truly believe that these policies will help to support the property market s long term healthy growth. We also think that these positive regulative measures will lead to more consolidation in the coming years with the market witnessing financially strong developers standing tall. Our Group s strong financial position will definitely be benefited from this market consolidation. It will also provide us with tremendous acquisition opportunity in 2010.
The purpose of increasing the supply of low end policy housing in 2010 by the Central Government is to solve the housing problem for the low income group. The greater supply of lower end products will further encourage market segmentation, enabling mid-to-high end commodity housing to be more distinguished and thus drawing mid-to-high income group s attention to its better quality and investment value. In view of this, we will augment our supply of mid-to-high end commodity products in 2010 together with providing more value-added services to our customers. We believe that our outstanding quality will differentiate us from our competitors.
Looking ahead in 2010, we believe that the credit market and liquidity will be tightened in view of the rising concern over inflation. Nevertheless, we believe the property market will continue its healthy development.
The promulgation of the city inhabitation card (WEOOI) in certain urban areas started in late 2009 will accelerate the urbanization process across the PRC. This will support the housing demand and the development of the property market. We are of the view that the property market will continue its steady growth in 2010 while the price rise will slow down by the regulative measures adopted by the Central Government but the overall supply will increase. We will pay close attention to the change in policy and adjust our strategy 
In December 2009, we completed the share placement of 934,000,000 shares to China Life Insurance Company Limited ( China Life ) at a subscription price of HK$6.23 per share. In January 2010, China Life further increased their stake in our Group to 24.08% and became our substantial shareholder.
Upon completion of the share placement, China Life may nominate one non-executive Director to the Board as permissible under applicable laws, the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Listing Rules ) and the articles of association of the Company. The management structure will remain unchanged to ensure continuous operation efficiency. Overall, the successful placement of shares to China Life not only brings to our Group a stronger equity base but also strengthens our corporate governance structure through a more diverse shareholding structure.

While we do our best to maximize return to our shareholders, we also believe in taking on social responsibility.
Our participation in various charitable and welfare activities helps create brand value and encourages our staff to design products with care to society. This helps to bring about a win-win situation among shareholders, the corporation and society. Entering into the second year since its establishment in 2008, the Sino-Ocean Charity Fund continues its independent operation and takes on its social responsibility in accordance with its mission to support educational needs and environmental protection.
The following photos indicate some of the major charitable events our Group and the Sino-Ocean Charity Fund participated in 2009.

Our Group received various awards in 2009. Some of the major awards are listed as follows:- 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our shareholders, investors, local government authorities, business partners and customers for their confidence in and valuable support to our Group. I would also like to thank our fellow Directors, the management team and staff for their contributions to our success.

