Chairman s Statement 
RESULT OF 2015 AND FINAL DIVIDEND For the twelve months ended 31 December 2015, our Group recorded RMB30,824 million in revenue, a decrease of 21% compared to the previous year. Gross profit margin for the year remained stable at 21%. Profit attributable to owners of the Company and core profit were RMB2,384 million and RMB3,065 million, dropping 48% and 14% respectively, and earnings per share were RMB0.284.
Based on the profit attributable to owners of the Company in 2015, the Board is pleased to propose a final dividend of HK$0.05 per share for the year ended 31 December 2015.
Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.075 per share, total dividend per share for 2015 was HK$0.125 (2014: HK$0.24), representing a dividend payout ratio of 33% (2014: 31%). The payment of the 2015 final dividend would be subject to shareholders approval at the Company s annual general meeting (the AGM ).

2015 was the first year in the Group s fourth phase of strategic development. In view of the new circumstances and changes in the industry, our Group observed the principles of prioritizing efficiency, making changes proactively, operating prudently, managing risks, making long-term decisions and seeking ultimate standards while implementing our various tasks, making a solid move towards reaching our targets.
A diversified business with four focuses emerged as business structure was re-aligned In accordance with the fourth phase of strategic development, our Group adopted a holistic approach to build a diversified business with focuses on residential development, investment property development, customer services business and real estate financing. In 2015, we increased our investments in investment properties, customer services and real estate financing. The ratio of property development in our new capital investment declined from 90% in the past to 60%.

Our Group s contracted sales in 2015 amounted to RMB40,537 million, same as 2014 on the whole but the quality of sale substantially improved since the launch of information management system. On the one hand, our Group s criteria for confirmed sales were more stringent. In addition, our core profit margin was stable.
Investment property development After years of cultivation, the investment property development yielded results and opened up a vast space for future development. In 2015, our Group s investment properties in operation in first and second-tier cities including Beijing, Tianjin and Chengdu were over 700,000 sq.m. in GFA and 5-year Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) was 40%. Together with our joint ventures and associates, total revenue in the year reached RMB1,488 million, 5-year CAGR was 37%. Currently, our Group s three grade A office premises which are located in Ocean Plaza, Ocean Office Park and Ocean International Center Block A are entering maturity, with EBITDA profit rate above 80%. Our self- owned-brand properties We-Life for the retail sales gradually emerged from the cultivation period with noticeable increase in rental income. Joint projects with Swire Properties Limited, INDIGO and Sino-Ocean Taikoo Li Chengdu located in Beijing and Chengdu respectively, also became important land mark complexes.
Customer service business To further improve management and efficiency, our Group consolidated its traditional property management services to form Ocean Homeplus Property Service Corporation Limited. Its listing application on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations System was submitted in December 2015 and official listing is expected in 2016.
Ocean Homeplus Property Service Corporation Limited currently manages 88 projects of approximately 30 million sq.m. in GFA including residential units, high-end apartments, villas, top grade offices and shopping malls.
Over 50% of the properties are mid to high-end in first and 
Our Group enjoyed a substantial growth in our senior living operation capabilities. In 2015, occupancy rate in our two operating projects in Beijing (Senior Living L Amore Yizhuang and Senior Living L Amore Shuangqiao) rose considerably.
The third project, namely Senior Living L Amore-Qingta will open in March 2016. Our Group also acquired two senior living projects in Shunyi and Tongzhou, both in Beijing, making a breakthrough in planning location of asset-centric 
As regards the innovation aspects of customer services, the on-line community service O2O platform Yijiequ had attracted over 200,000 subscribers and nearly 100 suppliers since its launch in May 2015. In September 2015, our healthcare service was branded Health is Here and the first community healthcare project has been on trial since January 2016. The trial of OK Space, a new joint-office business in Ocean International Center Block A in Beijing, produced satisfactory result.
Real estate financing In accordance with the requirements of our strategy, our Group actively developed real estate financing business through real estate funds, equity investments and overseas investments in 2015 to realize our strategic dual driver Business Operation and Capital Operation . The volume of new assets and managed assets in real estate funds grew significantly. For equity investment, our Group subscribed for the shares of China Huarong Asset Management Co.
Ltd., the biggest asset management company in China, at a consideration of approximately US$680 million in October 2015 and became the largest cornerstone investor in China Huarong s Initial Public Offering. In the future, both companies will work closely on the disposal of distressed assets and property development. As regards overseas investment, our Group s subsidiary, Gemini Investments (Holdings) Limited, invested in Rosemont, a real estate fund in the U.S.. New assets being managed amounted to US$1.8 billion as at 31 December 2015. The Company continued to seek opportunities in the U.S. and Australia.

Re-aligned regional structure and optimized city 
Our Group was determined to optimise location planning by targeting first and second-tier cities. Having made a strategic judgment, our Group has been withdrawing from third and fourth-tier cities since 2014 and disposed certain low-yield projects of 6 million sq.m. At the same time, our Group acquired more land plots in the market down cycle and replenished about 10 million sq.m. of landbank in 2014 and 2015 in first and second-tier core cities including Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin and Wuhan to meet future development needs. In the first half 2015, our Group firstly entered Guangzhou, Hong Kong and Nanjing. As at the end of 2015, over 90% of our Group s landbank is in first and second-tier cities. Having built a reserve of top quality land resources, our Group has completed the re-alignment of regional 
Fine-tuned debt structure and expanded finance 
In 2015, our Group restructured the maturity, type and cost structure of interest-bearing loans through various means.
At the beginning of the year, our Group issued fixed-rate guaranteed notes totaling US$1.2 billion with a weighted average cost of only 5.08%. In mid-year, the Group seized the opportunity provided by a relaxation in domestic finance channels to issue a total of RMB10 billion domestic corporate bonds with the lowest coupon rate at 3.78%. As at the end of 2015 our Group s average cost of capital dropped from 7.08% in 2014 to 6.25% and net gearing ratio also declined from 66% at the end of 2014 to 59%. In addition, we adjusted our debt maturity so that the ratio of maturity within a year dropped from 24% in 2014 to 16%.
As a result, our Group optimized the capital structure and lowered the cost of funding, and is thus in a stronger position to withstand risks.
Modified organization structure and revamped 
In line with our strategic planning, our Group established a management framework in the beginning of 2015 comprising the business units and functional centers based on the principles of business-oriented, flat and flexible . A business unit is a profit center and its decision capacity was expanded to enhance decision quality and efficiency. A functional center is a management center whose role is to support decision-making, develop professional standards, share supervision and generate new ideas. We explored and set up a new incentive mechanism that is based on a project s full-cycle sales result, diminishing boundaries, and equating between targets and rewards to encourage full commitments from the entire sales force.

2015 MARKET REVIEW AND GROUP 
Following the trend in 2014, profound changes in China s real estate industry continued in 2015. As China s economy went into a new norm and policies for the real estate industry still aimed at encouraging consumption and de- stocking , numerous beneficial policies were rolled out. To boost demand for commodity housing, the Central Government reduced interest rates, required reserve ratio and deposit for personal home mortgage several times.
Transaction tax for second-hand properties was also reduced. Local authorities lowered the purchase threshold by adjusting the policies for provident funds and household registration and offered deed tax allowance and cash subsidy. On the supply side, both the Central Government and local authorities rolled out policies to optimize land supply, regenerate existing stock, allow conversion of finished commodity housing to settlement housing or public housing to speed up supply-side reforms .
As more favorable policies were announced, the property market was in a relaxed status never seen before. As market confidence returned, sales volume of commodity housing in China recorded high last year. Data from the National Bureau of Statistics of China indicated that total sales of commodity housing in China in 2015 was RMB8,728.1 billion, not only exceeded that in 2014 (14.4% increase year- on-year) but also in 2013 (7.2% increase year-to-year), reaching the highest in history. Total GFA of commodity housing sold was 1.285 billion sq.m., a 6.5% increase year- on-year compared to that in 2014 but 1.6% lower than in 
Despite a record high sales volume, the imbalance in supply and demand was still a serious problem for the industry as stock of commodity housing also reached a new height.
Data from the National Bureau of Statistics of China showed that the GFA of commodity housing ready to be sold at the year end of 2015 was 718 million sq.m, 15.6% more than that in the end of the year before and at a record high. GFA ready to be sold increased faster than growth rate of GFA sold. Besides, total investment in property development in China grew 1% to RMB9,597.9 billion only in 2015 compared to the previous year, a record low growth rate but still high in amount. As a result of over-development in the past years, there was enormous pressure in shifting stock in 
Differentiation of the property market also intensified. The strong consumption capacities of first-tier cities and some prosperous second-tier cities contributed to the strong market demand, coupled with the easing policies of the government, housing prices stayed high for the year. Third and fourth-tier cities and some less prosperous second-tier cities, despite the increase in their trade volume, were still under considerable pressure from the high stock level, as a result, housing prices remained stable or slightly declined.
Home prices in 100 major cities released by the China Index Academy showed that accumulated growth in home prices in the past year was 4.15%, among which, the growth in first-tier, second-tier and third-tier cities were 17.2%, 0.53% and -1.09% respectively. Disparity between different regions and tiers continued to widen with major property developers increasingly focusing on first-tier and major second-tier 
In view of new developments of the real estate industry, numerous property developers made attempts in new business sectors and upgrade. On the one hand, they actively cultivated the traditional business to extend both up and down-streams, as well as created new products and business models to raise profitability. On the other hand, they explored opportunities in related areas to seek profit growth and to go towards becoming a conglomerate.
2016 MARKET OUTLOOK Under the new norm of stable growth in China s macro economy in 2016, the real estate industry is still challenged by continued stockpiling, sluggish investment and lower profitability. Differentiation of market will carry on while companies continue to focus on de-stocking and encouraging spending. Upgrading and transformation of companies, mergers and acquisitions, restructuring and elimination of weaker players will all be intensified.
In 2016, policies for the real estate industry will continue to relax. The Central Government clearly outline the objective of Removing the over-piling stock, facilitating the real estate industry development. In the short-term, the monetary policy can be further flexible while reforms in the household registration system and land system will beef up urbanization and further encourage demand. Driven by de-stocking and supply-side reform, the property market will remain stable.
Total sales in the year both in terms of GFA and amount will be similar to last year. When the pressure of stock is eased and supply is adjusted, price in general is expected to be 
stable or even looking up. Differentiation among cities, however, remains. Economic outlook in first and major second-tier cities is comparatively stronger as they are able to attract mobility. These cities have the potential to drive up property price and thus are more favored by developers.
Restrained by high stock level, third and fourth-tier cities will continue to encourage transactions with favorable prices to 
In the silver era, it is commonly acknowledged by the industry that changes and reforms are necessary. The golden era for property development being the principal business is in the past. Real estate based financing, customer services and Internet + are all emerging.
Companies are competing on different platforms and are all taking on new challenges of reinvention and new ventures.
Industry competition will be more fierce and diverse in the coming future. To secure a better future, developers can only follow with the trend and reinvent themselves, develop new business models and ideas for profit growth, and embrace a diversified development.
OUR STRATEGY IN 2016 In view of the new circumstances and changes in the industry, our Group will adhere to the objectives and requirements set by the fourth phase of strategic development. We will work according to the principles of optimizing our location planning, offering new products, enhancing services and co-operating with shareholders to ensure quality, sustainable and steady growth.
Optimizing investment planning, reinforcing development with four focuses Our Group will persevere on a holistic approach for our investments. We will optimize investment on the four focuses comprising residential business development, investment property, customer services residential business and real estate financing. For the traditional business of property development, we will continue to concentrate on the more energetic first-tier and core second-tier cities. We will also seek other investment channels such as urban renewal, mergers and acquisitions and disposal of distressed assets, as well as raise the portion of high-yield products in our portfolio. In addition, our Group will increase investment in real estate financing and modern customer services with our own capital to cultivate these businesses into new growth 
Enhancing customer-centric services and reinforcing brand influence With its base on real estate industry, our Group will seize the opportunities to invest in the real estate industry chain and make service income from customers our major source of revenue contribution. Focusing on customers needs, we will raise service standards and efficiency with an innovative and vigorous approach. We will also commit more resources in joint-office, asset custodian, community O2O, senior living and healthcare to raise scale of business in these areas and achieve synergy with traditional business. By creating an integrated and professional customer service platform, our brand influence will be reinforced.
Strengthening product research for even higher quality and originality One of our Group s missions is to create a high-quality environment for the residents in mid-to-high end cities and the clients from high-end businesses. As the enhancement of products becomes the mainstream demand in the market, environmentally-friendly products are gaining popularity among our customers. In 2015, our Group cooperated with Delos, a real estate developer in the U.S., International WELL Building Institute (IWBI) and Green Building Certification Institute to implement WELL building standards in our Group s first project in Guangzhou, Elite Palace, making the project a pioneer project in China to apply the WELL building standards. Looking forward, our Group will focus on the green aspect and enhance the environmentally-friendliness of our products so as to raise competitiveness of our products and improve customers 
Our Group is building an integrated system to streamline across interior design, construction and costing functions.
Through our commitment to professionalism, we raise our product positioning and design prowess, shorten the construction cycle and reduce costs without compromising on the product quality. Being customer-oriented, we align product functionality with customers needs, thus boosting the competitiveness and earning power of our products as well as customer loyalty.

Keep enhancing the synergies with major 
China Life Insurance Group is the largest shareholder of our Group and we are the only listed company of which China Life Insurance Group is a major shareholder to engage in property development, investment and related services professionally. Since 2009, China Life Insurance Group has given our Group great support in various aspects, namely capital, operations and business cooperation. In the future, both parties will continue to strengthen the co-operation in real estate financing, project co-investment, investment properties operation, senior living and property service for the enhancement of strategic synergies.
At the end of 2015, Anbang Insurance Group Co. Ltd became one of our major shareholders. Equipped with solid capital capability and extensive investment experience, Anbang has progressed rapidly in insurance, finance and real estate in the past few years. As the property investment platform for both substantial shareholders, our Group can further maintain and enhance its capital resources, as well as complement shareholders advantages in various aspects in order to attain greater synergies in business. The future development of our Group holds great promise.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my deepest gratitude to all shareholders, investors, local authorities, business partners and customers who have been most supportive; also to our directors, management and the entire staff for their dedicated hard work. We could not have performed so well and achieved our targets in the past year without their unfailing support! 
Hong Kong, 21 March 2016 
