Chairman s Statement 
It is my pleasure to present the result of Sino-Ocean Land Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as our Group or We ) for the twelve months ended 31 December 2010.

Result of 2010 and Final Dividend As at the end of the reporting period, our Group recorded RMB13,721 million in revenue and RMB4,125 million in gross profit, both representing an increase of 55% compared to the previous year. Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company reached RMB2,444 million, and earnings per share amounted to RMB0.398.
Based on the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company, the Board of Directors is pleased to propose a final dividend of HKD0.08 per share for the year ended 31 December 2010. Together with the interim dividend of HKD0.05 per share, total dividend per share for 2010 was HKD0.13 (2009: HKD0.09), a dividend payout ratio of 26% (2009:26%). The Board of Directors also recommends offering to the shareholders the right to elect as an alternative, to receive the 2010 final dividend wholly or partly by allotment of new shares credited as fully paid up in lieu of cash, subject to shareholders approval on the payment of the 2010 final dividend at the Company s annual general meeting (the AGM ) and the granting by the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( Stock Exchange ) of the listing of, and permission to deal in, the new shares to be issued pursuant 
2010 marked the commencement of the third phase of our Group s development strategy. According to our strategy of creating new values, developing new businesses and opening up new regions established early in the year, we took proactive measures to ease the pressures of the macro- economic policies on our businesses, to achieve a healthy growth in our businesses and to obtain a satisfactory operating results, thus setting a suitable scene for the effective implementation of our third phase development strategy.
Property development, our Group s core business, advanced in both scale and quality in 2010. At the end of the year, our Group s contracted sales amounted to RMB21,603 million, a year-on-year growth of 51%. The positioning of our Group s mid-to-high end residential products became more distinguished; and the higher standards of sales and property management services gave us a competitive edge.
Our Group is actively implementing our national strategic plan with a coastal and riparian focus. While maintaining our advantage in the Pan-Bohai Rim region in 2010, our Group also enters into regions that are urbanising rapidly and enjoying strong economic growth including Shanghai, Qingdao, Chengdu, Chongqing, Wuhan, Haikou, Sanya, Changchun and Qinhuangdao. This shows our Group s determined effort to open up markets in the mid-Western region and the Yangtze River Delta. Our nation-wide positioning was essential in propelling the rapid expansion of our businesses, boosting our 
competitiveness, enlarging our development scope and avoiding operating risks.
While expanding our residential property development business, we also made steady progress in the commercial property sector in the year under review. Diversification of our businesses and products helps create a steady income in the future and mitigate the operating risks effectively. During 2010, our Group generated RMB212 million revenue from the property investment, a year-on-year growth of 36%. As the scale of such business became larger, our Group become more experience in developing high-end commercial properties leading to the result that our branding gained further momentum. Ocean Office Park (Beijing) Retail District being awarded 2010 Beijing s Most Distinguished Commercial Property Project is an affirmation of the public s recognition of our brand in commercial properties. Furthermore, the successful acquisition of land plot lot Z6 in Beijing s CBD reinforces the firm foothold our Group has established in China s core business areas and our potential in the commercial property sector. The gradual completion of these new projects is expected to result in our Group s revenue from commercial properties growing in leaps and bounds.

Real estate market has an impact to both the economy and the society; on the one hand, real estate market attracts investments and drives GDP growth; on the other hand, it affects people s livelihood. It is therefore the ultimate goal of the current control measures to maintain a healthy and steady growth of the real estate market and at the same time satisfy the housing demands of people at different income levels. To prevent the real estate market from over-heating, the Central 
Government introduced a series of control policies in April and September 2010 with a view to maintain property prices at a reasonable level through using a combination of economic and administrative measures. These policies on the one hand impose a stringent check on speculative activities in the real estate market and discourage irrational purchases; on the other hand hasten the construction of policy housing and firmly regulate land supply. Excessive price swell is to be halted through augmented supply and regulated demand .
In addition, the implementation of monetary policies will also have a significant effect on the real estate market. Large inflows of capital into the property market have been a major cause to its buoyancy. The market can only be healthy regulated by controlling the fluid capital seeking speculative value appreciation. During the year, interest rate was raised twice, the deposit-reserve ratio increased six times, the size of housing and development loans curtailed and foreign investments in the property market restricted. The tightening monetary policy also produced a remarkable result on curbing property prices. The transaction volume in first-tier cities and several hot-spot second-tier cities will be more affected by the macro-economic measures compared to other second and 
The Central Government s move to regulate the real estate market in 2010, in our opinion, was vital and instrumental in ensuring a healthy and steady development of the market, alleviating the scope for market-bubble and obviating potential risks. The rapid evaporation of real estate value as a result of excessive expansion in developed countries like Europe, the US and Japan was detrimental to enterprises, the market, people and even the country as a whole. However, if the market and the government can join hands, both invisible and visible, 
a balance can be found among property price and people s income and economic growth. By adopting a flexible operating strategy and prudent approach, our Group responds positively to the Central Government s macro-economic measures.
Further, our preparedness, careful planning, robust strength and determined execution have made us the winner during the process of the macro-control of real estate market.
Market Outlook and Prospect Looking ahead, China will go down the route of urbanisation and modern industrialisation, which is the major force to drive this largest developing country into the league of semi- developed nations. The current level of urbanisation in China is at the pivotal point of growing rapidly from 50% to 70%. In the next decade, China s housing demand from the larger urban population and for ameliorative and redevelopment housing will reach approximately 10 billion sq.m., sustaining the continuous growth of China s real estate market.
The ultimate goal of the macro-economic policies is to maintain the steady development of the real estate market, to satisfy the housing needs of people from different income levels, to establish a housing system suitable for the situation in China and to create a dual housing system comprising both commodity housing and policy housing. Nevertheless, existing issues in China s real estate market will not be simply resolved within months of the introduction of the policies. These tightening policies will therefore continue in 2011 and will remain in force. While the effects of the implemented policies will gradually become apparent in 2011, new policies will keep coming to improve the mechanism for a long-term housing system. In such a regulated environment, we reckon that the real estate market for 2011 will see suppressed transaction volume, increased supply, gradual tightening of credits and pressure on average price along with other uncertainties.
Given the thriving economy, accelerated urbanisation, emergence of new city clusters and people s zeal to improve their living conditions, the future of China s real estate market remains upbeat despite the ever-changing environment.
However, changes are beginning to occur in the development modes of the real estate market. Developers who grasp the market trend are upgrading their products continuously, doing their best to know their customers, raising operating efficiency and speeding up turnaround time to build core competitiveness.
This concentration of competition is changing the playing field.
In a market that favours the survival of the fittest, advantage will further lean towards the major brands with modern management and efficient operation. To take advantage of a shifting market, companies must grasp and embrace these 
In view of this new development mode of the real estate market, our Group will stay prudent, proactive, flexible and disciplined to accelerate our pace of development, to enhance our management quality and strengthen our capabilities to seize opportunities and stand up to challenges. To be prudent is to further refine our financial management, improve financial projections, strengthen capital management and planning, and raise accuracy of budget execution, which are for ensuring a 
smooth cash flow for our operation. We will be proactive in speeding up sales and maintaining rapid growth in sales, hastening the cash return from sales, and maintaining a balance between speed and efficiency. In order to be flexible we will strengthen our four core functions: strategy, finance, human resources and risk management. We will also enhance our capabilities in risk control, accurate prediction of the market situation, and timely adjustment of strategy in line with internal and external changes. To be disciplined, on the one hand we will beef up our projects initial positioning, marketing and critical progress; fully exploit the value of our products by getting to know the customers better. On the other hand we endeavour to seize every opportunity to enlarge the scope of our investment in commercial properties and actively explore new business models so that new growth can be charted as quickly as possible.
Corporate Social Responsibility Our Group has always taken our corporate social responsibility ( CSR ) seriously. With a mission to serve the community we actively participate in and support various public services. In the past few years our activities primarily revolved around facilitating education and promoting environmental protection.
We will continue to dedicate ourselves in these two major aspects of public services for the overall benefits of the community, shareholders and business partners.
1.Sino-Ocean Charity Foundation Set up by our Group in August 2008 the Sino-Ocean Charity Foundation is a platform from which we execute our CSR.
Believing in taking real action to demonstrate that we care, we undertook a variety of sponsorships to help educate underprivileged students as well as protect the 
2. Caring for disaster-hit areas Driven by their desire to express care and concern, voluntary groups formed by staff from different departments went to earthquake-struck areas in Yushu, Qinghai last year delivering keep-warm materials to residents and teaching materials to schools.
3. Green living We persevered with our old community, new green campaign and promoted low carbon and green living through an array of environmental protection activities.

4. Caring for youths We care a lot for our youths and actively help build hope for children from families with all sorts of difficulties.
Through a sustainable education sponsorship scheme we offered long-term learning opportunities to deprived children. We also arranged for some nomadic children to visit the World Expo in Shanghai.

After the changes of our shareholding in 2010, a clear shareholding structure of our Group has been formulated with China Life being the single largest shareholder and Nan Fung being the second largest shareholder of our Group. Our shareholders background were further diversified which will facilitate better corporate governance. The composition of our Board will continue to maintain a well-balanced structure with the independent supervision and guidance given by our four independent non-executive directors regarding our business development. As a result, our Group s corporate governance will continue to maintain at a high standard.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincerest gratitude to our shareholders, investors, local authorities, business partners and customers for their great support; and to our fellow Directors, the management team and staff who have worked tirelessly with us. Their dedication and commitment has been instrumental in our 
Hong Kong, 17 March, 2011 
