Chairman s Statement 
Agile is committed to become the most capable China property 
I am pleased to present the annual results of Agile Property Holdings Limited for the year ended 31 December 2007. During the year, the Group s business attained sustainable rapid growth and recorded outstanding performance, which further enhanced our brand influence nationwide, laying the solid foundation for the Group to become the most capable property developer in China.
The year 2007 was the fifteenth anniversary of the Group s property development business and marked an important milestone of Agile s business development. During the year, Agile implemented the strategy of regional diversification and successfully extended its presence in 20 cities across six major regions in China, namely Pearl River Delta Region, Eastern Guangdong, Yangtze River Delta Region, Western China, Hainan and Northeast China.
Currently Agile has a total of 51 projects.
Leveraging on the vision of Develop our future with vision and enthusiasm , the Group continues to reinforce its leading position in the property industry with a healthy, steady and long-term sustainable development.

During the year under review, all operations of Group have grown at a stable pace and posted satisfactory results with its meticulous project management capacities. The Group recorded remarkable growth in turnover and profit as compared to that of last financial year. Turnover and gross profit amounted to approximately RMB10.31 billion and RMB5.21 billion, representing an increase of 54.5% and 82.3% respectively. Profit attributable to shareholders increased by 69.3% over last year to RMB2.10 billion. Net assets per share was RMB2.4 and return on equity was 
The Board proposed to declare a final dividend of 2007 of HK15.3 cents per share. Together with the distributed interim dividend of HK5.5 cents per share, total dividend for the year amounted to HK20.8 cents per share, representing an increase of 73.3% as compared to that of HK 12 cents per share in 2006.
In 2007, the Group s business scale further expanded. Apart from the existing 14 projects, 8 new projects in such areas as Chengdu, Foshan, Huizhou and Heyuan were launched. Total completed GFA was approximately 1.53 million sq.m., and GFA for recognized sales was 1.41 million sq.m.
During the year, Agile was awarded Capital China Outstanding Real Estate and Property Management Enterprise by the Capital magazine. Furthermore, the Company was ranked one of the Top Companies for Leaders in Greater China by HEWITT , RBL Group and Fortune magazine. These accolades and awards have further recognized the Group s ever-growing comprehensive capacity in business development and reflected the concerted recognitions of the Group s integrated values from the community.

The overall economy in China continued to enjoy a robust and steady growth in 2007, with further increment of per capita income. During the year under review, gross national product in PRC amounted to RMB24.7 trillion, representing an increase of 11.4% when compared with last year. The acceleration of urbanisation narrowed the economic gaps between urban and rural areas; the living standards of Chinese people kept improving, with per capita annual income of cities reached RMB13,786, representing growth of 12.2% as compared with last year. The continuous increase of people s spending power and improvement of people s livelihood will further stimulate the demand and in turn accelerate the growth of China property industry.
In an attempt to maintaining sustainable healthy and stable growth for the property market, the Central Government implemented a series of macroeconomic measures. These policies have shown its effectiveness in certain cities with overheating property market and restrained speculations effectively, bringing the property price back to right track. In the long run, the healthy competitions in property market can be maintained, which will create a favorable business environment for property companies. As one of the most capable property developers, Agile was hardly affected by these macroeconomic adjustment policies in short term, and these policies are in fact beneficial to the expansion of large and capable developers like Agile.

The Group implemented development strategies systematically by consolidating the development of its business in Guangdong Province while maintaining prudent expansion outside Guangdong. Following its successful acquisitions of projects in Nanjing, Chengdu and Xian in 2006, the Group acquired premium land sites in Shanghai, Hainan, Chongqing, Shenyang and Nanjing in 2007, realizing its fundamental buildup of leading position covering such strategically regions as Pearl River Delta Region, Eastern Guangdong, Yangtze River Delta Region, Western China, Hainan Province and Northeast China.

Property management, as the basis of after-sale service and brand image elevation, has always been paid the Group s high level of attention to. Our property management companies have been devoted to offering harmonious ambiance in the community, comprehensive services and the best ancillary facilities. It, therefore, won accolades from our occupants and the public. In order to enhance the security control in the community, the Group continued to strengthen its security management by setting up security offices and Two Layers Computerized Security and Reporting Center . During the year under review, Zhongshan Agile Property Management Services Co., Ltd was awarded Youth Civilized Unit in Zhongshan City; La Cite Greenville won Overall Awards for Global Human Settlements Model Community in 2007 ; Nanhai Majestic Garden was granted Property Management Model Community of Foshan City in 2007 and the honors of Green Model Unit of Nanhai of Foshan City .
The numerous awards won by Agile demonstrated the top professional property management service in the community has earned widespread recognitions from the community.

During the year, the Group started its hotel business. Guangzhou Agile Hotel and Foshan Agile Hotel commenced its operation in October 2007 and April 2008 respectively.
Situated at Guangzhou Agile Garden, Guangzhou Agile Hotel was renovated at of 5-star hotel standard. The hotel owns 126 rooms and suites, ballrooms and conference rooms for 20 to 450 people, riverside international gourmet restaurants, star-gazing pubs and a 20,000 sq.m. luxurious mid-level club house with wide variety of facilities.
Guangzhou Agile Hotel Foshan Agile Hotel Shanghai Agile International Plaza 
Situated at Nanhai Majestic Garden, Foshan Agile Hotel was renovated at four-star hotel standard. The hotel owns 205 rooms, Chinese and Western restaurants, red wine house, ballroom, multi-media conference room, business center, and two large sky gardens with lush subtropical landscape.

Agile continued to preserved with its prudent financial strategies. Capitalising on the environment of capital market, the Group adopts a flexible fund strategy to enhance its debt structure and reduce financing risk. In June 2007, the Group signed an agreement with a group of 16 international and domestic banks in connection with a 3-year dual currency revolving credit facility equivalent to US$200 million. The success of re-financing exercise proved that the Group was able to use different financial instruments to raise funds from the capital for supporting its long-term development.
The Group will continue to adopt judicious financial strategies by strengthening cost control and integrated budgeting so as to further consolidate its financial status.
Corporate Governance and Investor Relations Since its listing, Agile keeps on mastery its good relationship with our shareholders and investors through various means of communication aiming to maintain a high degree of transparency and quality management in corporate governance disclosure in the foundation of winery the support by our shareholders.
During the year, the Group was again well recognized by investors with seasoned management team and excellent corporate governance. The Group was granted the Significant Improvement Award in Best Corporate Governance Disclosure Awards 2007 by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Our 2006 Annual Report has also been awarded Silver prizes in the Cover PictureDesign as well as the Written Text categories, Bronze prize in the Interior Design category, and the Honors Award in Chairman s Statement category, by the International Annual Report Committee.
Social Responsibilities and Consciousness of Obligations We strongly believe that a quality enterprise of integrity should have its commitments in fulfilling social responsibilities and obligations. Benefited from favourable economic environment, in the meantime, we always devote to be a good corporate citizen.
During the year of 2007 the group was not only the full year sponsor for Sowers Action and title sponsor for its Walk to Guangzhou . But it has also funded the 6-Hour Children Famine program organized by World Vision.
Our Volunteers took an active role to participate in the activities. The Group launched a number of works in China including subsidizing tree planting in Wuguishan for contributing to our natural environment devastated by hill fire. The Red Cross Donation Box Agile Property has also been an ongoing charitable activity of the Group.
The Group set up Agile Property Scholarship and Study Subsidy for ten universities throughout China, such as Tsinghua University, Tongji University, Tianjin University, Harbin Institute of Technology, aiming at subsidising students, who are excellent both in studies and conduct yet poverty-stricken, to complete their studies. In December 2007, Agile was conferred by the Hong Kong Council of Social Service the Caring Company Logo in recognition of the Group s contributions to social service.

Agile possess a team of talented and dedicated staff members led by a professional team of senior executives who strive together for developing its existing business and exploring new projects.
The management team of the Company introduced continuously world class management concepts while focusing on enhancing ability of execution, optimising internal control system, increasing transparency and accountability of the Company. We strongly believe that talent is an important asset of an enterprise. Our trust on staff members can be transformed into power. The close interrelationship between two parties helps us establish the Company with quality management and strengthen our management of business, giving a clear message to investors that we would make continuous progress in managing our business.

China property market will maintain a sustainable healthy and stable growth after the Central Government implemented a series of macro-economic measures, aiming to cool down the overheated property sector. China property industry has shown a new facet and the market principle of Survival of the Best will provide favorable operating environment for large property developers with extensive geographic coverage, quality products and comprehensive after-sale services. In addition, the continuous increase of people s spending power and improvement of people s livelihood will further stimulate the demand and in turn accelerate the growth of China property 
In 2008, Agile has 33 projects available for sale, including 11 new projects in Nanjing, Hainan, Xian, Liwan and Guangzhou with a total saleable area of 4.27 million sq.m.
While focusing on property development, the Group will also participate in investment property for enriching the product portfolio of the Group and maintaining stable cash flow as a while. Over 1 million sq.m. of the existing land bank are investment property. Apart from the Grade A commercial building in Zhujiang New City, hotel business is also our core business of property investment with a contemplated portfolio of 12 hotels located in various cities including Guangzhou, Foshan, Huizhou, Shanghai, Chengdu and Hainan. The Group has signed management agreement with JW Marriott Hotel, a world-class hotel management group, for Shanghai Agile International Plaza, with an aim to enhance the quality of our hotel management service as well as to nurturing and training talents in hospitality industry for the Group.
Agile will grow enthusiastically at a healthy pace by leveraging on its high caliber professionals, well-established brand image and sound financial management. In addition to consolidating existing business of property development, the Group will continue to optimise property management services by upgrading service quality of existing properties and further improving the standards of the Group s property management in order to address the management works of Grade A commercial buildings, hotels and shopping malls to be completed in coming 
Meanwhile, leveraging on various financing channels, high standard of corporate governance and acute market insight, the Group will continue to increase its competitiveness, strictly execute the development plan and strengthen brand building in regions where new projects are located in order to underpin solid foundation for the new page of 
We believe that China property development has shown a new facet and the market principle of survival of the best will bring the Group invaluable development opportunities. We trust that the success of a company is not confined to reaching certain financial indexes only, but also combining the undertaking of environmental protection, social responsibilities and obligations.
On the basis of good quality and cost control, so as to ensure our profitability and market shares, Agile is committed to become the most capable China property developer with meticulous project management capability, comprehensive range of products and services, flexible yet prudent financial management, stringent corporate governance standards, strong vigilance on social responsibility and environmental protection. The Group will also participate and expand its property development business for generating stable income in the future and continue to bring fruitful returns to our shareholders and customers.

Thanks to the enormous support of our shareholders and loyalty and concerted efforts of all staff members, Agile has been growing at a healthy pace. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to them.
Meanwhile, the Board expresses its particular thanks to our business partners and customers for their concerns and supports to the development of Agile.
CHEN Zhuo Lin 
Hong Kong, 18 April 2008 
