Chairman s Statement 
The Group will timely adjust our marketing strategies according to market changes to achieve higher sales growth while maintaining reasonable 
On behalf of the board of directors of the Company (the Board ), I hereby present the annual results of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 
Results and Ratings For the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group recorded contracted sales of approximately RMB20.5 billion, representing a significant increase of approximately 53.6% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, and contracted saleable GFA of 2,420,000 sq.m., which exceeded the increased annual sales target of the Group of RMB18.0 billion for this year by 14%, with the growth rate of sales ranking top in the industry. Despite the sluggish economy and fierce competition, the Group once again recorded sustainable and remarkable growth. Revenue for the year amounted to RMB14,574.0 million, representing an increase of approximately 16.6% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. For the year of 2015, gross profit amounted to RMB4,430.1 million, and the 
gross profit margin was 30.4%. Profit attributable to equity shareholders amounted to RMB2,649.3 million, representing an increase of approximately 12.8% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Core profit amounted to approximately RMB1,973.6 million, representing an increase of approximately 12.1% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Core profit margin was 13.5%.
In 2015, the economic environment, business condition and domestic property market were full of challenges. Logan Property gained wide recognition and support from the industry and capital market with its visionary land distribution, quick turnover of quality products and outstanding sales performance. During the year under review, Logan Property was again rated by Moody s and Fitch, each being an international authorized rating agency, with a rating of Ba3 and BB , respectively and the outlook remained stable. Logan Property was selected as the Most Valuable Property Enterprise in 2015 and the Most Valuable Listed Property Enterprise in 2015 by National Business Daily. Logan Property also won the Most Valuable Real Estate Enterprise for Investment in China of 2015 in the 2015 Popular China Real Estate Award (-N W0W"u'YNs) of the Boao Real Estate Forum organized by boao.guandian.cn (ZS2?b0W"uX). In Hong Kong, the Group also won the award of Hong Kong Outstanding Enterprises of 2015 issued by Economic Digest.
Logan Property won the above awards for the second consecutive year since its listing in 2013, evidencing the high recognition of the society to the business strength and enormous growth potential of Logan Property.
Market Review and Sales Performance In 2015, the global economic condition was volatile. On the other hand, the PRC economy maintained stable growth under the new norm, and the overall economic structure continued to optimize and upgrade. During the year under review, benefitted from the introduction of numerous favourable policies promulgated by the PRC government, the general sales performance of the PRC property market marked a significant recovery. Following the implementation of the 330 New Policy of the PRC real estate market by the central government at the beginning of the year 2015, various control and adjustment policies were launched to support the sustainable development of the PRC real estate market, including the adjustment of down-payment ratio for purchase of the second property and purchaser using housing accumulation fund loans, together with the relaxed monetary policies, such as reductions of interest rate for five times and benchmark rates for four times. Cost of home purchasers and upgraders to purchase houses decreased, thus boosting the demand for upgraders. The property market has showed recovery since the first half of the year under review. According to the data published by National Bureau of Statistics, total saleable GFA and sales 
of commodity houses for the year 2015 increased by approximately 6.5% and approximately 14.4% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, respectively. During the year under review, the Company continued to focus largely on projects targeting upgraders and first-time homebuyers and catering to inelastic demand in order to fully grasp the market opportunities. Of the contracted sales units in 2015, approximately 94% had GFA of 140 sq.m. or less. In terms of payment method, approximately 80% of contracted sales units in 2015 were settled by mortgage down 
During the process of industrial restructuring, the supply and demand of different cities varied significantly. First-tier cities and certain major second-tier cities showed strong recovery with rapid and significant growth in property prices and turnover. Property markets in other second-tier cities remained stable, while the destocking process continued in third-and fourth-tier cities. The Company grasped the market opportunities timely and stood out in the consolidation of the industry with its remarkable sales performance during the year under review. The Company ranked top in the industry with its 53.6% growth rate of contracted sales. Due to the unbalanced of long-term property demand and supply structure, the property price in Shenzhen recorded the most rapid growth among all first-tier cities in the PRC.
As at 31 December 2015, the Company has land reserve of 13,710,000 sq.m., and over 60% of the saleable resources are located in Shenzhen. During the year under review, the two flagship projects in Shenzhen, namely the Logan City in eastern Shenzhen (m3WqgIQW) and Acesite Mansion (st), made great contribution to the growth of the annual sales of the Company. The Acesite Mansion, locating in Longhua district, the new core area of Shenzhen, was launched for pre-sale in October and December 2015, respectively, receiving overwhelming responses from the market. This project is built atop a metro station in Longhua district, being only one station away from Shenzhen North Railway Station and 28 minutes from West Kowloon, Hong Kong upon completion of the High Speed Rail Link. With the strategic positioning as the garden oasis in the Futian central business district ( CBD ), the project enjoys highly-developed commercial and community facilities in Futian. Together with the competitive design of units equipping with intelligent household decoration, the project has great appreciation potential. The Group obtained such land parcel through public tender at the end of October 2014. It took only a year for land resumption, land development and launching of sales.
Quick turnover of the project ensured rapid cash returns for the year under review. Another key project of the Group in Shenzhen was Logan City in Shenzhen East with a GFA of 5 million sq.m.. Featured with the magnificent mountain landscape and lake view, convenient transportation and well-equipped facilities, the project attracted much attention from people with inelastic demand in Shenzhen. The popular sales during the year 2015 contributed to a higher selling price. During the year 2015, nearly 8,000 units of approximately RMB5 billion were sold.

Year 2016 is the first year of which year the 13th Five-Year Plan becomes effective. Under the current macro- environment, it is expected that the economic growth in China will be within a reasonable range. Structural reform and urbanization will be continued to put forward. In light of a slower growth of GDP, the central government is expected to continue its qualitative easing policy and effective financial policies in order to stimulate domestic economic development.
The moderate supporting policies to the real estate industry are also expected to continue. In respect of the PRC real estate industry, the development of urbanization and the real estate enterprises has shown. 2016 also marks the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Group. The Group will duly adjust its investments and sales strategies according to the changing market situation so as to strive for a higher sales growth while ensuring a reasonable profit margin.

In respect of the product structure, the Group will continue to focus on projects catering to inelastic demand and targeting first-time homebuyers and upgraders in order to strengthen the existing advantages and competitiveness of the Group. Further, the Group will also strive to further refine the design and quality of products with an aim to provide the best quality to customers and realize product value of the Group.
In respect of the land investment, the Group will maintain its leading market position in Shantou and Nanning while further increasing its investment in the large Shenzhen circle and the Pearl River Delta and optimising its strategic plan. Its focus will be placed on cities and surrounding regions with a more developed economy and development potential, including Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Economic Zone, Shanghai and zone nearby and the opportunities to obtain the land nearby. These efforts will allow the Group to establish a quality land reserve for its continuous rapid growth. The Group will also acquire quality properties in the core areas of first-tier cities such as Shenzhen, Beijing and Shanghai to provide long-term and stable operating cash flow for the Company.
In addition, the Group will also continue to analyse the development opportunities of other industries and other investment projects in order to further optimize its diversified strategies and create greater returns for the shareholders.

On behalf of the Board, I hereby express my gratitude to all customers, employers, partners and shareholders for their support and trust under any market condition. I also express my heartfelt thankfulness to the management and all employees of the Company for their dedication for a satisfactory results of the Group. Over the past two decades, the Company has been building its value with passion. The Company will continue to work closely for the sustainable development of the Group and a higher return for all shareholders.
Kei Hoi Pang 
10 March 2016 
