Chairman s Statement 
The Group believes that a reasonable product mix is particularly important to ensure robust growth of the business as a whole. The Group s product mix focuses on products catering for end-users demand for upgrading, supplemented by tourism property and 
CHEN Zhuo Lin Chairman and President 
I am pleased to report the audited consolidated results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2013: Results and dividends During the year, the revenue and gross profit of the Group was RMB35,436 million and RMB12,615 million respectively, representing an increase of 18.5% and 1.4% when compared with last year. Net profit amounted to RMB5,862 million, representing an increase of 13.9% when compared with last year. Overall gross profit margin and net profit margin were 35.6% and 16.5% respectively, a relatively high level in the industry.

During the year, the Group s total recognised sales from property development was RMB34,467 million, representing an increase of 18.3% when compared with last year. Revenue from hotel operations increased by 21.9% when compared with last year, mainly driven by Shanghai Marriott Hotel City Centre and Raffles Hainan (formerly known as Raffles Sanya Clearwater Bay). In addition, revenue from property investment also increased by 111.6% when compared with last year.

Taking into account the Group s business development needs and Shareholders investment returns, the Board has proposed a final dividend of HK33.0 cents per Share for 2013 to be paid to the Shareholders. Together with the interim dividend of HK14.5 cents per Share paid for 2013, the total dividend of 2013 was HK47.5 cents per Share, representing an increase of 23.7% when compared with 
During the year, the global economy was in a slow recovery. In China, the keynote of Government policies had been moving in a constructive path, and the tightening policies over the property market continued. However, driven by strong end-users demand, housing prices continued a steady upward trend with active trading.
During the year, the Group made breakthroughs in sales, geographic diversification and operations, laying a solid foundation for long-term development.
Steady sales growth During the year, the Group s pre-sales was RMB40,340 million, representing an increase of 22% when compared with last year. The GFA pre-sold was 3.48 million sq.m., representing an increase of 7% when compared with last year. The average selling price was RMB11,577 per sq.m., representing an increase of 13% when compared with last year. It was achieved through the concerted efforts of all 
Improved geographic diversification and optimised product mix Founded in Guangdong Province and expanding nationwide, the Group is committed to improving its geographic diversification. Having consolidated its property development business in Southern China, the Group made intensive efforts to expand into the tourism property business in Hainan Province. During the year, the Group s projects in Yunnan Province Region were launched, consolidating the Group s position as an expert in tourism property in China. Pre-sales contribution from regions including Eastern China Region and Western China Region has taken a more mature shape. During the year, pre-sales contribution from Southern China Region , Hainan Province Region and Yunnan Province Region and Eastern China Region and other regions accounted for 61%, 22% and 17% of the total pre-sales of the Group respectively. The geographic distribution of pre-sales contribution to the Group is expected to improve further in the foreseeable future. In tandem with the sales growth in Southern China Region and Hainan Province Region and Yunnan Province Region , the proportion of sales contribution from Eastern China Region and other regions will also be growing gradually. Of the 21 new projects which the Group acquired strategically during the year, 13 are located in Eastern China Region and other regions , and most of them are in line with the strategy of Shorter Cycle, Lower Cost and Quicker Turnover . In addition to driving regional diversification in the long-term, these projects serve to accelerate the recovery of capital and support the Group s overall rate of development. The new projects acquired during the year are expected to start launching and contributing to the Group s pre-sales in 2014.

The Group believes that a reasonable product mix is particularly important to ensure robust growth of the business as a whole. The Group s product mix focuses on products catering for end-users demand for upgrading, supplemented by tourism property and high-end products.
As China s property market will continue to benefit from urbanisation and high GDP growth, as well as strong end- users and upgrading demand, most of the 21 new projects acquired during the year mainly focus on products catering for that specific segments.
The Group is committed to the development of tourism property in China in recent years. In addition to the success of Hainan Clearwater Bay, Agile Eden Yunnan (formerly known as Yunnan Tengchong Project) in Tengchong was well-received by the market following its launch during the year. Agile Pure Moon Bay Hainan (formerly known as Hainan Wenchang Project), which was launched for sale during the year, became one of the best selling projects in Wenchang City. Given the continuous improvement in people s quality of life and their increasing yearn for nature, the demand for premium tourism property will continue to rise. The diverse origins of tourism property buyers will help further increase the Group s brand awareness across China.
In general, the unit land cost of the new land bank which the Group acquired during the year is RMB1,500 per sq.m..
This new land bank will facilitate further implementation of strategies for improving geographic diversification and optimising product mix. It will also accelerate the capital turnover rate, laying a solid foundation for the Group s future sales growth.

While maintaining a focus on the property development business in China, the Group also seeks opportunities to prudently expand into overseas markets. In January 2014, the Group partnered with PJ Development Holdings Berhad to develop a property project in Kuala Lumpur of Malaysia, as the Group s first project in overseas markets.
Enhanced execution capability to reach a 
With a history of more than two decades, the Group has gone through multiple stages of corporate development as well as witnessing the evolvement of the highly competitive property market in China. The Group is fully aware of the philosophy flow with the current and forge ahead and is committed to refining its management and operations.
In view of its long-term development and its goals set for 2014, the Group has implemented reforms in areas including corporate structure, staffing and functions. The function of the Group s headquarters focuses on the formulation of strategies, as well as fund management, product standardisation and optimisation and development of new products. Regional headquarters will be vested with more authority and responsibilities, so as to accelerate the decision making process and ensure that decisions are made based on local market conditions.
In line with the strategy of Shorter Cycle, Lower Cost and Quicker Turnover , and with a view to ensuring full implementation of its sales plans, the Group implemented a series of progress monitoring measures for all projects during the year. Responsibilities are vested with specific team members to ensure that the development progresses as planned and targets are met.

Talents are essential for the implementation of reforms.
During the year, the Group has introduced a series of incentive mechanisms that benefit the staff at all levels. In addition to bonuses linked directly to measurements such as sales results, costs and profit, incentive packages are offered to project staff members that exceed their work targets, so as to increase productivity and management efficiency. Senior management will be awarded with the Share Award Scheme that links to the overall results of the 
The Executive Committee has been formed under the Presidents of the Group at the headquarters, with authority vested to ensure that the formulated strategies are implemented extensively and efficiently, to better position the management hierarchy for rapid business growth in the 
The Group believes that the above measures will serve to enhance morale, increase efficiency and drive its overall business to a higher stage.
Sound financial strategy and flexible 
Sound financial position has been the pillar supporting the Group s rapid business development. Therefore, the Group has consolidated and optimised its financial structure and enhanced its cash flow management by capitalising on multi-channel financing during the year, with a view to striking a balance between business development and 
During the year, the Company successfully issued US$700 million 8.25% subordinated Perpetual Capital Securities.
The issue is the only subordinated Perpetual Capital Securities issued by a non-investment grade enterprise in Asia and was oversubscribed by 10 times. In February 2014, the Company issued US$500 million 8.375% Senior Notes due 2019 and intended to use the proceeds to finance existing and new property projects, refinance existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
The Company also issued RMB2,000 million 6.50% Senior Notes due 2017 to redeem the US$300 million 10% Senior Notes due 2016, with a view to reducing financing costs and optimising its debt structure.
Good corporate governance and multi- 
The Group upholds the concept of mutual communication for a win-win situation . Subject to the requirements of the Listing Rules and laws, the Group maintains effective mutual communication and builds long-standing, stable relationships with commercial banks, investment banks, rating agencies, investors and analysts, thereby improving its corporate transparency and providing stakeholders with 
A responsible corporate citizen in pursuit of sustainable development Upholding the belief of benefiting from society, giving back to society , the Group is committed to fulfilling its corporate social responsibilities. During the year, the Group s accumulated volunteer days achieved by over 30,000 participants were equivalent to over 10,000 days, while RMB115 million charitable donations was made. The Group is aware that environmental protection is a key part of its sustainable development, and strives to contribute to environmental protection through project planning to completion and sale, as well as property management and hotel operations. Furthermore, the Group actively promotes environmental education and encourages the staff to practise low-carbon living.
Prospects and strategy The global financial and economic conditions are expected to remain challenging in 2014. The Government s tightening measures over the property market have become a routine practice. However, given China s continuous economic growth, the continued increase in people s income and the implementation of urbanisation policies, the property market still embraces substantial growth potential.
Therefore, the Group is optimistic about the development of the property market in the long-term.
The Group will continue to implement its strategies of enhancing its geographic diversification, optimising its product mix and Shorter Cycle, Lower Cost and Quicker Turnover . In respect of sales, the Group will adopt a market-driven approach. The Group is confident that its business will develop steadily as a whole, and sets a pre- sales target of RMB48,000 million for 2014.

The Group will maintain its focus on property development in China, supplemented by operations of hotels, shopping malls and office buildings, while providing attentive property management services. The Group is confident in further enhancing the brand awareness of Agile across the country.
Meanwhile, the Group will also continue its promise of undertaking corporate social responsibilities and contributing to society by taking part in charity affairs.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to the enormous support of our Shareholders and customers, as well as the dedicated efforts of all our staff members, which enables Agile to grow.
CHEN Zhuo Lin Chairman and President Hong Kong, 28 March 2014 
