Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present to shareholders the annual results for the financial year ended 31 December 2013 of Logan Property Holdings Company Limited ( Logan or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ).

2013 was a meaningful year for the Group. We were successfully listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) on 20 December 2013 with gross proceeds of HK$1,575.0 million. This marked a new milestone of the Group and further enhanced the competitive strengths of the Group in the PRC 
Sales and profit of the Group reached a record high in 2013, as a result of refined management and control and efficient operation as well as 18 years of solid foundation and robust reform. In 2013, the Group recorded contracted sales of approximately RMB13,208.1 million and contracted sales area of 1,642,183 sq.m., representing significant increases of approximately 35.6% and 42.7% as compared with the previous year, respectively. Turnover of approximately RMB11,119.4 million was recognized, representing an increase of approximately 68.8% as compared with the corresponding period of 2012. Profit for the year of 2013 was approximately RMB2,056.3 million, representing increase of approximately 13.2% as compared with 2012. Core Profit 1 for the year of 2013 was approximately RMB2,044.9 million, representing a significant increase of approximately 73.6% as compared with 
Core Profit = Profit for the year changes in fair value of investment property + relevant 
Core profit margin of the Group for 2013 was approximately 18.4%, representing an increase of 0.5 percentage point as compared with 2012. With its integrated development model and effective cost control measures, the Group maintained persistent stable gross profit margin and relatively higher core profit margin.

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK11 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2013.
The total amount of proposed final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2013 was HK$550.0 million (equivalent to approximately RMB433.9 million 1 ), and the pay-out ratio accounted for approximately 21.6% of the core profit excluding 
Review of 2013 Market review and sales performance In 2013, stability remained the main target of the Chinese government s policies on property market. The Five Property Cooling Measures implemented at the beginning of 2013 and the emphasis of the Third Plenary Session on the decisive role of the market in resources allocation ensured the establishment of an effective operation mechanism of the property market. As the property market generally remained buoyant, both supply and demand in major cities were strong as reflected in the 100-City Data of China Index Academy (-NcbvWxed). However, as property prices in different cities grew at different paces, the regulatory policies have been customized by local governments to properly manage the markets in their regions in the third quarters.
Under the current regulation and control of the Chinese property market, the products of the Group continued to be primarily targeted at first-time homebuyers and upgraders, which was in line with the government policies and the inelastic demand driven by the booming market. During the year, the Group adopted an operating model of quick turnover and lucrative profit under enhanced management. The Group ensured the growth in both revenue and profit through enhanced portfolio of the products and management of the entire property development cycle.
The Group recorded satisfactory results by focusing on principal business regions and inelastic demand. In 2013, its annual sales was ranked first in its bases such as Huizhou and Shantou and was ranked top in Nanning. The contracted sales of the Group in 2013 comprised 45 projects in 10 cities. During the year, the Group launched the pre-sales of 15 new projects, mainly located in Huizhou, Foshan, Nanning and Shantou, including Huizhou Logan City, Foshan Grand Riverside Bay, Nanning Provence and Shantou Seaward Sunshine and 30 existing projects were launched.
Properties delivered and projects commenced In 2013, the total development area of the Group marked a record high. The GFA of completed properties delivered during the year was 1,239,837 sq.m., representing an increase of approximately 47.8% as compared with that of the previous year. The GFA of projects commenced in 2013 amounted to 2,719,382 sq.m..

Adhering to its regional focus and prudent investment strategies, the Group secured target projects in line with its strategic orientation and investment decision-making requirements. Supervision and implementation were centralized under the head office to ensure consistency and efficiency in the pursuit of its target projects. In 2013, we acquired nine projects spanning across Foshan, Dongguan, Huizhou, Shantou, Zhongshan and Nanning with a total planned GFA of 2,003,072 sq.m.. The total consideration of the contracts amounted to approximately RMB3,824.0 million. Based on the land premium set out in the contracts, the average land cost was approximately RMB1,909 per sq.m. for the land acquired in 2013.
As at 31 December 2013, the GFA of the land bank of the Group amounted to approximately 11 million sq.m. and the average land cost was RMB1,045 per sq.m. These land parcels are characterized by their distinctive features and low land cost, which effectively drive the steady growth of the Group.
The Group focused on land projects for first-time homebuyers and upgraders when making investments. It paid attention to all tenders, auctions and listing and acquisition opportunities of the land parcels in its bases and target cities. The two main types of projects acquired were short-term projects in city centers with developed or active economic activities and rapid turnover, and mid- to long-term projects in city suburbs with higher premiums. With the balanced development of the above two project types, the Group was able to achieve the target of high turnover and lucrative profit.
Controls on costs and expenses In 2013, the Group was able to maintain controls on costs and expenses. The Group had a sophisticated system in place for target cost and whole-process cost control which is capable of correcting any deviation from the target construction costs in a timely manner. The Group further reduced costs through integrated development model, product standardization and strategic and centralized procurement.
In addition, the Group implemented effective monitoring and control on selling and marketing expenses, administrative expenses and finance costs in order to boost efficiency and minimize waste. During the year, the proportion of selling and marketing expenses, administrative expenses and finance costs to contracted sales decreased from 6.7% in 2012 to 6.3% in 2013.

In 2013, the Group recorded substantial cash inflow through share capital increase from the global initial public offering and strong property sales. As at 31 December 2013, the Group had cash and bank balances (including restricted and pledged deposits) of RMB4,505.7 million and its net debt to equity ratio (i.e. the ratio of all borrowings net of cash and cash equivalents and approximately restricted and pledged deposits to equity) was significantly reduced to 60.9%. We consider that the current net-debt-to equity ratio is within a reasonable range and is in line with our operation. Moreover, 79% of our loans were on-shore bank loans and our average borrowing cost was only 8.4% per annum in 2013. Simple capital structure and low financing cost are our major advantages.
Organization and human resources development The Group has made continuous improvement in respect of organizational planning, talent recruitment and training and corporate culture. In 2013, we further optimized the organizational structure and extended authorization to the frontline staff in order to meet the streamlined and efficient operation requirements. We recruited a total of 115 middle and senior management personnel during the year. Talent teams and reserve which meet the corporate development needs were created through the appointment of internal elite as general manager and the launch of talent scheme and comprehensive training for graduate trainees. Besides, the Group has been promoting the corporate value of practical and innovative operation with positive attitude and high efficiency to stimulate the motivation of the employees. The Group s remuneration policy aims to offer competitive remuneration packages to recruit, retain and motivate competent 
employees. The Group believes the remuneration packages are reasonable and competitive and in line with market trend.
The Group has put in a bonus scheme for its executives and employees in a bid to provide competitive remuneration package for the Group s long term growth and development.
Brand building and customer satisfaction Capitalizing on its strengths and excellent development potential, the Group was honored as one of the Top 100 Enterprises in the PRC Property Industry (-N W?b0W"uv7_Omi) for three consecutive years from 2011 to 2013 and the Top 20 Creditworthy Real Estate Enterprises in Guangdong (qg0W"uO207_) for 11 consecutive years. It also received the title of the Real Estate Enterprise with the Highest Development Potential of the Year (tgwQ|vU[oR0W "uOmi) in the Election of the PRC Valued Property in 2013 (2013-N WP<P0W"u=Ui;mR) held by National Business 
Adhering to the concept of building a better life, the Group has placed emphasis on brand quality and won recognitions from the customers and the market with its quality products and services. The Group has established a responsive customer relation management system and a professional team to review and improve customer satisfaction in a timely 
The Group is committed to its social responsibility as a corporate citizen. It contributed to the creation of a harmonious society by participating in charitable activities such as establishing scholarships, launching poverty alleviation campaigns, making donations for construction of charity facilities and public sports facilities and maintaining large-scale public 
Beneficial from the driving forces of economic development, higher consumption, new urbanization and development of rail transportation, we believe the inelastic demand market in the PRC property market will have potential of expansion. In 2014, the overall economy and liquidity of China will gather a steady growth momentum while its property cooling policies will only be subject to limited localized adjustments. With the steady launch of the land, fiscal and tax system reforms and the housing supply structure, a market-oriented property austerity mechanism will be formed to ensure the sustainable development of the property industry in the mid-to-long run.
As such, we will persist in our development strategies of focusing on principal business regions and inelastic demand and enlarge our market shares in all existing cities in this year. In respect of product positioning, we will focus on products catering for inelastic demands and demand from upgraders. The development strategy of high turnover will be further implemented to enhance our advantages and core competitiveness. In the coming year, in addition to expanding investment in projects for inelastic demands in regions with developed economy, we will identify potential high-end office building projects in tier-one cities and core business districts in cities with high economic growth and grasp opportunities in the development of relevant projects such as new urbanization, and tourism and retirement real estate markets based on market demands and liquidity of the Company.

On behalf of the Board, I hereby express my heartfelt gratitude and best wishes to all the shareholders for your support, our staff for their hard work, and our partners, customers and the community for their care and support in the previous 
Logan Property Holdings Company Limited 
