Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present to shareholders the annual results of Logan Property Holdings Company Limited ( Logan Property or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the financial year ended 31 December 2014.

Results and Ratings In 2014, the Group recorded contracted sales of RMB13.35 billion and contracted saleable GFA of 1.817 million sq. m. (1) , representing increases of approximately 1.1% and 10.7% as compared with the previous year, respectively. Turnover for 2014 amounted to approximately RMB12.50 billion, representing an increase of approximately 12.4% as compared with 2013. Profit for the year 2014 was approximately RMB2.42 billion, representing an increase of approximately 17.7% as compared with 2013. Core Profit (2) for 2014 was approximately RMB1.76 billion and core profit margin was 14.1%.
Since its listing on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) in 2013, the Group has been recognized by investors and capital markets for its outstanding results performance and comprehensive strengths as well as prudent management and operation. In May 2014, the Group was selected as a constituent stock of the Morgan Stanley Capital International China Small Cap Index Series, and in September 2014, the Group was selected as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Composite LargeCapMediumCap Index.
Subsequently, the Group has become an eligible stock for Southbound Trading of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect. During the year under review, the 
Excluding areas of car parking spaces 
Profit excluding changes in fair value of investment properties and derivatives and the relevant deferred tax.

Group was rated by Moody s and Fitch, each being an international authorized rating agency, with a rating of Ba3 and 
In 2014, the Group was awarded a number of honours from various independent institutions, including Top 5 in the financial security ranking jointly issued by Beijing Beta Consulting Centre (SNTXb-N_) and CapitalWeek, Hong Kong Outstanding Enterprises by Economic Digest, China Top 100 Real Estate Developers 38th and 2015 China Top 100 Real Estate Developers Top 10 by Profitability jointly bestowed by the Enterprise Research Institute of Development Research Centre of the State Council, the Institute of Real Estate Studies of Tsinghua University and China Index Academy, as well as The Highest Development Potential Real Estate Enterprise by Hexun.com.
Market Review and Sales Performance In 2014, the Chinese economy entered into an era of new normality with economic growth slowing moderately. With the Chinese central government pursuing a strategy of sustaining economic growth through restructuring, GDP growth in 2014 was maintained at a target level of 7.4%. Under such circumstances, the real estate market, a pillar industry of China s economy, entered into a period of consolidation during the year, with the market remaining weak in general with construction and sales recording declines. However, since the last quarter of 2014, various policies were introduced by the central and local governments to regulate the property market in China. The People s Bank of China and the China Banking Regulatory Commission changed their lending policies by relaxing the first home mortgage requirements and reiterating the minimum interest rate allowed. In the meantime, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development, Ministry of Finance and central bank introduced policies to loosen the restrictions on the borrowing of welfare funds for buying properties. Rate cuts by the central bank also provided financial support for home buying. In addition to the relaxation or cancellation of restrictions on property purchasing in most cities of the PRC, various industrial and regional development policies were also promulgated to support the real estate industry. As a result of these favorable policies, the operating environment showed improvement and the real estate market picked up growth momentum.
The decline in property prices narrowed and sales began to rally. In response to the market-oriented and differentiated industrial adjustment cycle, the Group will continue to improve its products and services, further enhance cost control, make accurate investment decisions and build a more effective incentive mechanism, so as to ensure the sustainable development of the Group in the new era of new normality in the real estate market.
Moreover, the demand from first-time home buyers is enormous given that the advance of new urbanization and the needs of city residents for improved housing conditions are increasingly substantial. As such, the Group expects the government to support the stable and healthy development of the real estate market. The Group developed products targeting first-time home buyers and upgraders and catering the inelastic demand in response to market conditions.
Among the contracted sales units in 2014, 80% of which were with GFA less than 120 sq. m., 91% had selling prices of less than RMB1 million, and in terms of payment method, 70% were settled by mortgage down payment. During the year under review, contracted sales of the Group were principally generated from 32 projects located in 11 different cities across China. Projects in Huizhou, Shantou and Nanning remained the top sellers in the market. During the year, the Group launched pre-sales of eight projects for the first time, mainly located in cities including Nanning, Shantou and Zhongshan. During the period of industrial adjustment, the Group timely adjusted its sales strategies and set practical sales targets in response to market trends, and in order to maintain stable profitability and a sound sales revenue, the Group further refined its professional management. As a result, the Group achieved stable growth of income and profit during the year under review and realized the Group s operating principle featured by balanced quick turnover and 
A good land acquisition strategy is critical for property companies in coping with the ever-changing market environment.
Focusing on regions with established business and inelastic demand, the Group continued to capture opportunities to replenish its land bank in a timely manner through public tendering, auction and listing process while ensuring effective control of financial risk. In 2014, the Group acquired seven new projects through public tendering, auction and listing process in regions such as Shenzhen and Shantou with a total GFA of 2,554,448 sq. m.. During the year under review, the Group also acquired one new project through equity acquisition with a total GFA of 1,941,523 sq. m..
In particular, the Group successfully acquired a land parcel in the Longhua New District of Shenzhen with a site area of 46,647 sq. m. and a GFA of 186,500 sq. m. in October 2014. The acquisition expanded the Group s land bank with high-value and low-risk saleable resources, and also extended its strategic layout in first-tier cities in the regions where the Group has existing operation. The Group will conduct project planning, design and construction in order to achieve quick turnover with the aim of satisfying the inelastic demand of white-collar workers working in the Central Business District of Shenzhen. As at 31 December 2014, the total land bank of the Group amounted to approximately 13.68 million sq. m., including one project acquired through equity acquisition and the remaining acquired through public tendering, auction and listing. It is expected that land bank will be sufficient for the Group s development in the next five to six years. Out of the Group s total land bank, 53% of the land bank is located in the Pearl River Delta, the most economically prosperous region in China, which will allow the Group to capture opportunities arising from market consolidation in the future and will ensure its stable and sound development.

In 2014, the Group successfully grasped market opportunities and issued two tranches of US-dollar senior notes and one syndicated loan, which further strengthened its financial position. In May 2014, the Group issued a US$300 million 5-year senior notes at a coupon rate of 11.25% per annum. The issuance was four times oversubscribed with an order book of approximately US$1.25 billion, drawing interest from 150 investors in Hong Kong, Singapore and Europe, representing one of the most outstanding performance among first-time issuance by newly-listed Chinese property developer in recent years. In October 2014, the Group issued a 3-year syndicated loan of US$105 million with an interest rate of 4.5% per annum plus LIBOR. In December 2014, the Group further issued a US$250 million senior notes due in 2017 with a coupon rate of 9.75% per annum and received over-subscription of over four times. In line with the success of these three rounds of debt financing, the Group s business model, profitability, capital structure and creditability have been well recognized by the capital market, and the Group also opened up various offshore financing channels so as to optimize its debt structure, reduce financing costs and provide sufficient capital support for the sound development of the Group, thus creating better results and returns for its shareholders.

As at 31 December 2014, the Group had cash and bank balances (including restricted and pledged deposits) of approximately RMB7,514.5 million. The Group s net debt-to-equity ratio remained at 65.7%. The average borrowing cost 
The Group has been attaching great importance to customer satisfaction and loyalty and engages authoritative third party survey organizations to carry out surveys on customer satisfaction with the Company. According to reports by the relevant third party organizations, in term of products of the Company, the standard of project design remained stable, while the quality of the landscape and greening of the properties improved significantly as compared to last year. In particular, the ratio of landscape and greening was 11 percentage points above the average industry standards. In term of services of the Group, the performance of service in property delivery grew by 11 percentage points. With the aim of building the Logan brand and pursuing long-term development, the Group will continue to focus on serving its customers to realize customer value and satisfy customers demands.
Organization and Human Resources Development As at 31 December 2014, the Group had a total of 1,233 employees, approximately 65% of which were at the ages of 26 to 35. Employees are considered the major driving force and the most valuable assets for the development of the Group. A talent training scheme was formulated in accordance with the development strategies, business requirement and performance evaluation results of different groups of employees of the Group. In 2014, the Group held three series of training programmes with over 50 training courses, namely the Elite Seminar for senior management, Senior Manager Seminar for middle-level officers and Logan Management Trainees Programme for junior staff. The Group s remuneration policy aims to offer competitive remuneration packages to recruit, retain and motivate competent employees. The Group believes the remuneration packages are reasonable and competitive and in line with market trend.
The Group has put in a bonus scheme for its executives and employees in a bid to provide competitive remuneration package for the Group s long term growth and development. In order to encourage the enthusiasm and commitment of the staff and attract better talents, the Group further improved its incentive mechanism in 2014 by setting up special awards based on the evaluation results of employee performance, and granting stock options to approximately 180 core staff of the Group.
The Group has also adopted a share option scheme for the purpose of providing incentives to Directors and eligible employees. Further details in relation to the scheme are set out in the Directors Report section of this report.

The Group strives to establish a strict corporate governance system as well as a fair, open and effective communication platform. It endeavors to build efficient channels with the equity and bond investors of the Group in order to ensure accurate and timely two-way communication. In addition to the Group s financial reports, announcements and press releases available on its website (www.loganestate.com), announcements and press releases are also proactively shared with investors via e-mail. In addition, adequate contact information are available for public access at the investor relations section of the Company s website. The management proactively participated in various investor meetings, roadshows for results presentation and project site visits organized by investment banks. In 2014, the Group reached out to investors and analysts for more than 300 times through different channels, arranged or hosted over 60 project site visits, and four non-deal roadshows in Hong Kong and Singapore. As at the end of 2014, the Group established contacts with approximately 200 institutional and individual investors via meetings, conference calls or e-mail and received a total of seven updated analyst research reports.
In the coming year, the Group will further strengthen the transparency of the Group and provide more fair and useful information for all investors in a timely manner. The Company s communications platform will be further optimized to help shareholders and investors better understand the operations and development prospects of the Group and to exchange views on the outlook of the industry and financial market. At the same time, feedback from the capital market is also constructive for the Group as it refines its future business strategies.

During the 19 years since its establishment in 1996, the Group has experienced a significant boost with the privatization of housing provision, along with various policy adjustments such as the Eight Measures of the State Council introduced in 2005 and the Five New Measures of the State Council introduced in the beginning of 2014. Benefiting from China s rapid economic growth and demographic dividend, both our selling price and volume increased significantly in the past two decades. However, the Group is also aware of the upcoming economic cycle which will bring steady growth and a changing population structure. Despite the ups and downs over the years, the Group has always believed that China s economy is gearing up towards a more healthy and high-quality level. Recently, the contribution of consumption to economic growth in China has exceeded the contribution of investment for the first time. Therefore, the Group believes that government intervention in the real estate industry will lessen, and that the industry will be more market-oriented, in line with the changing economic structure. As a Chinese property developer listed in Hong Kong, the Group will highly value the needs of its customers and the quality of its products, and continue to enhance its operation and management adhering to its corporate value of practical and innovative operation with positive attitude, so as to achieve steady development through prudent investments in the future.
The Group will further strengthen the market position in principal business regions with advantages including Pearl River Delta Region, Guangdong and Guangxi provinces, continue to focus on projects catering to inelastic demand and targeting first-time homebuyers and upgraders in order to enhance resilience to risk, strive to establish its core competitiveness by adopting a light-asset and quick turnover business model. In particular, the Group will accelerate the turnaround time of projects without holding an excessive number of commercial properties or acquiring investment properties, so as to further improve the turnover of the products for liquidity and shorten the capital occupation period.
Moreover, the Group will optimize its product mix in a timely manner so as to achieve rapid cash returns while ensuring a reasonable profit margin.
To replenish its land bank in the future, the Group will explore the high value added and quality land resources in first- tier and second-tier cities with economic and population growth potential and the Group will focus its research efforts mainly on serviced residential projects in coordination with infrastructure or with direct access to urban rail and intercity rail station systems.

The steady development of the Group during the year under review was largely attributable to the valuable support of the community and the unremitting efforts of its staff. On behalf of the board of directors of the Company (the Board ), I hereby express my gratitude to all shareholders, investors, partners, customers and stakeholders for their care and support. The Group will target at building a better life by striving to create a better living environment for its customers and generate better value for its shareholders and investors as a whole.
Kei Hoi Pang 
