Chairman s Statement 
Capitalising on our flexible business strategies and strong sales capacities, together with our excellent product mix and cautiously stable financial measures, Agile has been geared up for challenges ahead in order to maximise values and generate greatest returns for shareholders and investors.

CHEN Zhuo Lin 
I am pleased to present the annual results of Agile Group, for the year ended 31 December 2009.
For the year ended 31 December 2009, the Group s turnover and gross profit amounted to approximately RMB13,331 million and RMB4,954 million, representing an increase of 42.9% and 44.2% respectively when compared with the corresponding period of last year. Profit attributable to shareholders was RMB1,865 million and basic earnings per share were RMB0.518.

In order to strike a balance between the Group s overall business development needs and shareholders investment returns, the Board has proposed the payment of a final dividend of HK12.2 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2009. Together with the interim dividend of HK5.6 cents per share paid, the total dividend of 2009 is HK17.8 cents per share.

Following the gradual implementation of various measures for the real estate industry by the Central Government in late 2008, the domestic property market has been developed healthily. During the year under review, the Group has managed to pass through the unprecedented financial crisis. After experiencing a short-term market correction, the property market recovered rapidly with the overall performance far better than expected. Under the fully- recovered environment of the property market, the Group took advantage of the favourable macro-economic condition and adjusted the development strategies in a determined and timely manner, so as to generate economic efficiency rapidly from projects and to satisfy the demand of the market.
While solidifying its continuous development in Pearl River Delta region, the Group has actively implemented a diversified development strategy and further expanded the business to other cities and regions with development potential. During the year, the Group has achieved a satisfying sales result for its 4 newly-launched projects, including Hainan Clearwater Bay, Agile Garden Xi an, Agile Garden Shunde and Agile Cambridgeshire Guangzhou.
During the year, the Group s sales of 27 projects were originated from 16 cities and districts, with accumulated contracted GFA sold of approximately 2.79 million sq.m.
and contracted sales amount of approximately RMB22.6 billion, and there were 7 projects achieving a sales amount of over RMB1 billion. Among which, the contracted sales of Hainan Clearwater Bay amounted to approximately RMB6.4 
billion, which laid a strong foundation for the Group s future development in Hainan; Agile Garden Nanjing succeeded in becoming the champion of property sales in Nanjing with an encouraging annual sales amount of RMB2 billion, and was accredited the best selling property in the city for two consecutive years. La Cit Greenville Zhongshan recorded a contracted sales amount up to RMB2.2 billion and Agile Egret Lake Huizhou was the top selling real estate project in Huizhou with a sales amount of RMB1.5 billion which were the top selling real estate projects in the 
Given that land bank is the key factor for a solid and sustainable development of property development, the Group has been actively pursuing suitable investment opportunities but in a prudent manner. During the year, the Group successfully acquired a number of pieces of prime land with a total GFA of approximately 5.54 million sq.m. in various potential cities, such as Guangzhou, Foshan, Zhongshan, Changzhou and Shenyang, with a total consideration of approximately RMB18.7 billion by way of auction, listing and transfer agreement. The acquired sites including Guangzhou Asian Games City project (which the Group owns a 33% interest), Guangzhou Science City project, Shenyang Puhe New City project and Changzhou Longcheng Road project. Guangzhou Asian Games City Project is the first project of the Group in cooperation with industry peers. In the future, the Group will continue to explore different operation models for project development.
As at 15 April 2010, the Group had 66 projects in 22 cities and districts and had a land bank with total GFA of approximately 32.15 million sq.m., which is sufficient to meet its development needs in the next 8 to 10 years.

As at 31 December 2009, the Group had a land bank in terms of completed GFA held for sale of approximately 642,179 sq.m. (2008: 903,359 s.q.m.) and GFA under development of approximately 5.01 million sq.m..

The Group insists on implementing a prudent financial strategy. We fully consider the environment of capital market, adopt flexible financing strategies, optimise debt structure and reduce financing cost. In April 2009, the Group obtained a facility limit of RMB10 billion from the Guangdong Branch of ICBC. In November 2009, the Group issued 7-year senior notes with an aggregated nominal value of US$300 million. Moreover, the Group obtained loan of US$150 million in December 2009 and US$125 million in January 2010 from HSBC and Bank of America Merrill Lynch respectively, for a term of 3 years. Such financing arrangements affirmed that the Group is capable to obtain the required capital by utilising different capital market instruments in order to support the stable development of business in the future.
Hotel and commercial properties During the year, the Group has been committed to real estate development and has prudently allocated its resources on the development of hotel and commercial properties, so as to establish a more extensive and diversified business portfolio, while generating a stable future revenue stream as well as dispersing operational risks.
In 2009, the revenue arising from hotel operation increased with the Group s hotel operation recorded a revenue of RMB39.8 million, representing an increase of 37.7% over 2008, which was primarily attributable to the revenue generated from Guangzhou Agile Hotel and Foshan Agile Hotel. Besides, a number of hotel and commercial properties were also under different stages of development, among which, Agile International Plaza Shanghai, which will be 
developed into Shanghai Marriott Hotel City Centre and high-end shopping centre, has undergone top-up and is expected to open in 2010, while the Grade A Commercial Building in Guangzhou Zhujiang New City has commenced construction and is expected to open in 2012. Moreover, a number of top-notch hotels, including Sheraton Bailuhu Resort, Huizhou and Raffles Sanya, Clearwater Bay, are under final stages of construction and are expected to commence operation from 2011.

Property management service was a focus of the Group. By upholding our customer-oriented servicing philosophy, we provide our residents with quality living environment and life style, which plays an important role in enhancing the Group s brand promotion and future sales. During the year, the Group strived to provide 250,000 residents with excellent property management services in order to meet their individual needs. In addition, the centralised property management software system of the Group was successfully put into use, hence improving service efficiency and supporting the Group s strategy of sustainable nationwide development. Furthermore, the Group will establish a strategic financial cooperation with Bank of East Asia (China) Limited, aiming to providing Agile resident owners with convenient one-stop financial services. The Group established a company specialising in offering high-end property management services for commercial properties and serviced apartments. The Group also enhanced its property management quality through the cooperation with Savills Property Management Limited.

During the year, the property management companies under the Group had recorded a total property management fee income of approximately RMB232.5 million, representing an increase of 14.4% over 2008. During the year, the Group served approximately of 17,000 extra households, and the Group is currently providing property management services to a total of approximately 70,000 households. During the year, the newly added total GFA under the Group s management reached approximately 2.1 million sq.m., adding up the area under management to 10.7 million sq.m.
(2008: 8.6 million sq.m.).
In 2010, the Group will continue to strive to provide Agile residents with excellent property services, while strengthening internal professional trainings, optimising overall services, as well as adhering to the customer- oriented servicing philosophy.

The Company strives to achieve a high standard of corporate governance and is devoted to maintaining a timely and effective communication with its shareholders and investors through various means including the distribution interim and annual reports, press releases and monthly newsletters, as well as the published announcement, according to the Listing Rules so as to keep the shareholders and investors well informed about the Group s latest information, such as development strategies, sales performance, operation management, financial condition and business development.
Meanwhile, the Group also realises the concerns on capital market and therefore strive to maintain an appropriate degree of corporate transparency, while strengthening the relationship with investors through a variety of investor relations activities. During the year, the Group received The Asset Triple A Corporate Gold Award from The Asset 
Magazine and Forbes Asia Fabulous 50 The Best of Asia Pacific s Biggest Listed Companies from Forbes Asia, thereby reaffirming that the Group s excellent corporate governance that was highly recognised by all sectors in the 
Corporate social responsibilities The Group upholds the belief of giving back to the society and shoulders the corporate social responsibilities and obligations. During the year, the Group continues the works of reconstruction of 16 schools in the disaster areas of Sichuan Earthquake. Besides, apart from sponsoring the charity events and charitable institutions including Chinese Language Education Foundation, Agile Walk to Guangzhou of Sowers Action as well as providing financial aids to university students in need, the Group also supported other charitable donation projects, including Lifeline Express and the Best China Doctors Awards (-N W+Ns), further expanding its charity activities. During the year, the Group also formed its own volunteers team, which actively organised a series of charity events to help people in need, such as Walk to Guangzhou 2009 , Oxfam Rice Sale of Oxfam and visit children in Po Leung Kuk Small Group Home, elderly and cataract patients. In April 2010, the Group also became the main sponsor of the World Vision 30 Hours Famine .
Agile s faith of undertaking its social responsibility and obligations as a corporate citizen is widely recognised and highly appraised by all sectors in the society. During the year, the Group was granted China Charity Outstanding Contribution Award and ranked fourth and fifth in Forbes China Philanthropy List 2009 and List of Hurun Philanthropy Branch 2009 respectively.

Development strategies and prospect The PRC property market might face certain uncertainties in the short term. Nevertheless, we believe that the PRC market is still under its initial growth. With the rapid development of urbanisation, the housing demand rises persistently.
In the mid to long term, the fundamentals are sound and favourable together with immense potential for market 
In the future, the Group will remain focus on large-scale comprehensive residential development, coupled with hotel and commercial properties as its development direction. We will uphold the operation philosophy of Stability, Prudence, Sustainability to further enhance product innovation and quality, and we will be devoted to offering high quality products to cope with market demand. By 2010, we will have a total of approximately 40 projects on sale including more than 13 new projects which plan to launch, such as Guangzhou Asian Games City Project, Guangzhou Science City Project, Agile Royal Mount Zhongshan, Huadu No. 107 National Road Project, Panyu Southern District Qingxin Road Project, Nanhai Yanbu Project, Nanjing Qinhuai Project, Agile International Garden Chongqing and Shenyang Puhe New City Project, and 27 existing projects.
Also, it is expected that a total of 11 projects will reach a sales amount of over RMB1 billion each, including La Cit Greenville Zhongshan, The Century Zhongshan, Agile Garden Guangzhou, Agile Cambridgeshire Guangzhou, Agile Egret Lake Huizhou, Agile Garden Chengdu, Hainan Clearwater Bay and Agile Garden Nanjing.

In addition, the Group will implement dynamic cost control measures, which include the budget build up prior to the commencement of project development, the supervision of dynamic costs during the process of development, as well as reviewing and concluding the cost control measures by the end of development, while striving to improve profit margins to a reasonable level. Meanwhile, the Group will strengthen its financial governance and the working capital level, and also the Group will raise funds through different financing channels while minimising the financing costs, as well as striving to reach a stable and flexible financial strategy. Furthermore, the Group will continue to optimise the business model and to increase the level of corporate governance, while strengthening the internal monitoring system through the appointment of external independent risk consultant, as well as building up a more extensive 
Looking forward to 2010, we will remain cautiously optimistic yet highly confident in the outlook. Capitalising on our flexible business strategies and strong sales capacities, 
together with our excellent product mix and cautiously stable financial measures, Agile has been geared up for challenges ahead as one of the leading PRC property developers, in order to maximise values and generate greatest returns for shareholders and investors.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend my wholehearted gratitude to our shareholders and customers. Without their tremendous support and supervision, as well as the concerted effort of our staff, Agile would not be able to achieve steady growth and successive breakthroughs over the years.
CHEN Zhuo Lin 
Hong Kong, 15 April 2010 
