Chairman’s Statement
The Group’s prospective
strategic deployment and
industry vision coincides with the central
government’s planning and development of the
Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area.
It is expected that the Group will be able to seize
the opportunity to tap into the high-speed
development and integration of the
market opportunities of the
Greater Bay Area.Dear shareholders,
On behalf of the Board, I
hereby present the annual results
of the Group for the financial year ended
31 December 2016.
Introduction
For the year ended at 31 December
2016, the Group achieved a contract
sales of approximately RMB28.7 billion,
representing an increase of approximately
40.0% as compared with the previous
year, and a GFA of contracted sales of
2,298,000 sq.m., which exceeded the
increased sales target of the Group for
the year. Under the economic stabilizing
measures implemented by the central
government and the increasingly
competitive real estate industry in China,
the Group achieved a satisfactory result in
the year 2016, and continued to maintain
a relatively high profitability. Revenue
for the year amounted to RMB20,538.8
million, representing an increase of
approximately 40.9% as compared
with last year. For the year of 2016,
gross profit amounted to RMB6,559.8
million, and the gross profit margin was
31.9%, representing an increase of 1.5
percentage points as compared with that
of last year. Profit attributable to equity 
shareholders amounted to RMB4,487.7 million, representing a significant increase of approximately 69.4% as compared
with the previous year. Core profit of the Group, being profit for the year excluding changes in fair value of investment
properties and derivative financial instruments and the relevant deferred tax (hereinafter, the “Core Profit”) amounted to
approximately RMB3,106.7 million, representing an increase of approximately 57.4% as compared with the previous
year. Core Profit margin was 15.1%, representing a further year-on-year increase of 1.6 percentage points.
During the year under review, Logan Property actively seized the market momentum. With its insight in the industry,
precise strategy on land bank distribution, and brilliant performance, the Company continued to strengthen its leading
position in the market, and is being highly recognized by industry players and the capital market, undoubtedly a
harvesting year for the Group. On 16 March 2017, the Group was selected as the China Top 100 Real Estate Developers
(中國房地產百強企業) jointly announced by Enterprise Research Institute of Development Research Center of the State
Council (國務院發展研究中心企業研究所), The Institute of Real Estate Studies of Tsinghua University (清華大學地產研
究所) and China Index Academy (中國指數研究院) for the seventh consecutive years, with its ranking moving up from
38th in 2015 to 29th in 2017. The Group also ranked the 4th in lace in the “Top 10 by Profitability in 2017”. For the
capital market, Logan Property was reinstated with its rating by Moody’s and Fitch, both are international authorized
rating agency, of Ba3 and BB–, respectively, suggesting a stable outlook. The credit rating for 深圳市龍光控股有限公司
(Shenzhen Logan Holdings Co., Ltd.*), the principal domestic operating subsidiary of the Group, was adjusted upward
to AA+ by 聯合信用評級有限公司 (United Credit Rating Co., Ltd.*). In Hong Kong, the Group gained a number of
recognition by several well-known financial organizations and media, such as the “The Listing Enterprise Award” (上市企
業大獎) by Bloomberg Businessweek/Chinese Edition, an Asian famous finance magazine in their first “Listed Enterprises
Annual Award 2016”, as well as “Outstanding Listing Companies Award 2016” (2016年上市公司年度大獎) presented by
The Hong Kong Institute of Financial Analysts and Professional Commentators Limited. It fully signified the recognition
and acknowledgement to the capabilities and prospects of Logan Properties by the international capital market and Hong
Kong financial industry. At the end of the year 2016, with the successful launch of the “Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock
Connect” (深港通) which was highly expected by the investor community, Logan Property was successfully included
in the exchange-traded stocks under such scheme. Upon which, stocks of the Company become the eligible Hong
Kong stocks available for investment under both Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect (深港通) and Shanghai-Hong
Kong Stock Connect (滬港通). It was also awarded the two prizes of the “Most Valuable Domestic Real Estate Stock
Company” (最具價值內房股公司) and the “Management Listing Company with the Best Market Capitalization” (最佳市值
管理上市公司) in the “2016 Golden Hong Kong Shares Section” (2016金港股評選) jointly organized by Zhitongcaijing (智
通財經) and Hithink Flush (同花順).
Business Review
In 2016, global political situation was full of changes. The Brexit, the successful election of President Donald Trump as
president for the United States, and the regional politics between Russia and the Middle East, have all added to the
uncertainties for the global economy. Nevertheless, with the stable economic growth in China with a GDP reaching 6.7%,
the central government continued to implement the refined reformation in economic structure. In respect of the China real
estate market, according to the data published by the National Bureau of Statistics, in 2016, the accumulative saleable
GFA of commodity houses and the accumulative saleable amounts had a year-on-year increase of approximately 22.5%
and approximately 34.8%, respectively. Although the transaction volume has reached a new high for the year, and the
property prices have continued to go up, urban segregation continued. Under the transition from a more relaxed real estate
policies to the continuous policy tightening in major cities, with local adjustment taking over the features of the “different
policies for different cities” policy, people are encouraged to purchase houses for self-occupation, more attention has
been paid on discouraging the demands in investment and speculation, so as to prevent the bubble risks and the
excessive fluctuation in the market. On one hand, the control and adjustment policies continue to tighten up in major
cities, the requirement on limitation of house purchase and loans and other regulatory measures are increasingly stricten,
so as to suppress speculative demand and prevent market risks. On the other hand, the strategy of getting rid of the
inventory is still followed by third- and fourth-tier cities to improve the market environment from both supply and demand.
Therefore, the property price increased significantly for the first three quarters. According to the study information of
full samples size of 100 cities by China Real Estate Index System, the residence price in those 100 cities increased by
17.83% from January to November 2016, representing an increase of 13.68% as compared to 2015, reaching a new
record high in recent years, and the prices tended to become stable after the tightening up of the control and adjustment.
The central government has strengthened the systematic development of the real estate industry in a long run by
integrating region, proceeding new urbanization, and building up a better environment for the positive development of the
industry.
During the year under review, the Group continued to focus largely on projects targeting upgraders and first-time
homebuyers and catering to inelastic demand in order to fully grasp the strong growth before the control and adjustment.
Over the past year, the urban segregation in the China real estate industry and the segregation among companies
continued to intensify. The property market in Shenzhen continued to exceed the other cities in China. With its insights
and capability over the market, the Group effectively grasped the opportunities in the market brought from the “different
cities, different policies” in order to cope with pace of property launch in response to market development. It enabled the
realization of rapid growth of sales performance for a number of projects of the Group. The quick turnover of the projects
also ensured rapid cash returns to the Group. During the year under review, “Logan City” and “Acesite Mansion”, the
flagship projects of the Group, made significant contribution to the sales growth of the whole year. As a national major
project with an aggregate GFA of 5 million sq.m., Logan City ranked number nine in the total transaction volume in China
in 2016. It has made this project continue to maintain its strong sales momentum for consecutive years in the highly
competitive of the Greater Shenzhen region. It has become a benchmark project in the industry, showing the strong
development and operations ability of Logan Property.
In terms of strategies, the Group has mainly considered the key factors such as regional industry development, net inflow
trend of population and the demand-supply relationship. Based on the foregoing, the Company decided to spend more
efforts in Shenzhen and the Pearl River Delta Metropolitan Region under its influence, especially the cities with significant
developmental potentials such as, Zhuhai, Foshan and Zhongshan. The Group also precisely developed many of its
properties along metro stations. A number of projects of the Group in Shenzhen are currently situated along the metro
stations, representing substantial potential for appreciation. During the year under review, the Group successfully bidded
for five land parcels through public tendering in open market, including key cities of Shenzhen and the Zhuhai regions,
continuing to replenish its quality land resources. The Group is also continuing to identify premium lands in the strategic
region of Pearl River Delta, in order to prepare for the key cities in the radiation and development of the major cities.
As the competition of the primary land market is getting fierce, the Group is exploring more diversified land acquisition
channels. At present, the Group has participated a preliminary works for urban renewal projects in Shenzhen and a
number of other cities in Pearl River Delta, providing the Group with sufficient and cost-efficient lands in the medium to
long run. As at 31 December 2016, the total GFA of the Group’s land reserve was 14.09 million sq.m., which is expected
to meet the development requirement of the Group at least for the next five to six years. Out of which, land reserves in
Shenzhen attributed approximately 40% of the Group’s total land reserves, which is expected to continue to inject strong
momentum into the Group’s sales growth.
In terms of financial management, the Group continues to practice its prudent financial strategy, laying a foundation
for the Group’s steady development and profitability through diversified domestic and overseas financing channels,
gradually lowering financing costs and optimizing the debt structure. As at 31 December 2016, the Group had cash and
bank balances (including restricted and pledged deposits) of approximately RMB14,797.3 million (2015: RMB11,190.6
million), and a net debt-to-equity ratio of approximately 71.4% (2015: 56.4%). During the year under review, the average
borrowing cost of the Group was 6.1% (2015: 6.8%). During the year under review, the Group issued three non-public
domestic corporate bonds and one public domestic corporate bond with a total issue size of RMB7.4 billion at coupon
rates ranging from 3.4% to 5.8%, raising funds at a lower financing cost to support the continuous development of the
Group’s businesses. In January 2017, the Group successfully issued overseas senior notes with an issue size of USD200
million for a term of five years and at a coupon rate of 5.75% per annum. Such interest rate was further lower than the
previous issue of US dollar note, providing the Group with sufficient funds at a lower financing costs. The Group will
continue to broaden its financing channels, lowering its financing costs, continually strengthening the overall financial
capability for the Group’s long-term development.
Prospects
The Central Economic Work Conference held in Beijing in mid-December has set the overall direction for a stabilized yet
aggressive economy in 2017. The financial policies will become more active and effective, with an objective to deepen
the supply-side reform and focus on revitalizing the real economy. The adjustment and control policies introduced by the
governments at all levels in the fourth quarter of 2016 have been effective and effectively affected the market expectations
and integrated industries and is expected to lead the smooth development of the real estate market as a whole.
PRC’s Premier Li Keqiang made it clear for the first time in his Report on the Work of the Central Government in 2017
that the development plan for the cities in the Greater Bay Area of Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao has been
formulated, and is committed to the development of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area (featuring Hong
Kong and Macau) and world-class city cluster that includes the nine cities in the Pearl River Delta (Guangzhou, Shenzhen,
Foshan, Dongguan, Zhongshan, Zhuhai, Huizhou, Jiangmen, Zhaoqing), and integrate the plan into a part of the national
overall strategic development. These areas will be planned in synchronicity and developed into an important driving force
for national economic upgrading and restructuring, the supporting region for the “One Belt, One Road” development
strategy, the world’s major science and technology industry innovation center, as well as the international competitive
modern industry pilot area and national green development demonstration area. The central government has planned
that Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area will bring together the capital, logistics, technology and talents
from the cities around the country to achieve complementary resources and capacity to attract investment and economic
activities. It is expected to bring huge economic benefits to China and the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao region, and
enhance the influence of the metropolitan area and the region. It is expected that the overall GDP of Guangdong-Hong
Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area will be comparable to or even beyond the well-known Bay Area in the world and establish
itself as one of the world’s leading bay area, which would even be comparable to the New York Bay Area and the Tokyo
Bay Area. It is expected that the plan will be carried out this year. The market believes that the overall construction
prospects of the Greater Bay Area is positive and it will bring huge opportunities for the development of the GuangdongHong
Kong-Macao region. Of which, driven by the core cities such as Shenzhen and Hong Kong, it is expected that the
prime lands such as Zhuhai, Zhongshan and Foshan in the region will become more important transportation hubs and
their development potentials are limitless.
The Group has always been deeply rooted in the Pearl River Delta region. The prospective strategic deployment and
industry vision coincides with the central government’s planning and development of the Greater Bay Area. It is expected
that the promotion of relevant policies will further promote the land value and housing prices in the Guangdong-Hong
Kong-Macao region. With the Group’s solid foundation at the core area, the cumulated branding effect, and the huge
value of the land and its projects, the Group will be able to seize the opportunity to tap into the high-speed development
and integration of the market opportunities of Greater Bay Area economy system, enhance the overall strength, fully
shows the Group’s superior insights on development and planning.
To cope with the development advantages of the Greater Bay Area, Hong Kong and Shenzhen will definitely play a more
important leading role. In the future, the Group will continue to deploy its prospective plan of Guangdong-Hong KongMacao
Greater Bay Area to increase the investment in the area, especially focusing on the development in the prime land
in Zhuhai, Zhongshan and Foshan, where the Group has established its presence. On the other hand, the Group extends
its profound experience gained from developing first-tier cities to the area within a radius of one hour of metro lines in
Shenzhen, and also to those core areas such as the Greater Bay Area, Yangtze River Delta and Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei
region.
In addition, the Group successfully bid a rare and high-quality land parcel in Lee Nam Road, Ap Lei Chau for largescale
residential use in Hong Kong in collaboration with KWG Property Holding Limited in early 2017. Through allocating
overseas assets in Hong Kong to hedge foreign exchange risk effectively, and diversify the land bank portfolio and
increase profit margin, all of them could prove the Group’s insights into the market trends. The Group will continue to
focus on the areas that are suitable for investment and development in Hong Kong, Macau and overseas, to gradually
form the new layout of simultaneous development in domestic and overseas.
The Group will continue to launch the projects along Shenzhen’s subway lines in the year, which includes “Logan•Jiuzuan”
(龍光•玖鑽) project, erected on the Hongshan subway station in the centre of north Shenzhen; “龍光•玖雲著” at the
Pingshan High Speed Rail Station; and “龍光•玖龍臺” in Guangmíng High Speed Rail Station. Therefore, the Group is
able to capture the market demand and consolidate the leading position of Logan Property in the Shenzhen market. The
Group believes that the development concept of Greater Bay Area will effectively expand its room and depth for future
development.
In the future, the Group will continue to identify quality assets in oversea markets, and also continue to live up the values,
such as the design and quality of the projects to further strengthen the Group’s market competitiveness and penetration.
The Group will also adjust its sales and development strategies in a timely manner in response to the supply and demand
of the market, so as to increase the brand influence of Logan Property and consolidate its leading position in the industry.
Acknowledgments
On behalf of the Board, I hereby express my heartfelt gratitude to all shareholders, investors, partners, customers,
and community for their support and trust. In the past year, thanks to the guidance given from the management of the
Company, together with the efforts and contributions from all staff, the Group managed to move forward with courage
and implement its strategies wisely. Stepping over two decades, it signifies a new milestone for the Company. In the
future, the Company will unite together and share the same vision, creating a higher return for all of its shareholders.
Kei Hoi Pang
Chairman
Hong Kong
30 March 2017