Chairman’s Statement
Upholding the
philosophy of prudent
development, the
Group will continue to
maintain its inherent
strength, enhance
its comprehensive
corporate
management
capability and refine its
business and financial
management.
Dear shareholders,
I am pleased to report the audited consolidated results of Agile Group Holdings Limited
(“Agile” or the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) for the year
ended 31 December 2016 as follows:
Results and dividends
During the year, the revenue and gross profit of the Group were RMB46,679 million
and RMB12,366 million, representing an increase of 8.5% and 14.4% respectively when
compared with last year. Net profit amounted to RMB3,050 million, representing an
increase of 32.5%. Overall gross profit margin and net profit margin were 26.5% and 6.5%,
representing an increase of 1.4 percentage points and 1.1 percentage points respectively
when compared with last year.
During the year, the Group’s total recognised sales of property development was
RMB44,752 million, representing an increase of 8.0% when compared with last year.
Revenue from property management and property investment also increased by 31.4%
and 95.5%. Revenue from hotel operations was comparable with last year.
Taking into account the Group’s business development needs and shareholders’
investment returns, the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) has proposed
the declaration and payment of a final dividend of HK20.0 cents per ordinary share for
the year ended 31 December 2016. To celebrate the 25th anniversary of the Group and
to appreciate the long-term support of the shareholders, the Board has also proposed
the declaration and payment of a special dividend of HK25.0 cents per ordinary share.
Business review
During the year, the Group achieved objectives set at the beginning of the year and
honoured its commitments on business results after the reform, with breakthroughs
in a number of areas. Both the pre-sales and the cash collection in the property
development business hit a record high. Financial position was substantially improved,
with strong cash flows. Onshore financing channels were more flexible, while gearing
ratio was further reduced. Meanwhile, the selling and marketing costs and administrative
expenses were properly managed, giving a strong boost to development in future years.
Such good results were achieved not only due to favourable factors in the market, but
also due to the Group’s improved management.
In respect of the property development business, during the
year, property market of China showed signs of recovery with a
strong demand of first time home buyers, contributing to the
increase of selling price in many cities. The Group capitalised
on market opportunities by launching projects in a timely
manner at reasonable prices. Flexible marketing strategies to
clear the inventories continued to be effective, with satisfactory
performance in terms of both sales and cash collection. During
the year, the Group’s pre-sales in the property development
business was RMB52,820 million, representing an increase of
19% over last year. The GFA pre-sold was 5.30 million sq.m., with
a corresponding average selling price of RMB9,962 per sq.m.,
representing an increase of 5% and 14% respectively when
compared with last year.
The Group maintained its leading position in different markets.
In Zhongshan District and Guangzhou and Foshan District, the
Group had reached remarkable pre-sales of over RMB10,000
million and RMB8,000 million respectively, while the average
selling price had increased by 41.3% and 35.7% respectively;
Hainan Clearwater Bay continued to be one of the most popular
tourism property projects in China and achieved nearly RMB9,000
million pre-sales with good profit margin; the Group achieved
steady growth of pre-sales in Eastern China Region with over
RMB11,000 million; and other regions were showing stable presales
performance. During the year, total recognised sales from
property development of the Group was RMB44,752 million,
representing an increase of 8.0% when compared with last year,
reaching a record high.
In respect of other businesses, with more properties delivered
and the vigorous expansion of third-party businesses during the
year, the Group’s revenue from property management increased
by 31.4%, together with good performance in broadening
sources of income and reducing operating expenses. Revenue
from property investment business increased by 95.5% when
compared with last year, of which, Guangzhou Agile Centre
recorded an occupancy rate of over 90%. Revenue from hotel
operations was comparable with last year.
Strengthening management for better profits
During the year, the Group further strengthened its management.
With a view to maintaining reasonable profitability, the Group
adopted a multi-pronged strategy in promoting project
development efficiency and lowered inventory level through
sales-based production and dynamic adjustments, resulted in a
significant rise in the gross profit margin during the second half
of the year, which was 32.5%, when compared with that of the
first half, which was 20.0%, with the annual overall gross profit
margin being 26.5%. During the year, the core profit attributable
to shareholders of the Company was RMB2,744 million,
representing an increase of 13.0% when compared with last year.
The Group believes that timely introduction of products tailored
to market demand is particularly important to ensure stable
growth of the property development business. During the year,
the Group continued to optimise its product mix by focusing
on products catering for end-users’ and upgraders’ demands,
supplemented by quality tourism property products of health
care, retirement and holiday purposes, as well as high-end
products tailored to market demands. In addition, the Group
continued to enhance its product quality. During the year, the
Group developed dozens of new flat types and a number of
new facades. It also endeavoured to optimise the interior design
and details and to improve the landscaping of its projects, so as
to maintain its leading position in the industry and to provide
residents with a comfortable environment.
Seeking opportunities actively to promote diversified
business development
During the year, the Group made intensive efforts to expand its
existing businesses and to explore other business opportunities,
laying a solid foundation for its long-term development.
In line with its development, the Group strategically procured
premium land parcels of 2.32 million sq.m. in total planned
attributable GFA in Beijing, Changzhou, Foshan, Guangzhou,
Hainan, Huizhou, Suzhou, Wuhan, Zhengzhou, Zhongshan,
Zhuhai and South San Francisco of US. Total consideration
attributable by the Group was RMB19,200 million. As at 31
December 2016, the Group had a premium land bank with
an estimated GFA of about 32.60 million sq.m. in 46 cities and
districts, laying a solid cornerstone for its property development
business.
In respect of property management, the Group continued to
expand the “A-Living” business and to improve services of the
“A-Steward” online platform. It also cooperated with partners in
various areas, with a view to providing residents and tenants with
more diversified services. As at 31 December 2016, the Group’s
contracted GFA under management was 57.56 million sq.m.. In
respect of hotel operations, the Group continued to optimise
its services, expand marketing channels, broaden sources of
income and reduce operating expenses. In respect of the new
environmental protection business, the Group continued to
optimise the technologies and management of existing projects
and further expanded the business.
Substantially improved financial position and diversified
financing channels
Sound financial position has been the pillar supporting the
Group’s business development. Therefore, the Group made
active efforts to enhance its cash flow management during the
year and endeavoured to further accelerate the sales turnover.
It also strengthened capital and budget management and
optimised cost and expenditure control. Meanwhile, the Group
consolidated and optimised its debt structure through a number
of financing channels onshore and offshore. On the onshore
front, the Group issued RMB1,600 million corporate bonds due
2021 with a coupon rate of 4.7%, RMB1,200 million non-public
corporate bonds due 2020 with a coupon rate of 5.8%, RMB3,000
million non-public corporate bonds due 2020 with a coupon
rate of 4.98%, RMB1,800 million non-public corporate bonds
due 2021 with a coupon rate of 4.6%, RMB1,200 million nonpublic
corporate bonds due 2023 with a coupon rate of 5.7%
and RMB1 billion 5% to 6% asset-backed securities backed by
property management fee receivable due 2021. It also obtained
a HKD6,707 million 3-year syndicated loan and a HKD780 million
3-year bank loan. In addition, the Company redeemed in full the
USD650 million 8.875% senior notes due 2017.
During the year, the Group’s overall cash collection recorded
a significant improvement. The Group had strong cash flows
and successfully lowered its gearing ratio. As at 31 December
2016, the Group’s total cash and bank deposits amounted to
RMB22,311 million and its undrawn borrowing facilities stood at
RMB2,400 million. As at 31 December 2016, the net debt to total
equity ratio of the Group was 49.1%, representing a significant
decrease of 14.9 percentage points when compared with 31
December 2015.
Furthermore, the Group’s cost of borrowings was reduced
when compared with last year. During the year, the total cost
of borrowings of the Group was RMB3,275 million, representing
a decrease of RMB146 million when compared with RMB3,421
million last year. The decrease was mainly attributable to lower
borrowing rate during the year compared to last year. Taking
into consideration of exchange differences arising from foreign
currencies borrowings, the Group’s effective borrowing rate for
the year was 7.6%. Furthermore, the weighted average funding
cost of 2016 new borrowings was around 6.1%.
In order to reduce risks arising from exchange rate movements
in USD-and HKD-denominated debts, the Group reduced the
percentage of foreign currency borrowings during the year and
concluded capped forward contracts of USD1,605 million and
HKD4,450 million respectively. And the Group recorded fair value
gains in derivatives financial instruments of RMB562 million
arising from the said contracts as a deduction of finance costs
during the year. As at 31 December 2016, the notional amount
of the capped forward contracts entered into by the Group has
covered about 80% of the Group USD-and HKD-denominated
indebtedness.
Good corporate governance and multi-channel
communications
The Group upholds the concept of “mutual communication
for a win-win situation”. Subject to the requirements of the
Listing Rules and laws, the Group maintains effective mutual
communication and builds long-standing, stable relationships
with commercial banks, investment banks, rating agencies,
investors and analysts, thereby improving its corporate
transparency.
A responsible corporate citizen in pursuit of sustainable
development
Upholding the belief of “benefiting from society, giving back
to society”, the Group is committed to fulfilling its corporate
social responsibilities. During the year, RMB81 million
charitable donations were made. The Group firmly believes
that environmental protection is a key part in its sustainable
development, and strives to contribute to environmental
protection from project planning to completion and sale, as well
as property management and hotel operations. Furthermore,
the Group actively promotes environmental education and
encourages the staff to practise low carbon living.
Prospects and strategy
Looking ahead, the overall economy of China is expected
to maintain steady growth in 2017. The Group will continue
to uphold the philosophy of prudent development, adopt a
strategy of diversified development and drive the steady growth
of all its business segments. Apart from expanding property
development and promoting steady profit growth, the Group will
also accelerate its development and enhance its competitiveness
in business segments such as property management, hotel
operations, property investment and environmental protection.
More profit centres will be created. At the same time, the quality
of the Group’s products and services should be further optimised
with a customer-oriented approach.
While steadily expanding its businesses, the Group will strive
to maintain robust cash flows and a reasonable profit margin.
By means of accelerating sales turnover, enhancing financing
ability, reducing financing costs, allocating resources in an
orderly manner and reducing operating expenses, the Group
is strive to continue the profit growth trend in the second half
of 2016 and to achieve sustainable development. The Group
has engaged professional advisers to review and advise on the
feasibility, structure and timing of the potential spin-off listing of
its property management business, in order to realise value of
the business and enhance shareholders’ return.
A premium land bank is the cornerstone of the property
development business. The Group will adopt an active but
prudent strategy in land acquisition, with priority given to
opportunities in cities where existing projects with a competitive
edge are located, as well as first – and second – tier cities with
substantial growth potential. With thorough analysis and
planning, the Group will strategically acquire premium land
parcels when opportunity arises. It will continue to improve its
geographic diversification and optimise its product structure.
Meanwhile, the Group will continue to control costs effectively
through product standardisation, and will implement strict
construction management to ensure effective management of
resources for sale.
The Group will continue to enhance its overall management and
execution capability, with a view to laying a solid foundation for
healthy development in the long term, by further streamlining
the decision-making process, with ongoing control on
administrative expenses and enhancement of efficiency.
The Group is confident that, with the above measures and
the efforts of all staff, it will be able to drive its overall business
growth steadily and further increase the brand awareness of Agile
across the nation and maintain its position in the competitive
market. Meanwhile, the Group will also continue its promise of
undertaking corporate social responsibilities and contributing to
society by taking part in charity affairs.
Acknowledgement
On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my heartfelt
gratitude to the enormous support from our shareholders
and customers, as well as the dedicated efforts of all our staff
members, which enable Agile to grow and to achieve good
results.
CHEN Zhuo Lin
Chairman and President
Hong Kong, 15 March 2017