Chairman s Statement 
Agile will continue to improve its core competitiveness, while leveraging on its sharp market insight and superior implementation capabilities to continuously adjust the pace and scale of our development according to market changes. By all these efforts, the Group will continue to seize the opportunities ahead and lay a solid foundation for Agile to endeavour for 
CHEN Zhuo Lin 
I am pleased to present the report on annual results 2008 of Agile Group. During the year, despite the uncertainties surrounding mainland China s economy and overseas markets, and the challenging business environment facing the industry, the Group managed to cope with the market changes by adhering to a fl exible and prudent development strategy that aims to striving for satisfactory results.

During the year, the Group adopted a series of measures to mitigate the impacts of market adjustments and maintain the competitiveness and market share of Agile and had achieved satisfactory results. During the year, turnover and gross profi t amounted to approximately RMB9,326 million and RMB3,436 million, representing a decrease of 9.6% and 34.0% respectively when compared with last year.
Profi t attributable to shareholders was RMB5,467 million.
Net assets per share was RMB3.5 and earnings per share 
In accordance with the Group s prudent dividend policy, the Board has resolved to declare a fi nal dividend of HK6.4 cents per share for the year 2008 in return for shareholders trust and support. Together with the interim dividend of HK27.1 cents per share paid, the total dividend 2008 is HK33.5 cents per share which represented a sharp increase of 61.1% over that of HK20.8 cents in 2007.

The global fi nancial tsunami has resulted in a grim economic environment across all countries. China s economy has also been adversely affected, with many industries badly hit. To cope with the challenging economic environment, the Central Government launched a series of economic stimulus measures, with a view to boosting domestic demand so as to maintain a steady and relatively rapid economic growth. As the backbone of the national economy, the real estate industry was the Government s focus. During the year, the Government stepped up its efforts in the construction of protection-type housing.
It also strengthened the guidance and supervision on investment and development of commodity housing to safeguard the steady growth of the industry as a whole.
Meanwhile, in order to mitigate the negative impact of the fi nancial tsunami on the real estate industry, the Central Government introduced various measures to stimulate the property market in the fourth quarter, while fi nancing credits control was relaxed to promote rational development of the industry in the long-run. However, as the global fi nancial crisis persists, it is expected that an upturn of the domestic economy is not likely to happen in the short term, and the business environment will be even more complicated and variable.
In the face of the market challenge, the Group has experienced a sales slowdown in some of its projects when compared with the same period of last year. In order to cope with the challenges brought about by these changes, the Group has promptly adjusted its development and sales plans and formulated fl exible strategies. Accordingly, the Group further optimised its product mix and design, adjusted some of the unit prices and adopted a fl exible sales strategy to speed up sales. Such measures were met with satisfactory market response.

During the year, the Group recorded remarkable sales results for a number of projects within and outside the Guangdong Province, thus laying down a sound foundation for its long-term development. Many of the Group s projects in Guangdong Province, notably Phase II of Majestic Garden Huadu and Agile Binjiang Garden Conghua, were swiftly sold out on the launching day.
Moreover, La Cite Greenville Zhongshan was accredited the best selling property in the city for seven consecutive years. The four separate phases of Agile Garden Guangzhou successively launched during the year aggregated a satisfying sales amount of over RMB1.6 billion, again making it a prime example of hot-selling project against adverse market conditions. Agile Egret Lake, Huizhou has been sitting safely on the throne as the market leader since its initial offering, and remained as the top selling property project in Huizhou with a sales amount of RMB700 million in the year. The Group also achieved good results for projects outside the Guangdong Province. Agile Garden Nanjing succeeded in becoming the champion of property sales in Nanjing with an annual sales amount of approximately RMB1.2 billion, and won a number of local sales awards. Due to its superior construction quality and structural design, Agile Garden Chengdu survived the unprecedented earthquake disaster in Sichuan Province and was reaffi rmed and recognized by the market with sales proceeds of approximately RMB500 million.
Meanwhile Hainan Clearwater Bay was also launched offi cially for sale on 28 March 2009.
For the year ended 31 December 2008, the Group s contracted GFA sold was approximately 1.65 million sq.m.
with the contracted sales amounting to approximately 
During the year, the Group adhered to a prudent land acquisition strategy. Through open tender or transfer agreement, we acquired six pieces of prime land in Hainan, Zhongshan, Conghua and Shanghai at very competitive prices, amounted to approximately RMB2.41 billion, with the unit price of approximately RMB314 per sq.m.. Our 
low-cost and quality land bank also enabled us to maintain our competitive edge. As at 31 December 2008, the Group had 53 projects with a total land bank of over 28 million sq.m. in GFA, which will be suffi cient for its development in the coming 8 to 10 years.
As at 31 December 2008, the Group s completed GFA for sale was approximately 903,000 sq.m. and GFA under development was approximately 2.849 million sq.m.

On top of the property development, the Group would develop appropriately and extend the hotel business and investment properties in line with its cash fl ow and steady growth in a bid to build an optimised and diversifi ed business portfolio, generate stable revenue in the future and diversify operational risk. During the year, Guangzhou Agile Hotel and Foshan Agile Hotel, self-operated by the Group, continued to generate stable income streams.
Furthermore, the Group duly entered into an agreement to acquire Zhongshan Agile Hotel at the end of the year, so that the number of our self-operated hotels has been increased to three. Looking forward, the Group plans to build several hotels in Shanghai, Huizhou and Hainan, and certain letters of intent for cooperation with various internationally-renowned hotel management companies are being prepared with a view to further improve the Group s management and operation ability in the hotel business.

During the year, the Company continued to make every effort in establishing and maintaining good investor relations, maintaining communication with the public and allocating resources accordingly to enhance bilateral information exchange. Maintaining high transparency and effi ciency of information disclosure was even more important in 2008, a year characterised by turbulence in the capital market. During the year, the Company further enhanced the communication with external parties, and ensured the information of the Group (such 
as the latest sales data, development strategies, operation management, fi nancial position, business development and market outlook) was clearly, accurately and effectively provided to the investors through continual and proactive communication. Meanwhile, the Group also collected valuable opinions from investors so as to keep itself abreast of the focus of the capital market. Investor relations policies are formulated accordingly with an aim to facilitating the investor relations work of the Group, maintaining highly transparent corporate governance and 
Corporate social responsibilities As an enterprise with integrity and a strong sense of social responsibility, the Group actively shoulders its social responsibilities and obligations of a corporate citizen while seeking to create the maximum value. During the year, the Group continued to actively promote and participate in various public welfare activities. In respect of education and study aid, the Group was the full-year sponsor to Sowers Action for the second consecutive year; our staff also offered support by joining the annual Walk to Guangzhou . In the PRC, the Group set up Agile Property Scholarship and Study Subsidy for several tertiary institutions, aiming at helping outstanding students who have fi nancial diffi culty, to complete their studies.
Furthermore, the Group established Chinese Language Education Foundation Agile Special Fund for Chinese Culture Continuation Work to promote Chinese culture and education. To help in fi ghting against poverty, the Group sponsored the fund-raising activities of Child Famine 2008 organised by World Vision. In terms of medical support, the Group was the main sponsor for Lifeline Express Charity Marathon 2008 . In addition, the Group donated a total of RMB10 million to areas hit by the snowstorm in Southern China at the beginning of the year. A sum of more than HK$150 million was donated by the Group and its executive directors to the affected area in the earthquake in Wenchuan, Sichuan, making the Group the property developer who made the largest donation in the PRC in the year.

Agile was highly praised by the Hong Kong Council of Social Service, Boao Real Estate Forum Organising Committee and Ministry of Civil Affairs of the PRC, for its active participation in charity and its strong sense of social responsibility. The Group received several awards such as Caring Company 200809 , China Social Responsibility 2008 Special Award and China Charity Award the Most Caring Foreign Enterprise Award .

As the key to enhance after-sale service and brand effect, property management has always been our operation focus. The property management companies of the Group have been devoted to achieving the goal of fulfi ll your needs and exceed your expectations , while providing its residents with safe, civilized, comfortable, convenient and excellent property management service. In addition, the Group has purchased a centralised property management software system to further improve service effi ciency and tie in the Group s strategy of sustainable nationwide development. We will continue to listen to the requests and suggestions from the community and make continuous improvement of our existing services, so as to provide professional property management service at international 
The Group has been insisting on and implementing a prudent operating strategy thoroughly, and proactively responded to the ever-changing market in order to maintain its competitiveness, with an aim to becoming the most capable property developer in China. To cope with the adverse economic conditions as well as the complicated operating environment, we will strengthen cost control, improve cash fl ows, and adopt more fl exible and effi cient measures to cope with the challenges brought by the volatile market conditions.

For the sake of our business development, we will keep a stable growing pace. Our business development strategy will be reviewed from time to time so as to develop products catering the needs of markets in different regions, further optimise our product mix, and meet the market demands for housing through a fl exible pricing policy and marketing strategy. Meanwhile, it is necessary to take a prudent strategy and make the best use of resources for operation under the uncertain economic and credit environment. We will make appropriate adjustment to the proportion of investment properties and pace of development. Hotels, grade A commercial buildings and shopping malls being planned will be reasonably developed as we take into account the market environment and our fi nancial position. All in all, we strive to further optimise the business portfolio of the Group.
In terms of the fi nancial management, the Group will continue to maintain a stable fi nancial status and adopt a fl exible marketing strategy to facilitate sales, further improving the fi nancial structure of the Group and maintaining the gearing ratio at an optimal level.
At the same time, the Group will further safeguard the interest of the Shareholders by improving the internal control system, standardising the managerial process, refi ning the work fl ow, enhancing the work effi ciency, establishing internal control stipulations and strengthening the cost control on a continual basis.

Despite the persistent diffi culties doggies in the domestic and overseas macroeconomic environments and the volatile property market in China; various economic stimulus measures and policies formulated by the PRC Government in response to the situation have started to pay off and a rational growth trend of the property market has resumed. I am of the view that, with the maturing market competition mechanism, under which the fittest 
survives, the property market will become more stable and grow steadily, which will create a favourable operating environment for large-scale property developers with a sound footing and integrated strength, including Agile.
I believe that the property prices have returned to a reasonable level after this wave of adjustments.
Considering the main theme of the PRC s policies encouraging expansion of domestic demands, leading to huge demand for residential properties, the Group foresees a fl ourishing prospect for its property projects. With our sharp market insight and superior implementation capabilities, we will adjust the pace and scale of development in line with the changing market. We will seize the opportunities to continually enhance our core competitiveness and further consolidate the competitive edge of our brand, by which a solid foundation for another upcoming glorious era of Agile in laid.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express heartful gratitude to our Shareholders, the investors and business partners. Without their trust and support, as well as the concerted effort of our staff, Agile would not be able to achieve steady business growth over the years.
CHEN Zhuo Lin 
Hong Kong, 14 April 2009 
With our sharp market insight and superior implementation capabilities, we will seize every single opportunity to continually enhance our core competitiveness and further consolidate the competitive edge of our brand......

Annual Business Review 
