Chairman s Statement 
Upholding the philosophy of prudent development, the Group will continue to maintain its inherent strength, enhance its comprehensive corporate management capability and refine its business and financial 
CHEN Zhuo Lin 
I am pleased to report the audited consolidated results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2014: Results and dividends During the year, the revenue and gross profit of the Group was RMB38,318 million and RMB12,431 million respectively, representing an increase of 8.1% and a decrease of 1.5% when compared with last year. Net profit amounted to RMB5,091 million, representing a decrease of 13.2% when compared with last year. Overall 
gross profit margin and net profit margin were 32.4% and 
During the year, the Group s total recognised sales of property development was RMB37,037 million, representing an increase of 7.5% when compared with last year. Revenue from property management, hotel operations and property investment also increased by 24.9%, 43.2% and 29.9% respectively when compared with last year.

Taking into account the Group s business development needs and shareholders investment returns, the Board has proposed a final dividend of HK25.0 cents per Share for 2014 to be paid to the Shareholders. Together with the interim dividend of HK14.5 cents per Share paid in 2014, the total dividend of 2014 will be HK39.5 cents per Share, representing a decrease of 16.8% when compared with 
During the year, the global economy showed mixed performance. The United States and the United Kingdom experienced a steady recovery, while the Eurozone and Japan showed slow recovery. In China, the overall economy maintained steady growth. Potential buyers in the property market generally took a wait-and-see stance in the first half of the year, until the tightening measures and housing loan policy were eased moderately in some cities in the second half of the year, which improved the market sentiment. The overall average selling price recorded a slight decrease for the full year, and the demand for products catering for end-users and high quality products remained stable.
During the year, the Group capitalised on market opportunities and adjusted its marketing strategy promptly. By launching projects in a timely manner at reasonable prices in response to market demand, the Group has successfully increased the sell-through rate to approximately 62% and improved the ageing of inventories. During the year, the Group s pre-sales was RMB44,160 million, representing an increase of 9.5% when compared with last year. The GFA pre-sold was 4.588 million sq.m., with the average selling price being RMB9,625 per sq.m..

During the year, the Group s geographic diversification strategy continued to show results. Southern China Region continued to generate stable sales with projects in Guangzhou, Zhongshan, Foshan and Eastern Guangdong district recorded outstanding pre-sales performance in their respective markets. In 2013, the Group made efforts to expand its business in Eastern China Region and acquired 13 new projects strategically. Of these, 8 projects in cities like Shanghai, Yangzhou, Wuxi, Kunshan, Nantong and etc. were launched for sale during the year, contributing to the Group s pre-sales, and a number of projects in Nanjing recorded good sales performance. The tourism property business in Hainan Province continued to lead the market. In addition, the Group s projects in other cities including Chengdu, Zhengzhou and Xi an also achieved satisfactory pre-sales results.
The Group believes that timely introduction of products tailored to market needs is particularly important to ensure stable growth of the business as a whole. As China s property market will continue to be benefited from urbanisation and GDP growth, as well as strong end-users and upgraders demand, the Group continued to optimise its product mix during the year by focusing on products catering for end-users and upgraders demand, supplemented by high-end products tailored to market needs. Meanwhile, given the continuous improvement in people s quality of life and their increasing yearn for nature, there has been a strong demand for quality tourism property for such purposes including health- keeping, retirement and travel, and some of the Group s projects will continue to develop products catering for 
In respect of other businesses, with more properties delivered during the year, the Group s revenue from property management increased by 24.9%. Revenue from hotel operations also recorded an increase of 43.2% over last year. The Group had 8 hotels in operation, including the newly opened Holiday Inn Resort Hainan Clearwater Bay, Howard Johnson Agile Plaza Chengdu and Sheraton Bailuhu Resort Huizhou, and generated stable revenue for the Group while enhancing the value of the projects where these hotels are located. In respect of the property investment business, Agile International Plaza Shanghai recorded an occupancy rate of 95%. In addition, the Group relocated its headquarters to Guangzhou Agile Center during the year, marking a new milestone in the development of the Group.
Prudent land acquisition strategy Given its sufficient land bank and market changes, the Group had slowed down the pace of land acquisition during the year. The Group increased its land bank by acquiring a total planned GFA of 2.21 million sq.m. in China, including Changsha, Chenzhou, Foshan, Wenchang of Hainan, and Tengchong of Yunnan, and Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia, with average land cost being RMB1,274 per sq.m.. As at 25 March 2015, the Group has an aggregate land bank with a total planned GFA of approximately 40.35 million sq.m. in 42 cities and districts, with average land cost being RMB1,157 per sq.m., which offers a certain competitive edge to the Group s property development 
Sound financial strategy and enhanced cash 
Sound financial position has been the pillar supporting the Group s business development. During the year, the Group has consolidated and optimised its financial structure by capitalising on multi-channel financing and enhanced its cash flow management, with a view to striking a balance between business development and 
During the year, the Company successfully issued US$500 million 8.375% senior notes due 2019 and RMB2,000 million 6.50% senior notes due 2017, raised net proceeds of HK$1,639 million by completing a rights issue recorded 1.5 times over-subscription, and was granted a 8-month term loan facility in the amount of US$475 million and a 3-year term loan facility of HK$2,895 million. The Company also redeemed its US$300 million 10% senior notes due 2016 and US$500 million 4% Convertible Bonds due 2016, and agreed with certain banks on the revisions of two facility agreements, thereby reducing financing costs and optimising its debt structure effectively.
During the year, the Group made efforts to enhance its cash flow management, including launching more products catering for end-users and upgraders demand in the market, adopting flexible sales strategies and diversified payment terms in order to accelerate the sales turnover. Meanwhile, the Group has established a dedicated team to manage sales collection comprehensively on a routine basis, resulting in an improvement of the overall sales collection. In addition, in response to market changes, the Group adjusted the scope and progress of its property development promptly, slowed down the pace of land acquisition and enhanced the standardisation of product design, which effectively controlled major expenditure including construction costs and land premium.
Good corporate governance and multi-channel 
The Group upholds the concept of mutual communication for a win-win situation . Subject to the requirements of the Listing Rules and laws, the Group maintains effective mutual communication and builds long-standing, stable relationships with commercial banks, investment banks, rating agencies, investors and analysts, thereby improving its corporate transparency.

A responsible corporate citizen in pursuit of 
Upholding the belief of benefiting from society, giving back to society , the Group is committed to fulfilling its corporate social responsibilities. During the year, the Group s accumulated volunteer days achieved by near 30,000 participants were equivalent to over 10,000 days, while RMB61 million charitable donations were made. The Group firmly believes that environmental protection is a key part in its sustainable development, and strives to contribute to environmental protection from project planning to completion and sale, as well as property management and hotel operations. Furthermore, the Group actively promotes environmental education and encourages the staff to practise low carbon living.
Prospects and strategy Looking ahead, China s economy is expected to grow steadily in 2015. Stable growth was seen in the overall property market in China, as the tightening measures introduced by the Government in the past few years have proved to be effective. Due to the unduly high level of inventories in the market in the short term, it is expected that the industry will remain challenging despite the gradual marketisation of the tightening measures and the relative easing of credit policies. In the long term, on the back of China s continuous economic growth, the ongoing urbanisation and the continued increase in people s income, the Group believes that the demand of first time home buyers or upgraders will continue to dominate the market, driving the healthy growth of the property market.
As the property market embraces a new normal , businesses must enhance their internal management continuously and address market changes flexibly in order to maintain their competitive edge. Looking ahead, upholding the philosophy of prudent development, the Group will continue to maintain its inherent strengths, enhance its comprehensive corporate management capability and refine its business and financial 
Meanwhile, the Group intends to enhance its product positioning and planning in the early stage. The Group will continue to optimise its product mix by focusing on products catering for end-users and upgraders demand, supplemented by tourism property and high-end products tailored to market needs. The Group aims to control costs effectively through product standardisation. In respect of sales, the Group will adopt flexible sales strategies to improve its sell-through rate and accelerate its asset turnover. In respect of property development, the Group is committed to shortening the development cycle, optimising its management and further improving product quality. The Group will maintain an appropriate ratio of inventory to sales, so that capital expenditure can be controlled more effectively. In respect of land bank, the Group will continue to adopt a prudent strategy.
Meanwhile, the Group will further drive its diversified development and increase its competitive edge in other businesses including hotel operations, property investment and property management while ensuring the competitiveness of the property development business in the industry. The Group will implement the optimisation of human resources and improve the structure of corporate management in order to enhance overall execution capability and competitiveness.
The Group is confident that, with the above measures and the efforts of all staff, it will be able to drive its overall business growth steadily and further increase the brand awareness of Agile across the nation and maintain its position in the competitive market.
Meanwhile, the Group will also continue its promise of undertaking corporate social responsibilities and contributing to society by taking part in charity affairs.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to the enormous support of our shareholders and customers, as well as the dedicated efforts of all our staff members, which enables Agile to grow.
CHEN Zhuo Lin Chairman and President Hong Kong, 25 March 2015 
