Chairman s Statement 
Th e Group shall be keen to take on the challenges and seize the opportunities with strengths such as the professional experience of 19 years in property development, well-qualifi ed management team, stable growth, excellent brand name, strong competitiveness of the products, sound financial position and ample and superior land bank.

Results and dividends For the year ended 31 December 2010, the turnover and gross profit of the Group was approximately RMB20,520 million and RMB9,389 million respectively, representing an increase of 53.9% and 89.5% respectively when compared with last year. Profit attributable to shareholders reached RMB5,976 million and earnings per share was RMB1.707, representing an increase of 220.4% and 229.5% respectively when compared with last year.
The Board has proposed the distribution of a final dividend of HK23.0 cents per Share for 2010, representing an increase of 88.5% when compared with last year. If approved by Shareholders, the total dividend for the year will be HK29.1 cents per Share, representing an increase of 63.5% when compared with last year.

CHEN Zhuo Lin Chairman 
Market and business review In 2010, the Central Government exercised further control over the property market in China. In the second half of the year, tightening policies such as stringent requirements on the loan approval and grant for the purchase of second property, restriction on mortgage loan for the third home purchase or above, suspension of mortgage loan for non-resident buyers, purchase restriction order, more rigorous regulation on the financing for property enterprises were introduced in major cities of China, and the People s Bank of China had raised the deposit reserve fund ratio for commercial banks for 6 consecutive times and increased the interest rate twice. Under these circumstances, the property market in China had gone through another policy year . The series of policies are vital for the long-term and healthy development of the property industry, and is also the acid test for the overall strength of property developers.
Year 2010 marked the Group s 18th anniversary of entering the property market in China and the 5th anniversary of listing in Hong Kong. Amid the stringent policy controls, with the extensive experience, excellent management and accurate judgement of the market, the Group tackled the situation in self-possession and seized opportunities that arose, took the initiative to adjust the operations and financial strategy and persisted in improving the mode of operation and financial structure, while applied an array of sales patterns based on past experience and prudently implemented a diversified development strategy in various regions to diversify the risk of operation. In addition, the Group made active efforts to broaden its financing channels. As a result thereof, the Group had achieved a remarkable result in all aspects and had also reached a historical breakthrough in the sales 
Effective strategy brought another excellent sales achievement During the year, the Group had 32 projects on sale situate at 17 different cities and districts, including 4 newly-launched projects, namely Agile Garden Huadu, Agile International Garden Chongqing, Agile Royal Mount Zhongshan and Agile Xiyue Zhongshan. For the year ended 31 December 2010, the Group recorded contracted sales of approximately RMB32,300 million 
and contracted GFA sold of approximately 2.83 million sq.m., representing a year-on-year growth of 60.7% and 21.7% respectively with the average contracted ASP of approximately RMB11,406 per sq.m.. In particular, the sales of projects outside Guangdong Province accounting for approximately 45.6% of the Group s total contracted sales, witnessed the fruit of success in the implementation of its regional diversified strategy.
During the year, a number of projects of the Group has achieved an excellent sales achievement, with 9 projects recording contracted sales of RMB1,000 million or above. Among which, the contracted sales of Hainan Clearwater Bay was approximately RMB9,900 million; the contracted sales of Agile Cambridgeshire Guangzhou was approximately RMB2,600 million; the contracted sales of Agile Garden Guangzhou was approximately RMB2,600 million, and was ranked the second in number of units sold in Guangzhou in 2010 of Netease Property Website and selected as one of the Top 10 Best Selling Famous Development (Guangzhou) on the Top Sales List of Property in China in 2010 ; the contracted sales of La Cit Greenville Zhongshan was approximately RMB1,900 million; the contracted sales of Agile Garden Nanjing was approximately RMB1,900 million, and was accredited as one of the top three in sales amount in Nanjing; the contracted sales of Agile Garden Chengdu was approximately RMB1,500 million; the contracted sales of Agile Garden Shunde was approximately RMB1,500 million; the contracted sales of Metro Agile Zhongshan was approximately RMB1,200 million; the sales of Agile Royal Mount Zhongshan achieved excellent results with the contracted sales exceeding RMB1,000 million in just 4 months. Moreover, Guangzhou Asian Games City Project, in which the Group has 20% equity interest, was launched in September 2010, and had achieved remarkable contracted sales of approximately RMB5,000 million within 3 months.
A diversified business portfolio for future steady revenues Having committed to the prudent development strategy, the Group had further allocated its resources on the development of hotels and investment properties businesses, so as to build up a more extensive and diversified business portfolio for generating steady revenue streams in future as well as dispersing operational risks. Furthermore, as most of the Group s hotels and investment properties are located within the Group s property development projects, synergy can be created and the value of these projects may also be enhanced. During the year, certain of these properties were designated for long-term rental yield or intended to be held for future capital appreciation purpose. The revaluation market value of these properties was approximately RMB4,998 million. The revaluation gains on these properties were approximately RMB3,198 million with the deferred income tax for the revaluation gains of approximately RMB800 million.
During the year, the operation of the Group s 3 self-operated hotels was sound. Also, the Group entered into a hotel management agreement with Holiday Inns (China) Limited. At present, a total of 8 hotels and 5 major investment properties were undergoing either planning design or construction. Among which Shanghai Marriott Hotel City Centre is undergoing interior fitting-out works and is expected to open in 2011. The main structures of Raffles Sanya Clearwater Bay and Sheraton Egret Lake Resort Huizhou have been topped out and are expected to open in or before 2012; Hainan Clearwater Bay International Brands Outlet and Xiqiao Metropolitan Plaza are also expected to commence operation soon.
Strategic replenishment of land bank for sustainable development Given that land bank is the key factor for a solid and sustainable development for property development, the Group has been able to seize the right moment to strategically replenish the land bank by various means, depending on its cash flow and the development strategy. The Group targets mainly the regions with the brand name of Agile have been successfully established and in the vicinity of peripheral regions or cities with development potential and nearby the Group s projects that are near 
completion. During the year, the Group successfully acquired a number of pieces of prime land situated in various cities, such as Guangzhou, Foshan, Zhongshan, Nanjing, Shenyang, Shanghai and Hainan through auctions and by agreements. Moreover, following the joint venture for Guangzhou Asian Games City Project, the Group had also established a joint venture with Guangzhou R&F Properties Co., Ltd., KWG Property Holding Limited and Shimao Property Holdings Limited to jointly acquire the land in Jinnan District, Tianjin, China, to be developed into properties of high quality. During the year, the total GFA of newly acquired land of the Group was approximately 4.04 million sq.m..
As at 16 March 2011, the Group had 70 projects in 26 different cities and districts in China and a land bank with a total GFA of approximately 33.51 million sq.m., the average land cost of which is approximately RMB1,132 per sq.m. only, which is sufficient to cope with the development need of the Group in the next 8 to 10 years. As at 31 December 2010, the Group had a land bank with a total completed GFA held for sale of approximately 631,323 sq.m. and a total GFA under development of approximately 6.37 million sq.m..
A prudent financial strategy to enhance the Group s financial strength The Group insists on implementing a prudent financial strategy in accordance with the corporate development needs and the conditions of the capital market. In respect of capital operations, the Group is convinced that steady and sufficient cash flows are paramount to the development. Therefore, the Group took the initiative to develop and broaden financial channels as well as created new financing platforms. During the year, not only did the Company succeed in issuing 8.875% senior notes in the aggregate principal amount of US$650 million due 2017, but also early redeemed 9% senior notes in the aggregate principal amount of US$400 million due 2013, which not only saved interest expenses but also optimised the Group s debt structure.
Moreover, the Group also obtained a total financing of approximately US$730 million by way of bilateral loans and club loans and repaid a syndicated loan of US$200 million. These financing activities helped to further optimise the Group s debt structure and consolidate the foundation of the working capital for the healthy development. As at 31 December 2010, the Group s total cash and bank deposits were RMB10,681 million, representing an increase of 74.3% over last year; and contracted sales receivables were approximately RMB5,540 million, together with the available credit limit granted by banks of approximately RMB20,900 million, which shows that the Group has sufficient financial resources to seize any opportunity that arises in the 
Mutual communication in investor relations for a higher corporate transparency The Group firmly believes that an effective investor relations management can enhance investors understanding and recognition of the Company, establishing a more solid Shareholders basis and promoting the establishment of a long-term, stable and beneficial relation with various intermediaries in the capital market, all of these being able to reduce the finance cost. During the year, the Group strived to strengthen the regular communications with investors and the media so as to maintain a mutual communication and a high standard of corporate governance and corporate transparency.
During the year, the Group was accorded The Asset Corporate Gold Award presented by The Asset Magazine and the envied honour of Fabulous 50 The Best of Asia Pacific s Biggest Listed Companies presented by Forbes Asia for 2 consecutive years. The Group s Annual Report of 2009 was accorded 3 grand awards by the League of American Communications Professional, thereby reaffirming that the Group s excellent corporate governance was highly recognised by all sectors.

International property management enhancing the Group s brand value Property management services, which was a focus of the Group, plays a vital role in enhancing the Group s brand promotion and after-sales services. With the Group s Customer-oriented servicing philosophy, the property management companies strived to provide approximately 300,000 residents with excellent services in order to meet each and every resident s needs, and creating a leisure lifestyle for the residents.
The property management companies of the Group had recorded a total property management fee income of approximately RMB257 million, representing a substantial increase of 10.7% when compared with last year.
Committed to corporate social responsibility and creating harmony in society As a corporate citizen, the Group upholds the belief of Benefiting from the Society, Giving back to the Society . The Group takes the initiatives to shoulder the social responsibility and works further so as to become an excellent corporate citizen which contributes towards a harmonious society. The Group has established a social responsibility management mechanism in relieving people in stricken areas, helping the poor, contributing for education, environmental protection and medical care.
The Group has been a supporter of sustainable development. It strictly adheres to environmental protection principles and establishes a mission statement and policy for environmental protection, which was approved by the Board during the year. In respect of planning and design, the Group adheres to the green development concept and incorporates the environmental protection element into every segment of property development, thereby promoting green construction and building green homes.
During the year, the Group was accorded awards and titles including The Most Socially Responsible Property Developer , Leading Guangdong Property Enterprise in Social Responsibility and Caring Company , which evident that the Group has been actively performing its responsibility and fulfilling its obligations as a corporate citizen, which is widely recognised by the society at large.
Development strategy and prospect The current global financial situation remains complex and volatile. Similarly, the Central Government s policy towards the property industry is uncertain. All these in the short-term may have some impacts on the development of the property industry.
Looking forward, development opportunities will be mixed with challenges in 2011 based on the overview of China s economic development. The tightening policies introduced by the Central Government are showing signs of impact, and will effectively adjust the property price and the transaction volume in different cities and districts to a healthy level in long-term.
China s economic fundamentals are sound with the economy in sustainable growth, the disposable income of the people is rising, the consumer confidence index is persistently high, urbanisation is being accelerated and the inelastic demand for housing keeps increasing. These are important factors working to push forward the long-term and steady development of the property industry of China. Upholding the operation philosophy of Stability, Prudence, Sustainability , the Group is cautiously optimistic in the short-term and is optimistic in the medium to long-term, and will make any necessary adjustment according to the market positioning of the products, the geographic locations and development potential, and to generate the best return for the Shareholders. The Group shall be keen to take on the challenges and seize the opportunities with strengths such as the professional experience of 19 years in property development, well-qualified management team, stable and long-term business partners, excellent brand name, strong competitiveness of the products, sound financial position and ample and superior land bank.

Looking ahead, the Group will adhere to the idea of Better Value For Money in developing quality properties, to further encourage incorporating innovation and humanisation in product design by establishing a design research and development centre in order to ensure satisfactory profit and growth. The Group will strive to lift the sophistication of construction skills, continue to increase the proportions of top and high-end properties in order to meet the market demand for diversified and superior housing with appreciation potential.
The Group has been accumulating extensive experience in developing large-scale composite properties in city outskirts or cities of high growth potential, and these regions have very high development potential and plenty of room for appreciation. Therefore, the Group will continue to implement the development strategy and focus on develop large-scale composite projects, whereas hotels and investment properties will be supplementary so as to disperse the operational risk. Furthermore, while the Group continues to strengthen its business in the regions with existing projects, it will expand and identify other new opportunities in an active yet prudent manner, so as to take the Agile brand name to cities and regions with even higher development potential and enlarge the Group s market share.
Regarding operation management, with the expanding business scale, the Group makes an active effort to improve the core competitiveness of each segment and optimise the management model, including strengthening the enforcement in carrying out project development, enhancing the Group s management efficiency and cost-effectiveness, rigorously implementing the monitoring and controlling of dynamic costs, step up the Group s internal monitoring system and lift the standard of the Group s corporate governance. In achieving these objectives, one of the Group s key strategies is by applying the fast-developing information technology and strive to implement the electronic management platform and its related operating systems. With the vigorous drive in recent years, the information system of the Group is becoming more mature and sound that can act to support the highly efficient operations of the Group s chain of core business and demonstrate inter-departmental synergy.
The Group is committed to maintain the leading position in China s property industry and achieve a balanced growth, which is sustainable and steady, in order to maximise values and generate greatest returns for the Shareholders and customers. While maintaining the healthy and sustainable development, the Group would also continue its promise of undertaking social responsibility and obligations by taking part in public welfare and charity.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend my wholehearted gratitude to our Shareholders, customers and business partners, for their tremendous support and trust, as well as the concerted effort of our staff, without them Agile would not be able to achieve steady growth and successive performance throughout the year.
CHEN Zhuo Lin 
Hong Kong, 16 March 2011 
