Chairman s Statement 
The Group adhered to a fl exible and prudent development strategy and responded to market changes actively by capitalising on its comprehensive strengths: 19 years of professional experience in property development, stable and well-qualifi ed management team, excellent brand image, highly competitive products, sound fi nancial position as well as ample and superior 
CHEN Zhuo Lin 
Results and dividends For the year ended 31 December 2011, the turnover and gross profi t of the Group were approximately RMB22,945 million and RMB12,354 million respectively, representing an increase of approximately 11.8% and 31.6% respectively when compared with last year. Net profi t for the year excluding after-tax fair value gains on investment properties was approximately RMB5,161 million, and the net profi t margin excluding after-tax fair value gains on investment properties was approximately 22.5%, representing an increase of approximately 28.4% and approximately 2.9 percentage points respectively when compared with last year.
After the balance between the Group s business development needs and Shareholders investments return, the Board has proposed a fi nal dividend of HK23.4 cents per share for 2011.
If approved by Shareholders, the total dividend of 2011 was HK34.2 cents per share, representing an increase of 17.5% when compared with last year.
Market and business review In 2011, the fear of global economic recession and the spread of Europe s fi nancial crisis cast a shadow on the property market in China. This coupled with the escalated control measures and tightening monetary policies implemented by the Central Government to ensure steady development of the property market. Consequently, the market experienced quite signifi cant changes.
Amid such challenging market conditions, the Group adhered to a fl exible and prudent development strategy and responded to market changes actively by capitalising on its comprehensive strengths: 19 years of professional experience in property 
development, stable and well-qualifi ed management team, excellent brand image, highly competitive products, sound fi nancial position as well as ample and superior land bank. Not only did the Group obtain satisfactory results but also received a number of widely recognised honours and awards, such as China s Well-known Trademark from the Trademark Offi ce of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce, Fabulous 50 The Best of Asia Pacifi c s Biggest Listed Companies presented by Forbes Asia Magazine for the 3rd consecutive year, The Asset Corporate Platinum Award presented by The Asset Magazine and China Company Award of DHLSCMP Hong Kong Business Awards 2011.
Effective geographic diversifi cation bringing encouraging sales results The Group continued to benefi t from its geographic diversifi cation strategy, which effectively balanced operational risks resulted from the volatility in regional markets. During the year, sales in Guangzhou, Zhongshan and Hainan accounted for approximately 25%, 24% and 23% of the total contracted sales of the Group respectively, while sales in Western China and Yangtze River Delta, Foshan and Eastern Guangdong accounted for approximately 12%, 10% and 6% of the total contracted sales respectively. During the year, the Group had 41 projects on sale located in 18 different cities and districts. For the year ended 31 December 2011, the Group recorded contracted sales of approximately RMB31,500 million, close to last year, and contracted GFA sold of approximately 3.11 million sq.m., representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 10% with contracted average selling price of RMB10,144 per sq.m..
During the year, all projects on sale of the Group have achieved encouraging sales results. A total of 9 projects including Hainan Clearwater Bay, Agile Cambridgeshire Guangzhou, La Cit Greenville Zhongshan, Agile Garden Chengdu, Agile International Garden Chongqing, The 
Century Zhongshan, Agile Garden Shunde, Agile Egret Lake Huizhou and Agile Royal Mount Zhongshan recorded aggregate contracted sales of more than RMB1,000 million.
In respect of joint venture projects, Guangzhou Asian Games City Project, in which the Group holds a 20% equity interest, recorded contracted sales of approximately RMB2,100 million.
Another project of which the Group holds a 25% equity interest is Tianjin Jinnan New City, which recorded contracted sales of approximately RMB900 million.
A diversifi ed business portfolio to generate 
In addition to the Group s commitment to property development, it continued the development of hotel operations and property investment in a prudent manner, so as to build up a more extensive and diversifi ed business portfolio for generating steady revenue stream as well as dispersing operational risks. Furthermore, benefi ting from the synergy arising from the hotels and commercial properties located within the Group s property development projects, the value of these projects has also been enhanced.
During the year, Shanghai Marriott Hotel City Centre commenced operations as the fi rst international 5-star hotel of the Group, setting a milestone for the Group s hotel business development. Raffl es Sanya Clearwater Bay and Sheraton Egret Lake Resort Huizhou are also set to open in 2012. The operation of the Group s 4 self-operated hotels was sound, recorded consistently steady occupancy rates. The property investment business also achieved a breakthrough with the opening of Xiqiao Metropolis Plaza located in Foshan in 2011.
It became the fi rst pure commercial project of the Group to come into service, with a contracted lease rate of over 90%.
Agile International Plaza Shanghai and Hainan Clearwater Bay International Brand Outlet are currently being offered for 
Prudent land acquisition strategy and stable 
Ample land bank is critical to the long-term development of any competent developer. Over the years, the Group has been replenishing its land bank strategically while maintaining a sound fi nancial position. The Group s land bank is suffi cient for its development needs in the next 8 to 10 years, thus allowing room for a prudent land acquisition strategy to seek for reasonably priced quality land.
During the year, the Group has acquired quality land lots in a number of districts, including Sanshui, Xi an and Ding an County of Hainan Province by way of auction and tender.
The total GFA of the newly acquired land was approximately 
As at 7 March 2012, the Group had 70 projects in 26 cities and districts in China and a land bank with a total GFA of approximately 31.44 million sq.m., with an average land cost of approximately RMB1,277 per sq.m. only. As at 31 December 2011, the Group s completed GFA held for sale was approximately 771,537 sq.m. and those under development was approximately 7.13 million sq.m..
Stable fi nancial position and fl exible fi nancing strategy The Group insists on implementing a prudent fi nancial strategy. By multi-channel fi nancing, fi nancial structure optimisation and strengthening of working capital, the Group maintained a stable and suffi cient cash fl ow to capitalise on investment opportunities when appropriate. The sound fi nancial position and bright prospects of the Group are widely recognised by major banks and rating agencies.

During the year, the Group conducted offshore fi nancing successfully, obtained loans from several well-known banks and successfully issued US$500 million 4% convertible bonds due by 2016. Moody s Investors Service, Inc. upgraded the credit rating on the Group and its bonds to Ba2 with a Stable outlook, one of the best in the industry.
As at 31 December 2011, the Group s total cash and bank deposits were approximately RMB7,328 million; committed but undrawn borrowing facilities were approximately 
High level of corporate transparency and win-win investor relations The Group upholds the concept of mutual communication to achieve a win-win situation for investor relations.
Effective investor relations by fostering the understanding of the Group s businesses and recognition of the Group s development direction among investors and the public is benefi cial to the Group in the expansion of fi nancing channels, reduction of fi nancing costs, as well as the strengthening of shareholder base. During the year, the Group was widely acclaimed for its high transparency in investor relations, whereby it received the Best Investor Relations (Real Estate) Award from IR Magazine and was shortlisted as the top three for the Best Overall Investor Relations by a Mainland Chinese 
International standard property management continues to enhance brand 
The Group recognised that while expanding its scale of business operation, its property management services must keep pace with the latest standards and meet the diversifi ed needs of different residents with its customer-oriented service 
philosophy. For this purpose, the Group launched again the Elite Cultivation Year Programme in last year to train up property management elites and high-end property service professionals with international standards, so that they will be able to provide better quality property management services to the Group s approximately 380,000 residents across China.
Unfailing commitment to society As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group has long held the belief of benefi ting from the society, giving back to society and has integrated this philosophy into its corporate culture. While maintaining steady business growth, the Group also took initiatives to shoulder social responsibilities and obligations. During the year, the Group held and participated in various charitable activities, which were greatly supported by the management and staff. The accumulated voluntary service hours achieved by all members of the Group were equivalent to approximately 20,000 days. During the year, the Group received a number of honours for its effort in fulfi lling corporate social responsibility, including China Charity Awards The Most Caring Enterprise and Guangdong Real Estate Corporate Social Responsibility Model Enterprise 
In addition to social welfare activities, the Group has been a staunch supporter of sustainable development. During the year, the Group promoted environmental awareness in all aspects, from its business development, daily operation to corporate sponsorship. One notable example is Hainan Clearwater Bay, which won the bronze award of The International Awards for Liveable Communities 2011 endorsed by the United Nations Environment Programme, showing the high quality and environmental protection philosophy of the Group s projects were recognised by the 
Development strategy and prospects Looking ahead, the international fi nancial and economic conditions are expected to remain challenging in 2012. The tightening policies introduced by the Central Government over the property market are showing signs of impact and likely to continue. The Group will adjust its marketing strategies, price positioning and development plans depending on the market conditions in different cities. With its quality products, excellent after-sale service and customer-oriented property management, as well as its improving dynamic cost control system, the Group is confi dent that it can cope with different situations, and is optimistic about the long- term development of the property market which is expected to be driven by the long-term continuous growth of China s economy, continuously strong inelastic demand and enormous 
The Group will uphold the operation philosophy of Stability, Prudence, and Sustainability and leverage its advantages to meet upcoming challenges and capture opportunities. The Group will also adhere to the idea of Better Value for Money in developing quality properties and continue its pioneering position by delivering innovative, practical and humanised units and design through its product design centre. In addition, the Group will continue to increase the proportions of top and high-end properties in order to meet the market demand for diversifi ed and superior housing with appreciation 
The Group has been accumulating extensive experience in developing large-scale composite properties in city outskirts or cities of high growth potential, and these regions have very high development potential and plenty of room for appreciation. Therefore, the Group will continue to implement such development strategy, supplemented by hotel operations and property investment so as to diversify the operational risk.
Meanwhile, the Group will actively explore the feasibility of further developing tourism property. In addition, the Group will adopt a strategy of active yet prudent expansion. While 
continuing to strengthen its business in regions with existing projects, the Group has been investigating the conditions of different markets to identify new opportunities. With its ample land bank, the Group is well poised to acquire quality land at reasonable prices and appropriate time, thus further promoting the brand name of Agile.
In 2012, the Group intends to launch 11 new projects within or outside Guangdong Province, including Panyu Southern District Project, Agile Garden Shenyang and Guangzhou Science City Project. In addition, new phases will also be launched for existing projects. The introduction of new projects, new products and new phases will lay a solid foundation for the development of the Group.
At the same time, the Group will adhere to and implement a prudent fi nancial strategy to maintain a sound fi nancial position and cash fl ows, with a view to improving its competitiveness in the challenging market environment and capturing market opportunities that arise in a timely manner.
In respect of operations management, the Group will continue to broaden sources of income and reduce unnecessary expenditure, as well as to further improve the core competitiveness of each segment and optimise the management model to address the ever-changing market conditions.
The Group will step up its internal monitoring system by rigorously implementing the dynamic cost control system, and achieve highly effi cient operation of a chain of core businesses by applying the fast-developing information technology.
By doing so, the Group aims to achieve inter-departmental synergy, increase management and operational effi ciency and provide the management with more effi cient and extensive support in decision making.
The Group is committed to maintaining the leading position in China s property industry and achieving a balanced, sustainable and steady growth, in order to maximise values and generate greatest returns for Shareholders, customers and 
each stakeholder. While maintaining a healthy and sustainable development, the Group will also continue its promise of undertaking corporate social responsibilities and contributing to society by taking part in charity affairs.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to the full trust and enormous support of our Shareholders, customers and partners, as well as the unremitting dedicated efforts of all our staff members, which enabled Agile to achieve steady growth.
CHEN Zhuo Lin 
Hong Kong, 8 March 2012 
