Chairman s Statement 
Upholding the philosophy of prudent development, the Group will continue to maintain its inherent strength, enhance its 
and refine its business and 
CHEN Zhuo Lin Chairman and President 
I am pleased to report the audited consolidated results of Agile Property Holdings Limited ( Agile or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2015 as follows: Results and dividends During the year, the revenue and gross profit of the Group were RMB43,004 million and RMB10,813 million respectively. Net profit amounted to RMB2,302 million. Overall gross profit margin and net profit margin were 25.1% and 5.4% respectively.
During the year, the Group s total recognised sales of property development was RMB41,421 million, representing an increase of 11.8% when compared with last year. Revenue from property management, hotel operations and property investment also increased by 19.0%, 27.8% and 36.9% respectively when compared with last year.
Taking into account the Group s business development needs and shareholders investment returns, the board of directors of the Company (the Board ) has proposed the declaration of a final dividend of HK14.5 cents per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2015. To celebrate the 10th anniversary of the listing of the Company on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and to appreciate the long-term support of the shareholders, the Board has also proposed the declaration and payment of a special dividend of HK25.0 cents per ordinary share.

During the year, the global economy saw a slowdown. In China, the overall economy achieved stable development. Driven by a number of favourable policies, the sentiment in the property market has improved. During the year, the Group capitalised on market opportunities by launching projects in a timely manner at reasonable prices, and dedicated its efforts to inventory clearance with its flexible marketing strategy. During the year, the Group s pre-sales was RMB44,230 million, which is flat compared with last year. The GFA pre-sold was 5.07 million sq.m., with the average selling price being RMB8,725 per sq.m..

The Group believes that timely introduction of products tailored to market demand is particularly important to ensure stable growth of the property development business. In light of the strong end-users and upgraders demand, the Group continued to optimise its product mix during the year by focusing on products catering for such demand, supplemented by high-end products tailored to market needs. Meanwhile, as there has been a strong demand for quality tourism property for such purposes including health keeping, retirement and travel, some of the Group s projects will continue to develop products catering for 
In respect of other businesses, with more properties delivered and continuous business expansion during the year, the Group s revenue from property management increased by 19.0%.
Revenue from hotel operations also recorded an increase of 27.8% over last year. The Group had 8 hotels in operation, which generated stable revenue for the Group while enhancing the value of the projects where these hotels are located. In respect of the property investment business, Guangzhou Agile Center and Agile International Plaza Shanghai recorded the occupancy rate of 84% and 85% respectively.
Prudent land acquisition strategy Given its sufficient land bank, the Group slowed down the pace of land acquisition during the year. The Group increased its land bank by only acquiring a total planned GFA of 211,456 sq.m.
in Changsha and Guangzhou, with average land cost being RMB7,269 per sq.m.. As at 23 March 2016, the Group has a land bank with a total planned GFA of 34.87 million sq.m. in 41 cities and districts, with average land cost being RMB1,117 per sq.m., which offers a certain competitive edge to the Group s property 
Sound financial strategy and enhanced cash flow 
Sound financial position has been the pillar supporting the Group s business development. During the year, the Group made efforts to accelerate the sales turnover and enhance cash management. In addition, the Group has consolidated and optimised its financial structure by capitalising on multi-channel financing and thereby, successfully reducing its debts and gearing ratio, with a view to striking a balance between business development and financial management.

During the year, the Group made efforts to enhance its cash flow management, and adopted flexible sales strategies and diversified payment terms in order to accelerate the sales turnover. Meanwhile, the overall cash collection of the Group recorded an improvement. In addition, the Group further optimised its cost and expenditure control system, controlling the costs and expenses effectively.
As at 31 December 2015, the net debt to total equity ratio of the Group was 64.0%, representing the decrease of 11.2 percentage points when compared with 31 December 2014.
Good corporate governance and multi-channel 
The Group upholds the concept of mutual communication for a win-win situation . Subject to the requirements of the Listing Rules and laws, the Group maintains effective mutual communication and builds long-standing, stable relationships with commercial banks, investment banks, rating agencies, investors and analysts, thereby improving its corporate 
A responsible corporate citizen in pursuit of 
Upholding the belief of benefiting from society, giving back to society , the Group is committed to fulfilling its corporate social responsibilities. During the year, the Group s accumulated volunteer days achieved by over 10,300 participants were equivalent to over 3,400 days, while RMB34 million charitable donations were made. The Group firmly believes that environmental protection is a key part in its sustainable development, and strives to contribute to environmental protection from project planning to completion and sale, as well as property management and hotel operations. Furthermore, the Group actively promotes environmental education and encourages the staff to practise low carbon living.

Prospects and strategy Looking ahead, China s economy is expected to grow steadily in 2016. Recently, the government has introduced a series of policies including lowering the down payment ratio for home buyers and reducing relevant tax on property transactions, which are believed to further improve the sentiment in the property market. In the long run, on the back of China s continuous economic growth, the ongoing urbanisation, the continued increase in people s income and the implementation of the two- child policy, the Group believes that the demand of first time home buyers or upgraders will continue to dominate the market, driving the healthy growth of the property market.
Upholding the philosophy of prudent development, the Group will continue to maintain its inherent strengths, enhance its comprehensive corporate management capability and refine its business and financial management, with a view to further improving its products and service quality, increasing its brand awareness and market influence, as well as enhancing the profitability of each business segment and project. The Group is committed to increasing its competitive edge in other businesses including hotel operations, property investment and property management while ensuring the competitiveness of the property development business in the industry.
With thorough analysis, the Group will further enhance its preliminary product positioning and planning in the early stage, and strategically acquire premium land parcels when opportunity arises. The Group will continue to optimise its product mix by focusing on products catering for end-users and upgraders demand, supplemented by tourism property and high-end products tailored to market demand.
In respect of sales, while maintaining reasonable profitability, the Group will adopt flexible sales strategies to improve its sell- through rate and actively clear inventory, in order to accelerate its asset turnover and enhance the cash flows.

Meanwhile, the Group will continue to control costs effectively through product standardisation. While further improving product quality, the Group will shorten the development cycle by strict construction management, with a view to ensuring adequate resources for sale and accelerating the recovery of 
The Group will continue to enhance its internal management and implement the optimisation of human resources and remuneration system, further improve the structure of corporate management and streamline its workflows in order to enhance overall execution capability and competitiveness.
The Group is confident that, with the above measures and the efforts of all staff, it will be able to drive its overall business growth steadily and further increase the brand awareness of Agile across the nation and maintain its position in the competitive market. Meanwhile, the Group will also continue its promise of undertaking corporate social responsibilities and contributing to society by taking part in charity affairs.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to the enormous support from our shareholders and customers, as well as the dedicated efforts of all our staff members, which enable Agile to grow.
CHEN Zhuo Lin Chairman and President Hong Kong, 23 March 2016 
