Chairman s Statement 
Leveraging over 20 years of experience in property development, flexible and effective marketing strategies, a Product Research Centre that meets international standards, a strong commitment to quality and talents from various fields, the Group develops high quality and better value for money products that meet international standards to cater demand from high-end and 
CHEN Zhuo Lin 
I am pleased to report the audited consolidated results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2012: Results and dividends During the year, the revenue of the Group was RMB30,074 million, representing an increase of 31.1% when compared with last year. Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to RMB5,000 million, representing an increase of 21.8% when compared with last year. Basic earnings per share was RMB1.450, representing an increase of 22.5% when compared with last year.
Taking into account the Group s business development needs and Shareholders demand for investment returns, the Board has proposed a final dividend of HK23.9 cents per share for 2012 to be paid to the Shareholders. Together with the interim dividend of HK14.5 cents paid for 2012, the total dividend of 2012 was HK38.4 cents per share, representing an increase of 12.3% when compared with 
During the year, the growth of global economy continued to slowdown and casted a shadow on its future prospect. In China, the Central Government s tightening measures on the housing market, including home purchase restrictions, price ceiling for newly built homes and mortgage loan restrictions, continued to make operating conditions volatile. Nevertheless, capitalising on its strengths, accurate market positioning and development strategy, the Group has actively coped with the change of market conditions, while broadening sources of income and reducing unnecessary expenditure, and achieved favourable results.
During the year, the Group recorded contracted sales of RMB33,068 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 5.0%. The contracted GFA sold was 3.24 million sq.m., which is comparable to last year. The contracted average selling price was RMB10,207 per sq.m.. With the joint efforts by all our staff, the Group has achieved annual contracted sales of over RMB30,000 million for three 
The Group had 50 projects on sale which were located in 19 cities and districts, among which 9 were new projects in Nanjing, Xi an, Shenyang, Guangzhou and Zhongshan.
The Group s outstanding comprehensive strength and good corporate governance were reaffirmed by receiving of several honours, including Corporate Governance Asia Annual Recognition Award , Best Investor Relations (China) and Best Investor Relations Website Promotion from Corporate Governance Asia magazine, as well as The Asset Corporate Gold Award presented by The Asset magazine and etc..

Premium property management brand Upholding a customer-oriented servicing philosophy, the Group is committed to providing residents with a safe and comfortable living environment or tenants with an efficient business environment. During the year, the Group s property management has received several international integrated accreditations presented by The British Standards Institution, with 6 projects fulfilled the requirements of ISO9001 Quality Management System, ISO14001 Environmental Management System and OHSAS18001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System. The Group s premium property management quality received awards and recognitions from national, provincial and municipal governmental departments during the year, such as National Model Residential Community of Property Management issued by the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development of the People s Republic of China. During the year, Harrogate , the property management brand of the Group, which represents classic British property management services, extended its services to high- end residential and commercial projects such as Agile Mountain Guangzhou and Agile International Plaza 
Benefit from a diversified business portfolio to disperse operational risks The Group believes that a diversified commercial property portfolio, including hotels, shopping malls and office buildings can disperse operational risks and generate steady revenue. Furthermore, benefiting from the synergy arising from the hotels and commercial properties located within the Group s property development projects, the value of these projects has also been enhanced.

During the year, 5 hotels of the Group located in Shanghai, Guangzhou, Zhongshan, Foshan and Nanlang, including Shanghai Marriott Hotel City Centre, were in operations.
Raffles Sanya Clearwater Bay had its soft opening in early 2013, while Sheraton Egret Lake Resort Huizhou is expected to commence operations during the second half of 2013. More than 10 hotels are under construction or planning. During the year, revenue from hotel business significantly surged 1.5 times compared to last year.
Commercial properties including Agile International Plaza Shanghai and Xiqiao Metropolis Plaza recorded satisfactory occupancy rates, with other 3 major projects either under construction or being offered for leasing, among them include shopping centres and an office building. During the year, revenue from commercial properties grew 41.1% compared to last year.
Timely purchase of land parcels for 
During the year, the Group acquired land parcels in Huizhou, Chongqing, Xi an, Zhengzhou, Hainan Province and Yunnan Province, with a total planned GFA of 6.13 million sq.m.. The land parcels in Zhengzhou and Yunnan Province are situated in the newly explored markets of the 
As at 25 March 2013, the Group had a land bank with a total GFA of 34.92 million sq.m. in 29 cities and districts in China. Average land cost was RMB1,148 per sq.m.. Newly commenced GFA and completed GFA of the Group during the year were 3.58 million sq.m. and 3.96 million 
Stable financial position and flexible 
The Group adopted various financing channels for the purpose of strengthening and optimising its financial structure. The Group believes that a sound financial position and good corporate governance would help strengthen the market confidence in the Group and reduce borrowing costs. In addition to bank loans and US$700 million (equivalent to RMB4,407 million) 9.875% senior notes due 2017 issued during the year, the Company successfully issued US$700 million (equivalent to RMB4,393 million) 8.25% Subordinated Perpetual Capital Securities in January 2013. Both the securities and the senior notes issuance previously received overwhelming oversubscription, signaling a high degree of capital market confidence in the prospect of the Group.
The two international rating agencies, Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor s Ratings Services, maintained their credit ratings on the Group and its bonds at Ba2 and BB respectively (both with a Stable outlook), one of the best in the industry, fully reflecting the sound financial position and promising outlook of the 
As at 31 December 2012, the total cash and bank balances of the Group were RMB9,689 million and committed but undrawn borrowing facilities were RMB1,484 million.
Good corporate governance and 
The Group upholds the concept of mutual communication for a win-win situation to retain good investor relations, and has also taken a proactive approach to promote effective communication and building long-standing, stable relationships with commercial banks, investment banks, investors and analysts, thereby expanding its financing channels, reducing financing costs and optimising its financial structure.

A responsible corporate citizen Upholding the belief of benefiting from society, giving back to society , the Group has been committed to fulfilling their corporate social responsibilities. During the year, the Group took an active part in various charitable activities in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau, including donations to the Charitable Society of Meizhou, Guangdong and Chinese Language and Culture Education Foundation of China, and supporting 30-Hour Famine of World Vision in Hong Kong and Macau as the principal sponsor for the third consecutive year.
The Group s efforts in respect of corporate social responsibility have been recognised and affirmed. During the year, the Group received the China Charity Awards from the Ministry of Civil Affairs of the People s Republic of China for the third time and was ranked sixth in 2012 Forbes China Philanthropy List . The Group has been granted the logo of Caring Company by The Hong Kong Council of Social Service for the fifth consecutive year and honoured with Corporate Social Responsibility Award presented by Capital and Capital Weekly for the second 
The Group has realised that environmental protection is a key part in its sustainable development, and strives to contribute to environmental protection through project planning to completion and sale, as well as property management and hotel operations. Furthermore, the Group actively promotes environmental education and encourages the staff to practise low carbon living.

Prospects and strategies The global financial and economic conditions are likely to remain the same throughout 2013. The Central Government is expected to maintain its tightening measures on the property market. However, it is anticipated that China can maintain a high single-digit economic growth, and the Group is cautiously optimistic about the property market in 2013 as the inelastic demand and home improvement demand in the market continue to increase. As China s economy continues to grow and implementation of urbanisation policies continues to take place, the housing demand is likely to maintain its uptrend.
Therefore, the Group remains optimistic towards the long- term development of the property market.
With a sound financial position, the Group will strategically acquire land parcels for future development needs. Leveraging over 20 years of experience in property development, flexible and effective marketing strategies, a Product Research Centre that meets international standards, a strong commitment to quality and talents from various fields, the Group develops high quality and better value for money products that meet international standards to cater demand from high-end and mid-range customers. By upholding our spirit of From Heart.
Beyond Living. , complemented with reasonable pricing corresponding to local markets, attentive property management services, comprehensive after-sales services and good reputation from the owners, we are confident that our products, whether designed for customers looking for home improvements, meeting inelastic demand or seeking vacation-style properties, will be well received.
The Group has accumulated extensive experience in developing composite properties in city outskirts or cities with high growth potential, and these land parcels possessed impressive development potential and plenty of 
room for appreciation. Therefore, the Group will continue to implement such development strategy, supplemented by the operations of hotels, shopping malls and office buildings so as to diversify the operational risk. Meanwhile, the Group will actively explore the feasibility of further developing tourism property, and is confident in achieving further heights with extensive experiences and a proven track record in this sector.
In 2013, the Group intends to launch 13 new projects across the nation, including Agile Metropolis Xiqiao, Agile Manhattan Hill Foshan, Majestic Garden Sanshui, Nanjing Pukou District Project, The Classics Nanjing, Changzhou Longcheng Avenue Project, etc.. In addition, new phases will also be launched by existing projects, bringing the number of projects on sale to 62 for the year. New projects, products and phases will provide sufficient products available for sale and further increase the nationwide influence of the Agile brand. In 2013, the Group s contracted sales target is RMB42,000 million.
In respect of operations management, the Group will continue to broaden sources of income and reduce unnecessary expenditure, further improve the core competitiveness of each segment, as well as enhance the internal monitoring system and raise the internal management standard by rigorously implementing the proactive cost control system. The Group will also apply advanced information technology to optimise its 
Looking ahead, the Group is committed to maintaining its competitive position in China s property industry, in order to maximise values for its shareholders. While maintaining healthy and sustainable development, the Group will also continue its promise of undertaking corporate social responsibilities and contributing to society by taking part in charity affairs.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to the enormous support of our Shareholders and customers, as well as the dedicated efforts of all our staff members, which enables Agile to achieve steady growth and satisfactory results.
CHEN Zhuo Lin 
Hong Kong, 25 March 2013 
