Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors and the management of China Yongda Automobiles Services Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to present the 2012 annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group , we , or us ).
2012 is a signifi cant year for us. After 20 years of efforts and leveraging on the rapid growth of the automobile industry in China, the Group is recognized by the capital market through the successful listing of its shares on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Hong Kong Stock Exchange ) on July 12, 2012, with its strong foundation laid in the automobile services industry, high brand awareness and splendid corporate management. The long-term development and the management of the Group will surely be enhanced following the listing. We look forward to sharing the harvests of the Company s future growth with our shareholders.
2012 is a challenging year for the automobile industry in China. The combination of slowdown in macroeconomic growth and industrial adjustment resulted in a keen competition in pricing. Facing the signifi cant market adjustment, we demonstrated an excellent capability to accommodate the complex market. As of December 31, 2012, the Group recorded a revenue of Renminbi ( RMB ) 21,712 million, representing a growth of 6.9% as compared with 2011; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) of RMB1,108 
million, representing a growth of 5.9% as compared with 2011; and earnings per share of RMB34 cents. In addition, the Company became a component of China enterprise of Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) Index starting from November 30, 2012.
Expanding the network at our own pace The Group is a leading passenger vehicle retailer and comprehensive service provider in China focused on luxury and ultra-luxury brands. Despite the uncertainty arising from the overall adjustment in automobile industry in China in 2012, we persist to develop as a service brand for luxury and ultra-luxury brands. In 2012, we successfully obtained authorizations to open over 20 new outlets, including luxury and ultra-luxury brands such as Porsche, BMW, Audi, Jaguar, Land Rover and Bentley, realizing an orderly expansion of our service network. We believe that these new outlets will bring us with a bright investment return in future.
Achieving good sales despite challenges In 2012, the price battle of automobile industry in China is ferocious. Despite the market trend of diffi culties in sales and downward profi tability, we coped with the challenges. On one hand, our good reputation in the market and outstanding team have boosted our marketing capability; on the other hand, we ensured our targets are met by having closer communications and liaison with automobile manufacturers and optimization of our product structure. In 2012, the Group has realized an increase of 8,654 units (i.e.14.1%) to 69,883 units in passenger vehicle sales, among which, the sales of luxury and ultra-luxury passenger vehicles was 34,039 units, representing an increase of 4,918 units (i.e.16.9%) as compared with 2011. During the planning and implementation of sales strategy, the Group adhered to the target of maximizing sales profi ts, and adequately controlled the sales volume in individual model of each enterprise. As a result, we managed to maintain a higher operational effi ciency.
Leveraging on our edge in after-sales services As a leading passenger vehicle service provider with a long history, we have built up a strong customer base with long-term relationship. Our commitment to after-sales services and quality services has made us a leading after- sales service provider in the industry. In the past year, with the enhanced management in after-sales services and the introduction of new services, in particular strengthening our automobile decoration products and automobile care services, our gross profi t margin for after-sales services was increased effectively. In 2012, our results in after-sales services are encouraging: our gross profi t margin in after-sales services reached 44.5%, representing a rise of 6.3 percentage point from 38.2% in 2011; total revenue in after-sales services reached RMB2,048.6 million in 2012, which is 35.1% higher than that in 2011.
Striving for excellence and optimizing our management We emphasize on standardized, procedural and systematic management, which has been well recognized in the industry. Our successful listing has further fostered our operation and management. We will continue to adhere to our philosophy of customer-oriented management, and strive for perfection and excellence, as well as optimization of our corporate management. In addition, our achievements also included proactive expansion in business channels, enhancement of our management of gross profi t margin, implementation of stricter cost- control measures, strengthened accountability of general managers, emphasis on procedural management and controls, improvement in customers satisfaction and management of operational risks. The capital market has brought along a new momentum to the development of the Group.

Confi dent in the future We believe the sales services industry in luxury and ultra-luxury passenger vehicles will remain in a relatively long period of rapid development in the future, and the adjustment we faced in 2012 is only a necessary stage in the course of such development. In this regard, we will continue to pursue high-end brand development and, at the same time, accelerate our network expansion. We are confi dent that our results in 2013 will be a fruitful one. For network building expansion, apart from focusing on the Eastern China region, we will start expanding to key cities in Central, Western, Southern and Northern China in an orderly manner. At the same time as we continue with our strategy of self-building, we will also undergo acquisition and merger when appropriate. Meanwhile, the Group will enhance the sustainable profi tability of the Company by strengthening the development in automobile fi nancing, automobile rental service and pre-owned vehicle businesses.
We understand that talent is the most valuable asset for our rapid growth in the long run. As such, we have carried out a comprehensive strategic plan throughout the Group to groom our talents. We believe this will be a core competitive edge for our long-term development.
In 2012, we have overcome numerous obstacles and challenges and achieved satisfactory results. Credits should go to the concerted effort of our staff and the tremendous support from shareholders. I, on behalf of the Board of the Company, would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude and appreciation. Looking ahead, we will continue to seize the opportunity of rapid growth in China with our endeavors and scientifi c management, so as to create a prosperous future for the Company.
CHEUNG Tak On 
March 28, 2013 
