Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) and the management of China Yongda Automobiles Services Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to present the 2014 Annual Report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group , we , or us ).
I. MARKET ANALYSIS In 2014, China s automobile market continued to maintain a steady growth. According to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, China s automobile sales volume was approximately 23,491,900 units for 2014, representing an increase of approximately 6.9% as compared with that of 2013, ranking the top of global automobile sales volume for the six consecutive years. In 2014, the sales volume for luxury and ultra-luxury brand passenger vehicles in China has continued its fast growth with an increase of 23.2% as compared to that of 2013. Given the rate of vehicle ownership per 1,000 people calculated based on the statistic data from the Traffic Management Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security and combined with the actual conditions of China s development, we believe that China s automobile sales volume still has high growth potential in the future.
According to the data from the Traffic Management Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security, the vehicle ownership in China reached 154 million units by the end of 2014, and with continuous rise in passenger vehicle ownership and the aging of vehicles in China, there is huge space for the after-sales service market.
According to the forecast of Roland Berger, the revenue of after-sales service market of luxury and ultra- luxury brand passenger vehicles in China will reach approximately RMB343 billion by the year of 2018, with a compound annual growth rate ( CAGR ) of approximately 22%.

In addition, although China achieved significant growth in pre-owned vehicles transaction, automobile finance and automobile rental businesses in 2014, there is still huge potential for development as compared with the developed markets dominated by the United States.
On the basis of the foregoing, the Group believes that the passenger vehicle market in China is favorable.
It is crucial for us to seize the market opportunities while following the development of times, and steadily promote the rapid growth for our businesses.
II. ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY IN 2014 1. Faster Growth of New Vehicle Sales In 2014, we seized every market opportunity, under complicated market environment and recorded the sales of new vehicle of 103,602 units, representing an increase of 26.5% compared to 2013, among which the sales of luxury and ultra-luxury passenger vehicles was 60,237 units, representing an increase of 42.3% as compared to 2013.
2. Rapid Development of After-sales Services Business In 2014, the revenue from our after-sales services, mainly including repair and maintenance services and automobile extension products and services, reached RMB3.537 billion, representing an increase of 36.9% compared to 2013, among which the revenue from after-sales services for luxury and ultra- luxury brands reached RMB2.727 billion, representing an increase of 50.7% compared to 2013.

3. Rapid Development of Automobile Finance Business In 2014, our finance leasing business achieved additional interest-generating assets of RMB1.463 billion of which RMB1.198 billion was attributable to the second half of the year, representing an increase of 352% as compared to the first half of the year. In 2014, our finance leasing business contributed a net profit of RMB23.25 million, accounting for 4.31% of the combined net profit for the Group.
In 2014, we further strengthened the all-round cooperation with financial institutions such as banks and insurance companies, continuously improved our product structure, enhanced our service efficiency and strengthened the performance appraisal in respect of financial permeability, which contributed to the rapid development of the related finance businesses.
4. New Progress of the Pre-owned Vehicle Business In 2014, we endeavored to promote the development of the pre-owned vehicle business. We established a new e-commerce platform through setting up a joint venture with BitAutocom and Youxinpai. Meanwhile, we launched the Yongda authentication quality standard system for pre-owned vehicles, and strengthened the construction of the offline outlets of pro-owned vehicles under Yongda brand. We strived to build a new pattern for Yongda pre-owned vehicle business featured by brand chain operation and new layout for online and offline integration.
5. Strengthening the Construction of E-commerce Platform In 2014, we paid high attention on the construction of e-commerce platform, with a view to build an e-commerce platform of Yongda Automobiles World (u;m). For this reason, we strived to build a digital marketing platform, after-sales e-commerce platform, pre-owned vehicle e-commerce platform and customer relationship management system. We believe that the Internet will promote the development of our industry and improve the quality of our customer services.
6. Continuous Expansion of Our Network In 2014, we opened 18 new passenger vehicle sales and services outlets focusing on luxury and ultra- luxury brands, and set up four Auto Repair (fO) brand luxury automobile maintenance and repair centers which are not required to obtain authorization from the vehicle manufactures. Meanwhile, we continued to implement the low-cost mergers and acquisitions strategy of our Group, and successfully acquired ten 4S dealerships and city showroom for luxury brands. As of the end of 2014, we have opened 155 outlets, which together with the outlets we have been authorized to open totaled 192 outlets, which are located across 3 municipalities and 50 cities in 17 provinces in China.
7. Continuous Improvement of Management Level In 2014, we devoted great effort to various aspects such as standardization of business processes, division management, team building, performance appraisal in respect of remuneration and capital management, with a view to continuously improving our management level and enhancing our operating efficiency. We are deeply honored that our franchised outlets under the brands of BMW, Porsche, JaguarLand Rover, Buick and Shanghai-Volkswagen were granted various awards by the manufacturers for their excellent operating results.

III. OUTLOOK FOR 2015 1. Comprehensively Promoting the Development of Each Business We believe that China as the world s largest vehicle market has promising market prospect for passenger vehicles, especially for the luxury and ultra-luxury passenger vehicles. As such, we will scientifically promote our network construction and simultaneously implement strategy of low costs acquisition and merger, so as to increase the coverage of our service network in China. Moreover, we will actively develop automobile after-market services to continue to expand our after-sales services and improve our profitability, striving for significant breakthroughs in various areas such as automobile finance, automobile rental, pre-owned vehicles and automobile products to promote a healthy and sustainable development for the Group.
2. Strengthening the Construction of E-commerce Platform We are in an era of rapid development of the Internet which will significantly change the way we live, and we need to hold positive attitude towards this and actively capture any market opportunity.
Therefore, we plan to continue to strengthen our studies and research on the construction of the Internet e-commerce platform in 2015, with a view to create a distinctive e-commerce platform areas such as sales, after sales, finance and pre-owned vehicles and welcome the arrival of the era of intelligent vehicles in a pro-active manner.
3. Progressing with the Times, Granting Reasonable Authorization and Improving Efficiency In 2015, we will keep pace with the times to enhance the Board s strategic decision-making capacity of the Company by taking the opportunity of further improving the corporate governance structure, and further divide and demarcate the respective functions of each level of management teams within the Group, grant reasonable authorization to cultivate our teams and intensify the performance appraisal, so as to motivate the ambitious and aggressive potential of the young teams and open up a new chapter for our business. We strongly believe that talents are the core competitiveness of the Company, and the enhancement of human resources management is the most important strategy of the Group.
We will continue to devote more effort in three aspects, namely, talent introduction, talent training and performance appraisal. We plan to actively prepare for a corporate university to promote our training capacity of internal talents and promote the vigorous development of Yongda.
In 2014, despite the challenging market conditions, the Group achieved satisfactory results with joint efforts of all our staff. In this regards, I, on behalf of the Board, would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude. We are full of confidence that the luxury and ultra-luxury automobile market in China has a wide and bright prospect in the future, and we are willing to accept the coming 
CHEUNG Tak On 
March 23, 2015 
