Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors and the management of China Yongda Automobiles Services Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to present the 2013 annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group , we , or us ).
China s automobile market has grown faster in 2013 in terms of sales volume as compared to 2012. According to China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, China s automobile sales volume was approximately 21,984,100 units for 2013, an approximate 13.9% increase compared to 2012, which has made China the fi rst country in the world to achieve an annual automobile sales volume of over 20,000,000 units and the country with the top annual automobile sales volume worldwide for fi ve consecutive years. Sales volume of passenger vehicles in China for 2013 was approximately 17,928,900 units, representing an approximate 15.7% increase compared to 2012.
Benefi ting from better market sentiment, we have seized the opportunities with great efforts and have achieved satisfactory results in various aspects of management and operation.
ACHIEVING SIGNIFICANT GROWTH IN OPERATING RESULTS As a leading passenger vehicle retailer and comprehensive service provider in China, our revenue and gross profi t for 2013 were RMB26,097 million and RMB2,267 million, respectively, representing an increase of 20.2% and 28.0%, respectively, compared to 2012. Our consolidated gross profi t margin has increased to 8.7% in 2013 from 8.2% in 2012. Our net profi t and net profi t attributable to owners of the Company for 2013 were RMB642 million and RMB588 million, respectively, representing an increase of 24.6% and 25.2%, respectively, compared to 2012.

Despite the challenging market environment, our sales volume of passenger vehicles reached 81,882 units in 2013, representing a 17.2% increase compared to 2012, among which the sales volume of luxury and ultra- luxury brand passenger vehicles reached 42,324 units in 2013, representing a 24.3% increase compared to 2012. In 2013, the sales revenue of passenger vehicles was RMB23,243 million, representing a 19.6% increase compared to 2012, among which the sales revenue of luxury and ultra-luxury brand passenger vehicles amounted to RMB18,392 million, representing a 22.5% increase compared to 2012.
In 2013, our after-sales services business recorded outstanding results, it was mainly attributable to the revenue from repair and maintenance services and automobile extended products and services of RMB2,587 million, representing a 26.3% increase compared to 2012, among which, revenue from after-sales services for luxury and ultra-luxury brands reached RMB1,809 million, an approximately 35.3% increase compared to 2012. Gross profi t margin of our after-sales services business has continued its growth to 46.8% in 2013, representing an increase of 2.3 percentage points compared to 2012.
ACTIVELY EXPANDING OUR NETWORK During 2013, we have continued to build our strong and long-term strategic relationships with leading manufacturers of luxury and ultra-luxury passenger vehicles. We continued to focus on luxury and ultra-luxury brands, including BMW, MINI, Audi, Porsche, Jaguar, Land Rover, Bentley, Cadillac, Volvo and Infi niti and in 2013, we obtained an authorization from Lincoln, an American luxury brand, a luxury custom-modifi ed vehicle brand and Morgan, a British vintage brand for luxury racing cars. In addition, we have selectively expanded the sales network of mid- to high-end brands, mainly including Buick, Volkswagen and Ford. What is also worth mentioning is that, in 2013, we entered into a strategic cooperation framework agreement with Audi, making us one of its fi rst fi ve strategic dealerships in China. Meanwhile, we entered into a strategic cooperation intention agreement with Volvo in 2013 and became Volvo s strategic partner in China.
In 2013, including our fi rst luxury automobile maintenance and repair center under the Auto Repair (fO) brand, we have established and commenced the operation of 19 new passenger vehicle sales and service outlets mainly for luxury and ultraluxury brands, including BMW, Audi, Jaguar, Land Rover. Moreover, we obtained new authorization to open 24 new outlets from a number of brands, including BMW, Audi, Jaguar, Land Rover.
In 2013, we actively implemented the mergers and acquisitions strategy, and successfully acquired four BMW 4S dealerships, one Audi 4S dealership, one Volvo 4S dealership, one Buick 4S dealership and one BMW authorized service center, at relatively low costs. Furthermore, we also acquired 49% of equity interests in each of the two JaguarLand Rover 4S dealerships. Our team exhibited outstanding performance during the course of merger and acquisition. Following the merger and acquisition, our smooth integration work facilitates us to realize sustainable rapid growth in the future.

ENHANCING OUR MANAGEMENT CAPABILITY We adhered to our team management strategy and put continuous efforts in optimizing our standardized management processes and enhancing our level of management. We have defi ned and streamlined our future development strategy and formulated the Group s business plan for the next ten years (2013-2022). We have started instilling the business plan and its importance to the management and further promoted consistency of thoughts and actions amongst the workforce. We have strengthened the resources sharing and synergies among same-brand sales and outlet services through our brand enhancement department. We continued to the target management of gross profi t margin and inventory turnover days, and to enhance the management of expense and budgeting to enhance profi tability. We continued to enhance our information technology system as well as the transparency of our internal management. We also conducted intelligent management analysis so as to management and control capability as well as the objectivity of our decision making. We continued the engagement of third-party consulting fi rm to identify areas of our business processes which require improvement and pursue the enhancement. We have continued to build our corporate brand Yongda in order to enhance its market infl uence and reputation. Our enhanced management capability enabled our effective operation. It was also highly recognized by the society and the manufacturers of passenger vehicles. We have received a number of awards from the manufacturers of passenger vehicles for our dealerships of BMW, Audi, JaguarLand Rover, Infi niti, Cadillac, FAW-Volkswagen, Buick. Besides, in 2013, we were awarded the 2012 Shanghai Top Ten Brands title. We are the only company in the automobile sales and services industry in Shanghai that won this 
EXPLORING BUSINESS INNOVATION Along with the rapid expansion of consumption of passenger vehicles in the China s market, automobile after- market services has accumulated enormous business opportunities. In this regard, we actively explored innovation and promoted timely development of new businesses, seeking breakthroughs in various areas such as automobile fi nance leasing and chained repair services for luxury vehicles.
In 2013, we obtained the approval from the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC and established Shanghai Yongda Finance Leasing Company Limited ( Nwm8lTy gPlQS). This laid a milestone of our efforts in providing fi nancing products and services to our customers. In 2013, through business integration and consolidation within a relatively short period, our fi nance leasing business has achieved extensive development in Shanghai region and initially established reputation in the industry. Through training and guidance conducted at outlets, promotion of standardized products, strict risk control and the building of professional teams, we were able to better meet our customers needs and achieved relatively fast business development. The penetration ratio resulting from the synergies of the automobile sales industry and fi nancial industry in the form of automobile fi nance leasing is over 40% in mature markets such as Europe and America. In China, automobile fi nance leasing is at its preliminary stage and has great potential for future development and achieves profi tability. Automobile fi nance leasing covers a comprehensive industry chain of passenger vehicle sales services. We expect to gain revenue and increase profi t from the automobile fi nance leasing business in the areas of new passenger vehicles sales and interest earnings.
We also expect revenue gain and profi ts from the automobile fi nance leasing business in the areas of maintenance and repair services, automobile extended products and services, insurance and pre-owned vehicle businesses.
In 2013, we leveraged our strong automobile sales and service brand Yongda to develop our own brand Auto Repair (fO) , which aimed at providing automobile maintenance and repair services chain for luxury automobile. We created a unifi ed standard for our brand image and established a unifi ed business fl ow, which formed a readily replicable chained development model. We will consider Eastern China, more matured market for luxury vehicles, as the fi rst market for such chain development. As at December 2013, our fi rst Auto Repair (f O) luxury automobile maintenance and repair centre has been successfully launched in Shanghai.
HIGH ATTENTION TO HUMAN RESOURCES We understand and realize that talents are the core competitiveness for the Company, whereas a company may have no promising future without a competent management team. To this end, we engage a famous human resources management and consulting fi rm Towers Watson Consultancy to assist us in organizing our historical human resource management practices and planning our new human resource management system in order to upgrade our work in human resource management to a new standard.
To adapt the needs for our fast-growing network, we will enhance our efforts on internal selection and external recruitment and train a group of talented teams for the general managers of 4S dealership stores and other relevant management positions. To coordinate with our internal selection and external recruitment, we have formulated strict workfl ows and organize strong and effective executive division to ensure such selection and recruitment to be promoted in high effi ciency for long term. Meanwhile, looking forward, we will actively recruit suitable and competent staff through university graduate recruitment program in order to build up a talent reserve for the future development of our Company.

Training is crucial to the future development of our Company. Therefore, we have been putting in efforts in shaping the Company as a learning-based organization. We also sent our competent core management personnel to top- rated business schools in China for exchange and learning. We will set the annual budget for various projects in order to satisfy the training needs of our staff. We strongly believe that our staff is the best investment of the 
We are concerned about the performance appraisal of our staff so that we have established a comprehensive performance appraisal system. We focus on innovation and reforms so as to make our performance appraisal more scientifi c and rational and to maximize the motivation to our staff.
Based on the optimistic expectation of China s long-term economy and the prevailing low average ownership rate of luxury and ultra luxury passenger vehicles per capita, the Group considered that, China market of luxury and ultra luxury passenger vehicles would maintain its rapid growth for a long term in the future. Therefore, we have formulated the ten-year strategic planning for 2013 2022. We are confi dent in our rapid growth in the future. In the future, we would take advantage of the strong power of fi nance and internet to boost our automobile sales service business. We would also pay close attention to the enormous development potential of new energy vehicles and take the lead to implement the strategic initiatives for new energy vehicles sales and services, so as to make timely strategic adjustments for business opportunities. Along with the increasing market integration, automobile sales service industry will tend to adopt a collective and professional management. We will fully leverage on our strong teams and our readily replicable standardized management model, engage in mergers and acquisitions in a timely manner and seize the possible integration opportunities in the industry, so as to achieve rapid growth of business scale and sustainable enhancement of effi ciency.
In 2013, with the collective efforts of all our staff, we have achieved satisfactory results in various aspects such as operational management, network expansion and exploring innovation. In this regard, I, on behalf of the Board, would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude. Under the promising market prospect for the sales of luxury and ultra luxury automobile in China, we will seize the opportunities and be innovative so as to bringing our development to a new level.
CHEUNG Tak On 
March 24, 2014 
