Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Directors ) (the Board ) of Dali Foods Group Company Limited (the Company or Dali ) and its subsidiaries (the Group , we or our ), I would like to present the Company s first-ever annual report for the year ended December 31, 2015.
We have a record year and 2015 was a historic year for the Group. The Company s ordinary shares were listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange on November 20, 2015 (the Listing ), which allows Dali to gain access to international capital markets as a leading food and beverage company. We are proud of this milestone and our accomplishments thus far, yet realized the significance of the responsibilities and duties we assume. The Group endeavors to demonstrate our dedication and commitment in our work to express our gratitude to the shareholders of the Company (the Shareholders ), consumers, our employees and the community.
The pressure from the complexity of the macroeconomic dynamics and the volatile consumer market interweaves, as a result, deceleration in economic growth and structural adjustment of the Chinese economy has become a new normality.
Rapidly shifting consumer demand and consumption pattern drive the need for structural adjustments of China s food and beverage industry. The Company has been able to react to changing consumer preferences and is committed to developing innovative ideas and enhancing product research and development. Further, the Group continues to increase its investments on food safety and quality control, and continues its efforts in optimizing the Group s production and operational efficiency. Amidst the challenging market environment, these efforts allow the Group to deliver quality, delicious and safe products to its consumers, and to generate profit and return to the Shareholders through its sound and prudent operations.
The Group s operating and financial performance for the year ended December 31, 2015 continued to show high growth rate, our revenue reached RMB16.86 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.2%. Our gross profit was RMB5.82 billion for the year ended December 31, 2015, representing a year-on-year increase of 45.4%. Gross profit margin reached 34.5% for 2015, representing an increase of 7.7 percentage points as compared to 2014. Net profit was RMB2.91 billion for the year ended December 31, 2015, representing a year-on-year increase of 40.2%. Net profit margin reached 17.3% for 2015, representing an increase of 3.4 percentage points as compared to 2014. Among the Group s impressive financial performance, the sales of new products including Hi-Tiger energy drink, Daliyuan croissants, pork floss pies and nut pies maintained rapid growth during the year ended December 31, 2015. It reflects our ability to understand consumer needs and to introduce new products. We have also achieved successes in expanding our coverage in non-traditional trade channels such as modern retail channel, catering channel and specialty channel.
The main factors behind our success in achieving outstanding performance in 2015 is our multi-brand and multi-category structure, our dedication in product innovation and our differentiated strategies on distributions and channel expansions.
We believe these core competitiveness will continue to differentiate our Group from other industry players in the competitive market environment in 2016. Consumer preferences and the competitive environment of the market are constantly evolving, but our core value of Creating Quality with Heart ((u_uRT) , our pragmatic and proactive corporate culture and our dedication in maintaining the highest food safety standard remain the same.

In 2015, a year of competition and challenges, the efforts and support from different parties bring stability to the development of the Group. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my deepest gratitude to all parties who have assisted the Group, in particular, the support and recognition from the Shareholders, the trust placed by consumers, and the support from our suppliers, business partners and financial institutions. My sincere appreciation also goes to our staff members for their commendable dedication and hard work in the past year. We will continue to remind ourselves of our responsibilities and to create new trails with the spirit that time and tide wait for no man to continue to lead the development of China s food and beverage industry.
Lastly, I would like to share with you the corporate vision of the Group: Create quality life, build a brand of the century, establish a large, comprehensive and modern food group, and to become a leader in China s food industry.

February 24, 2016 
