Chairman’s Statement
Dear respectful shareholders,
2016 was a year filled with both opportunities and challenges for Dali and the snack food and beverage industry. Facing the
slowdown of macroeconomic growth and challenges brought by other external factors, we have insisted on implementing
the strategy of “multi-brands and multi-products” (多品牌,多品類) to maintain steady growth in the competitive landscape of
increasing diversification of products in the industry. Our products are mostly in a healthy growth stage achieving relatively
faster growth in the product segments of the food and beverage industry. The market share of Dali’s bread, cakes and
pastries was in top leading position, ranking No. 1 in the market. The market share of energy drinks, represented by “Hi-Tiger”
(樂虎), increased rapidly. Meanwhile, we continued to optimize and upgrade existing products and enhanced the leading
market shares of key products. We actively launched new products and created new brands according to the preference of
consumers and the development trends of the industry, so as to optimize product portfolios and enrich product categories
continuously for further consolidating and strengthening the market leading position of Dali.
On internal management, our sales and management teams were supplemented and enhanced by attracting some external
talents to join us. We also implemented refined management and optimized the management structure. On channel
management, we reinforced the advantages of traditional channels actively, while promoting modern channels steadily. We
also expanded to other non-traditional channels, such as food and beverage, specialty and e-commerce channels. In 2016,
revenue contribution from our key accounts (KA) continued to increase and the upgraded and improved sales network laid
a solid foundation for our future stable development.
Through concerted efforts of the above various measures, for the year ended December 31, 2016, our annual revenue
reached RMB17,842 million, increased by 5.8% year-on-year. With an optimized product mix, gross profit of the Group
reached RMB6,840 million, representing an increase of 17.6% year-on-year, and gross profit margin was 38.3%, increased
by 3.8 percentage points as compared to the previous year. Net profit was RMB3,137 million, increased by 7.7% year-onyear,
and net profit margin remained stable at 17.6%, increased by 0.3 percentage point as compared to the previous year.
Based on the great achievement and rich cash flows of the Company, to increase the return for shareholders, the Board
proposed to distribute a final dividend of HK$0.18 per share for 2016. The total distribution of dividends amounted to
HK$2,464 million and the dividend payout ratio was increased to 70%.
Looking ahead in 2017, on the basis of consolidating and enhancing our existing product portfolios, after a two-years
comprehensive preparation, a new product “Doubendou” (豆 本 豆) pure soy milk was launched strategically, This product
will be marketed in the first half of 2017 as scheduled. Soy milk is a traditional Chinese drink with long-standing history and
has always been the first choice of beverage for Chinese breakfast. However, restricted by technical process and quality
requirements, it is still at a low level of industrialization, and has enormous market potential. We believe the launching of
“Doubendou” pure soy milk will create a new development in the traditional soy milk industry in China, and will inject a new and
strong dynamic force into our corporate development. Meanwhile, we will continue adhering to the strategy of “multi-brands
and multi-products”, upgrade the quality of existing products, expand our channels, improve management structure and pay
active attention to suitable opportunities of merger and acquisition, integration and strategic cooperation.
During the past year, we have achieved appreciable results in various aspects, thanks to endeavor of our teams. On behalf
of the Board, I would like to express our gratitude to the contribution of all parties and the support of all consumers. 2017
is the “Linking year of the 13th Five-year Plan” as well as a critical year of new development for Dali. All staff of Dali will
continue insisting to our core value of “Creating Quality with Heart”, continue leading the development of the snack food and
beverage industry in China, and create considerable returns for all shareholders.
