Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to report that GCL-Poly achieved excellent operating results in 2010. For the financial year ended 31 December 2010, GCL-Poly recorded a revenue of HK$18.47 billion, representing an increase of 274% as compared with HK$4.94 billion for the same period in 2009. Net profit for 2010 was HK$4.02 billion.
The year 2010 marked a period of fast growth in China s economy. It was also a year where GCL-Poly achieved the most rapid business development and remarkable operating results since its establishment. GCL-Poly, China s largest polysilicon producer and the world s leading polysilicon producer, has further strengthened its position to become the largest global wafer producer and the leading global manufacturer of silicon materials. By the end of November 2010, GCL-Poly s annual wafer production capacity reached 3.5 GW one month ahead of schedule.
At the year-end, the Company s annual polysilicon production capacity reached 21,000 MT. Developing in tandem with the photovoltaic industry and society as a whole, GCL-Poly credits its success in 2010 to several factors including: our strategic position as an industry leader; an emphasis on technological innovation; continuous management upgrades; insistence on a people-oriented value concept, and creating harmonious business management environment and order. We hereby present to our shareholders with the year s excellent operating 
2010 was a remarkable year for GCL-Poly. In January, GCL-Poly ranked 42nd in the Top 500 Chinese Merchants in China s Market . In February, the Company was selected as a constituent of the Hang Seng Composite Index. In March, we announced the successful acquisition of 70.19% equity interest in Konca Solar Cell Co. Ltd, a leading solar silicon wafer supplier in China. Konca Solar s track record and expertise in wafer production have laid a solid foundation which enables GCL-Poly to become the world s leading wafer supplier. In July, GCL-Poly was awarded the title of 2010 Best Low-Carbon Business in China ; in the same month, the Company was admitted as a constituent of the Hang Seng Mainland 100 Index. In August, GCL-Poly was named by Fortune as one of the Most Innovative Chinese Companies for 2010 . At November end, GCL-Poly ramped up its wafer production capacity to 3.5 GW. Since the official production launch for Phase I 500 MW Wafer Project of Xuzhou Wafer in January 2010, the Company has managed to become the world s largest wafer producer in just 11 months.
In the second half of 2010, the Company signed several long-term contracts with global leading solar cell and module manufacturers. These included a RMB20.8 billion supply contract with Hareon, and 10 GW and 2.5 GW long-term supply contracts with JA Solar and Solarfun Power, respectively.
The start of 2011 has seen GCL-Poly s development momentum remain strong and encouraging. In January, the Company signed 7.5 GW and 5.2 GW long-term supply contracts with global leading cell and module manufacturers Trina Solar and Canadian Solar, respectively. In February, we signed a 4.4 GW long-term supply contract with China Sunergy, another global leading cell and module manufacturer. To date, GCL-Poly s aggregate long-term wafer supply contracts for the period of 2011 to 2016 have exceeded 50 GW.

New Achievements in the Silicon Materials Business In 2010, GCL-Poly managed to capitalise on opportunities arising from the strong development of the global photovoltaic industry by continuously upgrading its polysilicon business. We also expanded our wafer business in order to take full advantage of the synergy of the integrated businesses. On 6 December 2010, we announced that our wafer production capacity had reached 3.5 GW which was ahead of our original schedule. The polysilicon production capacity also reached 21,000 MT at the end of the year. Throughout the year of 2010, GCL-Poly produced 17,853 MT of polysilicon and 1.4 GW of wafer, with sales of 10,507 MT of polysilicon and 1.4 GW of wafer generating revenues of HK$14.04 billion. We today stand as a highly influential and competitive silicon material manufacturer and supplier in the world.
Elements of Our Success 1. Technological innovation, production capacity enhancement, cost down and quality 
With great emphasis on technological innovation as the core competence in an enterprise s development, GCL-Poly has established the United States Research and Development Centre and the Suzhou Industrial Technology Research Institute to provide leading-edge technical support, enabling the Company to take better advantage of new technologies, materials and techniques. With close cooperation between the United States Research and Development Centre and Jiangsu Zhongneng, the polysilicon business has completed several major technical improvements and continuously minimised the unit energy consumption and unit material consumption in production. By the end of 2010, the production cost of polysilicon was reduced to approximately US$22.5 per kilogram. Even during the process of ramping up the production capacity, we were able to increase the production volume of the ingot slicing equipment and attained progressive results.
The yield rate for wafer production has now reached 95%.
2. Strong execution capabilities in construction and production management The ramping up of the Company s four slicing projects Xuzhou Wafer (_]ExPge), Konca Solar (sO*Y}), Changzhou Wafer (8]ExPge) and Suzhou Wafer (]ExPge) was on average one month ahead of our original schedule. This contributed to additional profits in 2010. The Company achieved its wafer production capacity of 3.5 GW the highest in the world in only 11 months. GCL-Poly furthermore showcased outstanding execution capabilities on project construction and management. For instance, the construction of Changzhou Phase I 300 MW Slicing Project was completed and commenced production in just 48 days through the use of a local idled plant. The Company also overcame the challenges of employees recruitment and training in a short time frame. All the projects commenced production smoothly, and the production yield rate of the plants now exceeds 94%. The miraculous success of GCL-Poly s wafer business in 2010 was attributed to our extensive experience in construction management and team cultivation over the past two 
3. Management Innovation GCL-Poly Silicon Material Management Centre is highly effective in team building with many talents involved in operations and management. Through the establishment of supply chain systems, the management centre has set up centralised procurement so that we are able to lower both production and project costs continuously. The implementation of the product quality management system has led to the product quality upgrade. The in-house production of TCS has decreased the polysilicon raw material cost. The slurry recovery has lowered the wafer production cost. These innovative management approaches, together with the continuous improvements in production methods, have strengthened internally GCL-Poly as well as optimised all of the Company s production units.
4. Adhering to commercial integrity, enhancement of customer service and increase market share steadily Whilst the market price of silicon material is increasing due to the supply shortage, we have foregone the short-term gains and did not increase the wafer price unduly. Hence, we are able to build up customers trust, promote GCL-Poly s acceptance and image, establish order in the industry and stabilise business operating environment. In 2010, the Company continued to adopt its market strategy of embracing our customers and working with strong leaders in the market . Our wafer plants were set up in the vicinity of the factory sites of customers such as Trina Solar, Canadian Solar and Hareon in order to establish close sales cooperation with our customers. We have a mutual understanding to execute strategic co-location strategy with our customers including JA Solar and Goldpoly. GCL-Poly set up and optimised its global customer service network system in 2010 to promote efficiency and quality. We have set up a representative office in Taiwan to improve cooperation, customer service, as well as front-line effects of research and development. Moreover, GCL-Poly has made progressive achievements in exploring the international market. In October 2010, the Company signed a 815 MW long-term supply contract with Indosolar Limited, a leading solar cell manufacturer in India.
Power Business Outperforms Counterparts In 2010, under the adverse market environment of rising coal prices and controlled electricity tariffs, the Company endeavoured to maximise the effectiveness of existing resources by means of centralised management, cost cutting and exploring new avenues of opportunity in order to ensure the sound and stable development of its power and steam businesses. In 2010, the Company achieved sales of 4.71 billion kWh of electricity, with a year-on-year fall of 7.5%, and sales of 7,042,493 MT of steam, with a year-on-year rise of 22.3%.
While ensuring sound and stable growth of the business, the Company also adopted various measures including coal purchasing cost controls, cash pooling, centralised insurance, inland river navigation, bulk purchasing of resources, expansion in heat supplies, and a vigorous push for a steam-price adjustment. All these combined measures have helped to achieve excellent economic indicators in the operations of our power business in 2010, which compared well with the stagnant performance of our industry players.

Outstanding Investment Returns from Overseas Solar Farms GCL solar power investment team was set up in May 2010, with the aim of developing and investing in solar farm projects in the United States, Europe and several key emerging markets. The installed capacity was 6 MW during 2010, with pipeline projects of approximately 2 GW. This has produced excellent project development results. The Company has cooperated successfully with several banks and financial institutions including Wells Fargo, a tax equity fund, for the funding of solar farm projects established in the United States. These funds will be used to finance GCL-Poly s solar farm projects in the United States and laid the foundation for further development.

As an enterprise that has long been engaged in the development of renewable energy, we are well aware of our responsibilities to environmental protection. The Company effectively recycles various by-products of polysilicon production, and we ensure that our manufacturing facilities comply with national standards. All our cogeneration power plants are equipped with desulphurisation facilities, which can significantly reduce the emission of sulphur 
Whilst maximising shareholders value, GCL-Poly performs its social responsibilities by acting as an industry leader to stabilise the market and maintain order in the industry. Meanwhile, the Company has actively served the society by creating jobs, making charitable donations, and taking an active part in public welfare. In 2010, GCL-Poly and its employees made generous donations to drought-ravaged Southwest China and earthquake-affected Yushu. We have taken an active part in education welfare through various channels for the provision of a suitable environment for incubating more talents for the society. In 2010, the Company built the first Sunshine Primary School GCL Sunshine Dengjiao Primary School (TSk}IQ{vNx[). We also made donation to the Nanjing University Education Foundation and donated solar power systems to various schools.
With our commitment to the society, we endeavour to promote harmony. We have extended our sincerity, love and care to rehabilitation centres, orphanages, and schools in mountainous areas in the mainland via our annual Sunshine Love and Care Action (}IQaLR). We were the sole sponsor of the Eco-Friendly Economy Forum (tO}oX) of China Fortune Foundation Limited (-N W[7_Wg) to explore the benefits of environmental protection.

Outlook and Plan for 2011 Energy shortages and environmental pollution are the two major challenges which human beings encounter in the long run. The exploration of new energy sources mainly in the form of renewable energies, the development of a low- carbon economy and the breakthrough in developing emerging industries are the vital means of overcoming these two challenges. Industrial and agricultural development, coupled with rising standards of living, has increased energy consumption in the 21st century. Conventional energies such as coal, oil and natural gas are expected to be depleted within the next tens to hundreds of years. Therefore, the exploration of new energy sources mainly in the form of renewable energies is the most important topic for the future survival of the human race.
As the most sustainable of the renewable energy sources, solar power is increasingly gaining the support of governments around the world. The total worldwide installation in 2010 has not been announced yet. However, various influential institutions pointed out that 2010 was a year of good harvest for solar companies. The total estimated installed capacity of solar farms around the world in 2010 was over 16 GW. By comparison with 2009 s installed capacity of 7.2 GW, this was a more than two-fold increase. Germany remains the world s largest photovoltaic market, with an installed capacity exceeding 8 GW in 2010. In Italy, the photovoltaic market also grew very rapidly in 2010. Market analysts estimated the 2010 installed capacity of solar farms in Italy was in the range of 2.5 3.5 GW, and estimated to reach 4 GW in 2011. Other European markets such as Spain and Czech Republic also showed a satisfactory performance during the year. Although the subsidy policies for solar energy in Germany and Spain will change in 2011, cost decreases across the entire photovoltaic value chain are expected to mitigate some of these adverse factors. We still expect very good prospects for the European market in 2011. Meanwhile, with the various states of the United States extending or launching subsidy and incentive policies, the United States will play a more important role in the global photovoltaic market in 2011. Apart from encouraging private investments in solar farms, the United States government also requires large utility companies to comply with renewable portfolio standards (RPS). Other Asian and Middle East countries such as India, Japan, Korea, Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Israel have each launched national plans for developing solar power and that will provide new areas of growth for the global photovoltaic industry. We believe that the new installed capacity of global solar power to exceed 20 GW in 
The development prospects of new energy industry in China are promising. The photovoltaic industry in particular shows phenomenal potential with immense business opportunities. It is expected that from 2011 to 2015 the country s total installed power capacity will reach 1.4 billion kW and new energy will account for 15%. The year 2011 marks the beginning of the country s 12th Five-Year Plan. The economy of China will strike a balance between growth and anti-inflation. Local governments deployment of scarce resources including land, incentive policies and scarce bank financing will be skewed towards the strategic emerging industries. China will start a new round of investment and construction in the new energy domain. Since the launch of the Golden Sun Demonstration Projects (*Y}:y{] z) and Building Integrated Photovoltaic Demonstration Projects (*Y}IQ{a(u:y{] z) in December 2010, which have outlined the scale of the domestic photovoltaic targets in the future years. It is estimated that the annual domestic installed capacity after 2012 will be no less than 1 GW. We opine that China will make great effort in developing the photovoltaic industry in the future. The country will change from being a major photovoltaic material producer to a major user of solar energy.
In 2011, we will follow thoroughly the working theme of technological innovation, management upgrades, people- oriented and harmonious development , and insist on the principles of prioritising talents, technology and values.
With technological innovation and management upgrades, we will continue to lead the silicon materials industry, gradually changing our business model of our power business, and facilitate the rapid expansion of the solar farm 
For the silicon materials business, we will expand on the foundation of our current production capacity of polysilicon and wafer. We expect the production capacity of polysilicon to reach 46,000 MT by end of 2011 and polysilicon output to reach 31,000 MT for the year 2011. Meanwhile, through implementing technical upgrades and minimising energy consumption, we are confident in lowering the polysilicon production cost to approximately US$20 per kilogram by the end of 2011 in order to ensure that our gross profit margins will continue to be higher than those of our industry peers. We will also continue to focus on the development of our wafer business in 2011. Apart from our current wafer production bases in Xuzhou, Wuxi, Changzhou and Suzhou, we will build new wafer facilities in Yangzhou, Taicang, Quanzhou and Henan such that our global competitiveness in the silicon materials business will be strengthened. We expect that by the end of 2011, our wafer production capacity will be ramped up to 6.5 GW and wafer output will reach 5.5 GW for the year 2011.
GCL Solar Energy Limited (TSkIQO gPlQS) will continue to explore markets in the United States and overseas.
We will develop sufficient photovoltaic pipeline projects in order to fulfil the requirements of rapid business development. We hope that we can become the world s leading solar farm enterprise within three years.
While developing the solar farm business, we will continue to ensure the healthy and stable development of our existing environmentally friendly power business. On one hand, we will adopt proactive measures to cope with fluctuations in fuel prices and ensure effective power business development; on the other hand, we will further enhance our business mix in accordance with carbon neutral principles by increasing our investments in clean and renewable energy, and raising the proportion of incineration and natural gas power plants.
Finally, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our Directors, management team and all the staff of GCL-Poly for their hard work over the past year. I also wish to extend my gratitude to our shareholders and business partners for their continuing support.
Zhu Gong Shan 
Hong Kong, 17 March 2011 