Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to report that GCL-Poly achieved remarkable operating results in 2009. For the financial year ended 31 December 2009, GCL-Poly recorded revenue of RMB4,355.6 million, an increase of 23.7% from RMB3,521.4 million as restated for 2008. Although we recorded a net loss for the year, the loss was partially attributable to one-time non-cash share-based payment expenses of RMB745.8 million, a non- cash goodwill impairment loss of RMB95.9 million and a one-time finance charge of RMB129.7 million as a result of the merging of the solar business into the Company. Excluding such exceptional items and other one-time costs, operating profit would have been more than RMB800 million in 2009.
In July 2009, our Company acquired 100% equity interest in Jiangsu Zhongneng Polysilicon Technology Development Co., Ltd. ( Jiangsu Zhongneng ) at a consideration of HK$26.35 billion. Upon completion of the acquisition, the solar business became the core business while the Company s business structure and development plans changed significantly. This acquisition is accounted for as a reverse acquisition in accordance with the requirements of the International Financial Reporting Standards. As such, the Company is considered as the acquiree for accounting purposes. According to such accounting treatment, the 2009 full year results of our newly merged solar business were consolidated into the financial statements, while only the results from 1 August to 31 December 2009 of our existing power business were consolidated into the financial statements. This accounting treatment was concurred by the auditor of the Company.
2009 was an extraordinary year for GCL-Poly. In July, we successfully acquired Jiangsu Zhongneng, the largest polysilicon supplier in China and also one of the leading polysilicon suppliers in the world. Hence, we became a leading new energy operator in Hong Kong. In August, we successfully issued 1.3 billion new shares thus enlarging our investor base. In the same month, all units in our first wind power plant, Xilingol Guotai Wind Power Generation Co., Ltd., with installed capacity of 49.5MW, commenced operations. This event signified our first step in expanding into the wind power industry. In October, Wen Wei Po of Hong Kong gave us an award titled Aspiring Listed Company Influencing China (q_-N WKN2S NlQSNs) . In December, we successfully issued 3.1 billion new shares to China Investment Corporation ( CIC ), further improving our share capital structure and reducing the Company s debt-to-equity ratio. At the end of December, we successfully completed construction of our first solar farm in China with an installed capacity of 20MW. This is the largest solar farm both in China and in Asia that has commenced operations and achieved grid connection. The completion of this solar farm set a strong foundation for GCL-Poly on which we can capitalize from and help us further capture business opportunities arising from the development of the global solar industry going forward.
GCL-Poly had a good start in 2010. In January, Jiangsu Zhongneng obtained approval to participate in the joint establishment of the Jiangsu Province Hydrochlorination Technology Engineering Center. In late January, we commenced production at the first phase of our wafer production facilities located in Xuzhou, Jiangsu province with a capacity of 500MW. This represents an important milestone for our wafer expansion plans. In February, we were selected as one of the constituents of the Hang Seng Composite Index Series.

In 2009, the solar business faced severe headwinds. The polysilicon industry experienced rapid changes and the Company adopted various measures to increase production capacity, improve product quality and reduce production cost in order to further strengthen the Company s competitiveness.
With the 15,000 MT Xuzhou Phase III polysilicon production facilities commencing production, our Company s annual polysilicon production capacity increased from 3,000 MT at the beginning of the year to 18,000 MT by the end of the year. Monthly production volume also increased significantly and has been maintained at above 1,000 MT since October 2009. Annual production volume reached 7,454 MT, which is in-line with the production volume target of 7,500 MT which we disclosed to the investment community before. Polysilicon sales volume reached 5,675 MT for the full year of 2009. At the same time, our polysilicon production cost continued to decline, decreasing from US$66.0 per kg in 2008 to about US$39.4 per kg for 2009, thus allowing us to greatly narrow the gap between our Company and other leading global polysilicon players.
Driven by the increase in production capacity and reduction in production cost, the Company has emerged as one of the few domestic polysilicon suppliers that can sustain a profitable operation. In 2009, our solar business recorded a revenue of RMB2,799.4 million, a gross profit of RMB1,020.0 million and a gross profit margin of 36.4%.
In-house research and development ( R&D ) capabilities are crucial for a solar company to weather challenges. In 2009, the Xuzhou government selected Jiangsu Zhongneng as one of the Top Ten Enterprises with Technology Advancements. The Jiangsu government also named our polysilicon as High-Tech Products. To date, Jiangsu Zhongneng has successfully obtained nine patents and there are more than 30 patent applications pending approval.
At the same time, we set up a R&D center in the US so that we can attract the best talents to enhance our R&D 
In order to honor our obligations under the long-term contracts which we have signed with our customers, realize synergies from integrating polysilicon manufacturing with wafer manufacturing and further enhance our competitiveness in the production of solar raw materials, in the second half of 2009, the Board of Directors of the Company decided to invest in wafer production facilities with a target production capacity of 2 GW and started the construction of the first phase of the Xuzhou wafer production facilities. This project is progressing smoothly and production commenced at the end of January 2010.
At the same time, GCL-Poly leverages on years of experience in constructing, managing and operating power plants to enter into solar power generation. The 20MW solar farm in Xuzhou, Jiangsu province occupies nearly 700mu of barren land and utilizes approximately 9,800 solar panels. This solar farm represents a ground-breaking achievement for China in the research and development of large-scale solar power generation plants.

Facing the fluctuating demand for power and steam after the financial crisis in 2009, the Company took proactive and effective measures to ensure stable growth of our power and steam business. For the full year of 2009, the Company recorded power sales volume of 5,092 GWh, representing an increase of 10.9% as compared with 2008. Steam sales volume for the full year of 2009 was 5,758,759 tonnes, representing an increase of 7.4% relative to the previous 
While successfully expanding revenue sources, the Company also took various measures to effectively control and manage the cost of coal and financial expenses. For the full year of 2009, the average cost of coal was RMB461 per tonne, representing a decrease of 7.2% as compared with the previous year. Finance expenses of the power business were reduced by 16.1% for the full year of 2009, which was attributable to lower interest rate.
The stable increase in power and steam sales and the decrease in average unit cost of coal and financial expenses have resulted in the increase in revenue and net profit of the power business. For the five months ended 31 December 2009, the power business recorded a revenue of RMB1,556.2 million, of which revenue from power and steam sales reached RMB1,401.1 million, and gross profit margin increased to 18.9%.

As an enterprise that has long been engaged in the development of renewable energies, we are greatly aware of our responsibilities to the environment. We are able to effectively recycle various by-products from the polysilicon production process and we ensure that our manufacturing facilities comply with various national standards. All of our cogeneration power plants have been equipped with desulphurization devices, which can significantly reduce the emission of sulfur dioxide. Our subsidiary cogeneration plants replaced the industry boilers to supply steam to customers and by doing so, we save approximately 710,000 tonnes of coal and reduce carbon dioxide emission by 1.91 million tonnes in 2009. The 20MW solar farm in Xuzhou that commenced operations at the end of 2009 would help to save about 10,000 tonnes of coal each year and reduce about 20,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide per year.
We are determined to contribute to the community and we endeavor to promote harmony in society. We have extended our sincerity, love and concern to rehabilitation centers, orphanages, and schools in mountainous areas via our charity activities under Love and Care Action (}IQaLR). We are also the sole sponsor for the Eco-Friendly Economy Forum (tO}oX) of China Fortune Foundation Limited (-N W[7_Wg) with the aim to encourage the adoption of renewable energies and to help make our country stronger and more prosperous.
outLooK AND tHE PLAN For 2010 The global trend is to proactively tackle problems arising from climate change as well as encourage emission reduction; therefore, the use of renewable energies is becoming increasingly important and governments all over the world have been increasingly supportive of the adoption of solar power generation as it is the most sustainable type of renewable energy. After becoming the President of the United States, Obama sees the development of renewable energies as a key driver for economic recovery and has announced various subsidy programs to encourage the use of solar power. The Chinese government has initiated a series of solar subsidy programs such as the Solar Roof Top Plan and the Golden Sun Project to encourage the adoption of solar power in China. The Chinese government has ambitious plans for the solar industry in the next decade with the hope of transforming China from a solar product manufacturer to one which widely adopts solar power generation. Such an initiative would help the Chinese government realize its commitment to reduce carbon emissions.

The solar industry is a growing industry with huge potential and infinite business opportunities. In fact, the solar industry is one of the first few industries to rebound after the global financial crisis, and has resumed strong growth since the second half of 2009. Many research and investment institutions expect the solar industry to grow significantly in the future and predict that new global solar capacity in 2010 to increase by more than 60% from 2009. We will seize every opportunity to fully manifest our competitive edges and achieve new breakthroughs in the development of our solar business by implementing a vertical integration strategy.
In 2010, we will continue to enhance our competitiveness in human resources, technology and cost leadership. We are looking into building a new R&D center in Suzhou and Nanjing to further enhance our R&D capabilities. Jiangsu province in China is the largest solar manufacturing hub in the world and most of our downstream cell and module customers are located within this province. We will work very closely with our downstream cell and module customers and leverage on our competitive advantages in the manufacturing of solar raw materials to ensure that we can produce high-quality polysilicon and wafers at competitive prices, and at the same time, help enhance efficiency of our customers products.
For polysilicon, we will continue to increase production volume and enhance product quality. We target to increase production capacity to 21,000 MT by end of 2010 with expected production volume of roughly 15,000 MT. With further ramp up of our hydrochlorination facilities, we are confident that we can further reduce polysilicon production cost to reach levels that are competitive with global players by the second half of 2010 so that we can continue to maintain a relatively high gross margin.
In 2010, we will focus on ramping up our wafer business. Besides setting up wafer facilities in Xuzhou, we will also make acquisitions and form joint ventures to establish wafer production facilities in Wuxi, Changzhou and Suzhou and carry out a special operational model so that we can quickly build up competitiveness location-wise and achieve advantages in scale, cost and quality. We target to achieve 2 GW of capacity by end of 2010 and we expect to produce roughly 1.3 GW of wafers in 2010.
At the same time, we will work closely with CIC to develop our solar farm business. With a vertically integrated strategy, we should realize significant cost synergies by utilizing our in-house solar raw materials to support the solar farm investments. We are confident that in two to three years time, we will become both a global leading manufacturer of solar raw materials as well as one of the world s leading operator of solar farms.
While developing the solar business, we will also ensure the healthy and stable development of our environmentally- friendly power business. On one hand, we will adopt active measures to cope with the fluctuation in fuel prices and ensure the effective development of the power business. On the other hand, we will try to balance the carbon emission of the Group by adjusting our organization investment policy in clean and renewable energies through the increase in capacities of incineration power plants and natural gas power plants.
Finally, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our Directors, management team and all the staff of GCL-Poly for their hard work over the past year. I also wish to extend my gratitude to our shareholders and business partners for their continuous support.

