Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of Directors, I am pleased to report that GCL-Poly achieved remarkable operating results in 2008. For the financial year ended 31 December 2008, the Group recorded a turnover of RMB3,693.3 million, an increase of 100.2% over RMB1,844.7 million in 2007. The profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company amounted to RMB131.3 million as compared with a loss of RMB266.7 million for the corresponding period in 2007.
Basic earnings per share amounted to RMB0.14. The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK2.3 cents per share for 2008.

2008 was the first financial year for GCL-Poly after its successful listing in Hong Kong as well as an extraordinary year for the Group. Despite a series of unfavourable factors such as the continued substantial increase in coal prices and the global economic slowdown, we were still able to achieve remarkable results in profitability amidst a sluggish operating environment and notwithstanding overall losses recorded across the power generation industry due to our hard work and dedicated efforts.
These outstanding results were mainly attributable to the Group s diversified development strategy focusing on developing environmentally friendly and renewable energy over the past decade. Apart from the environmentally friendly coal-fired cogeneration plants, the Group also owns and operates clean gas-fired cogeneration plants, renewable biomass-fired cogeneration plants and a municipal solid waste incineration plant. These power plants account for almost half of the attributable installed capacity of the Group and represented the main growth drivers of its profitability in 2008 despite the surging coal price.
The excellent execution capabilities of the Group s management team was another indispensable element for GCL Poly in achieving its remarkable results. In view of the skyrocketing coal prices, the Group s management team has adopted a series of timely and efficient measures, which has been successfully in boosting revenue and controlling expenses. On the one hand, due to the high fulfillment rate of contracted coal and increased proportional usage in low price coal sludge with low heating value, the Group recorded an average unit cost of coal consumption for an increase of only 26.7% year-on-year, considerably lower than the market incremental rate for coal prices. In addition, the Group has accelerated the development of the heat supplies market and the implementation of coal-steam price pass-through mechanism, which has led to substantial increase in steam generation volume and average steam selling price. Revenue contributed by steam generation increased by RMB453 million as compared with the corresponding period last year.
In 2008, GCL-Poly continued to carry through its mission of developing environmentally friendly and renewable energy. In January 2008, the Company acquired 49% equity interest in China Resources Golden Concord (Beijing) Co-generation Co., Ltd. to further expand the proportion of gas-fired cogeneration plants in its business portfolio. In March 2008, the Company acquired 100% equity interest in Xilingol Guotai Wind Power Generation Co., Ltd. which marked the first step for the Group in the development of its wind power business.
In view of the significant fluctuations in coal prices and the market risks associated with coal supply, in August 2008, the Group announced the acquisition of a 55% equity interest in the Duolun coal mine in Inner Mongolia Autonomous 
As a newly listed enterprise, GCL-Poly has taken a series of initiatives over the past year pursuant to the requirements set out in the Code on Corporate Governance Practices issued by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in order to enhance its corporate governance standards. Our board of Directors and each of the Board s committees has been operating smoothly. A clear segregation of duties was also established between the chairman of the Board and CEO, while independent non-executive Directors accounting for one-third of the Board members. The Group has strengthened its internal controls with a focus on financial supervision and risk management and has been able to optimize internal management tasks through implementation of the above measures.
GCL-Poly has been placing strong emphasis on shareholder value and investor relations since its listing. In order to foster more effective communications with shareholders and investors, we have formed a professional investor relations team with the support of specialised investors relations intermediaries, to proactively organize a wide range of investor relations activities, including roadshows, power plants visits, and participation in domestic and overseas investor relations seminars.

As an environmentally friendly and renewable energy provider, we value the importance of social responsibilities and have been dedicating our efforts in achieving energy conservation and reduced emission. In 2008, the Company s Baoying Cogeneration Plant received financial support under the Central Government s policy on National Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction Technology Improvement Project . The Group s Lianyungang Xiexin Cogeneration Plant and Yangzhou Cogeneration Plant both received special funding from Jiangsu Province under its Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction policy. In 2008, the emission rate of all the power plants of the Group reached standard levels and the dust collection efficiency reaching over 99.8%. Moreover, a Continuous Emission Monitoring System has been fully installed and is now in operation. At the beginning of the year when an unexpected snowstorm hit Southern China, the Group s power plants generated electricity and steam in excess of its planned scale which helped maintain economic and social stability in the region. In addition, following the destructive earthquake at Wenchuan, Sichuan Province, I as well as our staff took the initiative to start a donation drive which collected approximately RMB3.69 million.

Looking forward, 2009 presents both challenges and opportunities for us. The retreating coal price and lowered interest rates on bank loans will effectively mitigate the Group s cost pressure for fuel and financial expenses. On the other hand, the global economic slowdown and its adverse impact on market demand for electricity and steam will inevitably hinder business growth for the Group. Facing these opportunities and challenges, GCL-Poly will proactively adopt effective measures to control unit operating cost while pursuing market expansion of steam supply and stablising steam prices. The Group will also execute plans to restructure the assets portfolio of its power plants in order to build a sound foundation for continuous growth.
Finally, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our Directors, the management team and our staff for their hard work over the past year. I also wish to extend my gratitude to the shareholders and business partners for their support during the year.
Zhu Gong Shan 
Hong Kong, 25 March 2009 