Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I hereby report the following operating results of GCL-Poly in 2015.
As of 31 December 2015, GCL-Poly recorded revenue of approximately RMB21.766 billion, representing a 1.1% increase as compared with the same period in 2014. Gross profit was approximately RMB5.776 billion, a 16.1% increase as compared with the same period in 2014. Profit attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately RMB2.425 billion. Basic earnings per share were RMB15.52 cents.
The global PV industry continued to pick up in 2015, and the PV enterprises saw their business improving, driven by the increase in both domestic and international PV market demand. According to the latest data, in 2015, the global solar market demand increased more than 20% to 51 GW to 57 GW, compared with 44 GW in 2014. The incumbent such as Europe, America and Japan maintained the robust growth, and the emerging markets had started to blossom. The photovoltaic application in Southeast Asia and Latin America countries were expanding with strong momentum. In addition, the scales of installed capacity in the countries of India, Thailand, Chile, Mexico and so on were developing rapidly. The official report of China Energy Bureau pointed out that in 2015, China s newly increased PV installed capacity was 15.13 GW, accounting for more than a quarter of the world s newly installed capacity. With the cumulative installed capacity of over 43 GW, China became the largest photovoltaic power generation country in the world. At the same time, the advancement in the photovoltaic industry continued to accelerate, driven by emergence of new process technologies from various segments, driving the cost of PV products and photovoltaic power generation persistently down. However, the polysilicon and wafer markets were of a mixed bag this year. For polysilicon, its price continued to decline throughout the year due to the excessive capacity and the impact of dumping of imported materials. As a result, the domestic polysilicon enterprises generally faced much difficulties. On the other hand, the wafer market showed strong market demand since the second half of the year. The wafer price showed no correction and the wafer enterprises had maintained relatively high gross margins.
This year, GCL-Poly launched a series of technological reform measures in polysilicon, ingots and wafer to ensure profit target through cost reduction and increase production. Through disposal of the non- solar power business, GCL-Poly concentrates more effort in its core business of photovoltaic material manufacturing going forward. By disposing the non-solar power business, resolving of Jinshanqiao Cogeneration Plant issue and completion of the rights issue transaction, GCL-Poly has accumulated a fair amount of cash for improvement of its balance sheet gearing so that the Company can be more flexible in increasing investment in R&D and technical transformation, and maintaining its leading position in the 
CONSTANT INNOVATION AND ACHIEVING NEW HIGH IN GLOBAL MARKET 
As one of the most influential and competitive silicon material manufacturers and suppliers in the world, the Company achieved remarkable results in both the production and sales. As at the end of December 2015, the Company completed a total production of 74,358 MT and sales of 18,023 MT of polysilicon, a production of 14,968 MW and sales of 15,178 MW of wafers. In 2015, with the capacity utilisation exceeded 100%, the Company has fully achieved the manufacturing and sales targets. The Company s global market shares of polysilicon and wafers were estimated at 30% and 40% respectively, both ranking top of the world.
The highlights of our work in 2015 were as follows: 1. In April 2015, the efficient wafer GCL Multi-Wafer S4 products achieved mass production. The average conversion efficiency of GCL Multi-Wafer S4 is up to 18.5%, and it significantly enhanced the black edge of wafer and anti-light wane performance. Therefore, the new product sustained GCL s leadership in the high-efficiency wafer market; 2. With our captive power plant commenced operation on 20 July 2015, we were able to significantly reduce the electricity costs of Xuzhou Polysilicon Production Base and thereby pushing down our polysilicon production cost; 3. The Ningxia Zhongwei Monocrystalline Ingot Pulling and Jiangsu Funing Monocrystalline Slicing projects have kicked off smoothly. After GCL-Poly entering into the field of the monocrystalline, we were able to fill the voids of our existing product mix and further solidify our leading position in the industry. 4. We increased the public fund raising and replaced the high cost bank facilities; thus significantly optimised the debt structure and reduced the financing costs. 5. We raised up to RMB2 billion of capital through various investment platforms to various subsidiaries effectively enhanced the gearing of our balance sheet.

Meanwhile, we also made remarkable achievements in R&D: 1. The silane-based FBR technology was progressing smoothly, reaching early-stage large-scale production conditions; 2. The research and development of N-type monocrystalline has commenced, and completed key milestones towards its plan; 3. In 2015, we received four patent certificates for productivity and was granted three patents for invention; meanwhile, Reactor Having the Metal Surfaces Coated with Silicide was awarded the 2015 Hundred High- Quality Invention Patents in Jiangsu Province. In the meantime, the Company further enhanced Siemens method polysilicon production technology. Moreover, the scientific research projects of upgrading the technological transformation of ingot casting furnaces, optimization of the high-efficiency polycrystalline ingot casting process, the research and development of ingot casting monocrystalline technology, upgrades of diamond wire cutting etc. were still progressing steadily, setting the stage for subsequent capacity-driven cost reduction and product upgrades.
COMPLETION OF DISPOSAL OF NON-SOLAR POWER BUSINESS IN DECEMBER 
In 2015, the power business continued to record stable performance. The Company, through centralised management and cost control measures, was able to maximize the efficiencies of existing resources resulting in stable development of its power and steam businesses. At the same time, to streamline our efforts and realign our strategic focus in the development of the core photovoltaic business, the disposal of non- solar power business was approved by the shareholders at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 26 November 2015, and the transaction was completed on 8 December 2015.
RAPID DEVELOPMENT OF THE SOLAR FARM PLATFORM GCL NEW ENERGY 2015 marked an important milestone for the business development of GCL New Energy. Since the completion of the acquisition in May 2014, shares placing and changes of the company name, GCL New Energy has achieved a relative desirable results. As at 31 December 2015, the total installed capacity amounted to approximately 1,640 MW, representing a growth of 166% over the same period of last year.
Financially, the Group recorded a total revenue of approximately RMB1,970 million in 2015, representing a growth of 143% over the same period of last year (since acquisition), whilst the earnings were mainly contributed by the solar energy business. During the year, affected by termination of some non-core businesses and share option for non-cash expenditure provision, GCL New Energy recorded a net loss of 
GCL New Energy is ready for the development of more new projects through rights issue and other financing activities, as well as striving to reduce the debt ratio. Going forward, GCL New Energy will continue to focus on the development of solar energy business and endeavor to become the world s leading solar energy 
As a global leading enterprise that has long been engaged in the development of renewable energy, GCL-Poly is well aware of its responsibilities to environmental protection and social contribution. While ensuring our power generation and manufacturing activities to be in compliance with national environmental standards, we also actively participated in various public welfare activities, such as Sunshine Love and Care Action (}IQaLR) and Higher Education Subsidies (I{YeNsRx[W) organised by GCL-Poly Sunshine Charity Fund , disaster relief and care for lives of the poor. Over the years, we have initiated and 
participated in over 100 charitable events and gained positive feedbacks from the society. In 2015, GCL-Poly was awarded as China Securities Golden Bauhinia Awards The Best Governance Listed Company and The Best Employer in Asia by Business Media International. At the same time I, as the Chairman of the Company was named as 2015 Top Ten China Economy Person of the Year, which showed trust and recognition from the industries to GCL-Poly. In the future, we will continue to make active contribution to the society by jobs creation, charity donation, public welfare and every other possible ways.

The pace of global energy mix-shift will accelerate upon the signing of the Paris Agreement. China s National Energy Administration also issued Utilisation of Solar Energy 13th Five-year Plan (Exposure Draft). During the period of 13th Five-year Plan , the total accumulated installed capacity was 150 GW, of which the distributed generation was 70 GW, and the centralised power generation was 80 GW. According to general consensus of market expectations, the global PV demand in 2016 will be about 66 GW, of which China will usher its soaring installation under the stimulus of the Pacemaker Plan and the electricity price reduction policies to stimulate demand. We estimate new PV installed capacity at around 20 GW in 2016; The extension of U.S. PV investment tax credit to 2019 will pave the way for stable growth of the U.S. PV market; Japan will see the steady development thanks to the continuous decline in the price of photovoltaic products; the emerging markets such as India and other regions will witness further development in view of improvement in the supporting policies and financing instruments, which may trigger an inflection point for explosive growth.
In 2016, we will continue to raise the core competitiveness of products, and focus on improving efficiency and product differentiation advantages. We will further increase the production volumes, improve quality and reduce costs, through internal management and streamlining production. We will keep increasing the scientific research investment: Apart from existing research and development programs, we will also pay close attention to new technologies with industrial prospects in the field of photovoltaic materials. By closer ties with financial institutions, we will continue to promote direct financial issuance, improve financial leverage and capital structure, so as to reduce financial fees and optimize liquidity. With the acceleration of intelligence manufacturing and information construction, we will enhance the automation level of the existing production capacity with a view to promote and realise the industrial upgrading.
Ambition should be firm rather than sharp; success should be based on long lasting rather than short-lived.
With the joint efforts by GCL-Poly, the entire solar energy industry and the alternative energy industry, I believe that China will fulfill its commitments at the Paris Climate Change Conference.
Finally, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our Directors, management team and all the staff members of GCL-Poly for their efforts and hard work in 2015. I also wish to extend my gratitude to our shareholders and business partners for their strong support over the past year.

Hong Kong, 23 March 2016 