CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
2016 marked an important milestone for the
development of GCL-Poly. Abiding by the
mission and vision of the Company, we work
hard to fulfill our commitment to creating value
for our shareholders and assume corporate
social responsibility to bring green energy to
life. We are strongly determined to develop
solar photovoltaic business and have achieved
good performance continuously.
After completion of the divestiture transaction in respect of other businesses in 2016, the Company focuses on the
business of production research and development and supply of polysilicon and wafer, the largest of its kind globally.
Meanwhile, with the expansion of its subsidiary, GNE, the Company becomes a top-notch solar farm developer and
operator in China.
2016 Business Review
During 2016, GCL-Poly’s total production of polysilicon and wafer were 69,345 MT and 17,327 MW respectively, ranking
first in the world again. For the year ended 31 December 2016, GCL-Poly recorded a revenue of RMB22.02 billion,
representing a 7.5% increase as compared with the same period in 2015; gross profit was approximately RMB7.04 billion,
a 22.7% increase as compared with the same period in 2015; profit attributable to owners of the Company amounted to
approximately RMB2.03 billion and basic earnings per share were approximately RMB11.03 cents.
For the year 2016, GNE’s total PV installed capacity was 3,516 MW, a 114.4% increase as compared with the same
period in 2015. Total revenue from new energy business was approximately RMB2.25 billion, up by 226.5% year-on-year.
Profit significantly increased by 309.8% to RMB0.24 billion over last year.
Driven by Innovation, GCL-Poly and GNE Recorded Further Growth
Global PV industry developed rapidly in 2016, seen total PV installation capacity of approximately 77 GW, representing a
32% increase as compared with the same period in 2015, among which, China continued to lead the global PV market
with 34.5 GW of new installation in 2016. By implementing the strategy of “Embrace Client”, GCL-Poly worked together
with other PV enterprises in improving new techniques and new processes to promote industry upgrade and reduce the
costs of PV products and solar farms.
GCL-Poly also made various achievements in intellectual property in 2016. Throughout the year, subsidiaries under GCLPoly
applied for 100 patents (including 37 patents for invention) and were granted 53 patents. To date, GCL-Poly applied
for 556 patents and was granted 374 patents, among which 104 were patents for invention.The Company further enhanced Siemens method polysilicon production technology in 2016. Moreover, the scientific
research projects of upgrading the technological transformation of ingot casting furnaces, optimisation of the highefficiency
polycrystalline ingot casting process, the research and development of ingot casting monocrystalline technology,
upgrades of diamond wire cutting, black silicon technology, and equipment and process optimisation of fluidised-bed
silicon particles via silane method etc. achieved outstanding improvement and each achievement of research and
development is in the leading edge of the industry, which not only reduced the manufacture cost of products but also
provided a reliable assurance for subsequent capacity improvement, cost reduction and further product upgrades.
In 2017, we will introduce core techniques with international competitiveness by means of cooperation with international
renowned companies and merge and acquisition while focusing on self-development and innovation, so as to keep longterm
competitiveness in the market for the Company in the future.
Through its rising proportion of self development, controlled costs in construction of power station and improved
efficiency in power generation, GNE had new additional power plant grid integration capacity of approximately 1.9 GW
and construction in progress pending grid integration of approximately 1 GW in 2016. GNE secured 360 MW “Top
Runner” (領跑者) project leveraging on its leading techniques and innovative management, and was granted a quota of
250 MW for photovoltaic poverty alleviation in view of its assistance in relevant works, taking lead throughout the
country.
In 2017, GNE has already comprehensively carried out the development of distributed business and expansion of global
key regional projects and intends to expand new projects of 1.5 to 2 GW in the regions with rich solar resource and has a
plan of joint upgrade and transformation with its strategic partners to continue reducing cost significantly by various
means such as enhancing technical innovation, speeding up efficiency of capital usage and providing management
services, striving to reduce the average cost of solar generation to RMB6–6.5 per watt.
Social Responsibility
As a global leading enterprise engaged in renewable energy development for a long period, GCL-Poly is well aware of its
responsibility in environmental protection and social contribution. While ensuring our power generation and
manufacturing activities in compliance with national environmental standards, we also actively participated in various
public welfare activities, such as “Sunshine Love and Care Action” (陽光關愛行動) and “Higher Education Subsidies” (高
等教育獎助學基金) organised by “GCL-Poly Sunshine Charity Fund”, and kinds of disaster relief and poverty alleviation
projects. Over the years, we have initiated and participated in over 100 charitable events and received wide recognition
from the society. In the summer of 2016, Funing, a city in Jiangsu Province, was severely hit by extremely disastrous
weather. On confirmation of the news, the Company held an emergency rescue meeting and decided to donate RMB10
million for the purpose of rescue and reconstruction works in the affected area.
During 2016, GCL-Poly was awarded with the “Capital China Outstanding New Energy Enterprise” (資本傑出中國新能源
企業) by South China Media, the “2016 China Securities Golden Bauhinia Award”, and the “Best PV Material Supplier in
China” (中國最佳光伏材料商) at OFWeek’s PV Industry Award Ceremony 2016 (2016中國光伏行業年度評選頒獎典禮).
At the same time I, as the Chairman of the Company was named as “PV Leader of the Year” (年度光伏領袖) during
Solarbe’s CREC 2016, reflecting trust and recognition from all parties to GCL-Poly. In the future, we will continue to make
active contribution to the society by jobs creation, charity donation, public welfare and every other possible ways.
Outlook
In response to increasingly serious environment issues, the execution and enforcement of the Paris Agreement on climate
change clarifies the direction for related global cooperation post 2020, showing the pace of adjustment on global energy
structure is accelerating. In fighting against climate change, China has adopted strong policies and measures in order to
reach its target, namely, non-fossil energy accounting for 15% and 20% of total energy consumption by 2020 and 2030
respectively, which were proved effective and progressed well. The 13th Five-year Plan for the Solar Photovoltaic Industry
《太陽能發展十三五規劃 ( 》) and the 13th Five-year Plan for Energy Industry (《能源發展十三五規劃》) set out the energy
blueprint and action guideline from 2016 to 2020. A PV installation goal of more than 110 GW is to achieve by 2020,
including 5 GW of PV solar and 60 GW of distributed generation, in addition to the realisation of grid-parity on the user
side, ushering in a upsurge for the development of solar energy industry.
During the 13th Five-year Plan covered period, the PV industry in China is expected to overcome core technical difficulties
with the expansion of industry scale, promote diversified application of PV products, and further to reduce costs and
improve efficiency. Meanwhile, historic development opportunities will emerge for the growth of various forms of projects
such as photovoltaic poverty alleviation and photovoltaic agriculture.
Driven by innovation, GCL-Poly will be strongly committed to the research and development of new products and
techniques related to PV materials so as to make solar power to reach grid-parity before 2020. As a result, we will
continue to improve core competitiveness of our products and ensure the advantages of our products in the market by
focusing on high efficiency and diversification of wafer products, improve production through refined internal
management and implementation of streamlined production, and improve product quality while reducing costs. We will
continue to increase investment in science and technology, deepen cooperation with financial institutes, promote
innovation in forms of financial cooperation, further improve balance sheet and financing structure, reduce finance costs
and enhance liquidity. We will also accelerate the pace of smart manufacturing and information construction to improve
automation level of existing production capacity for the purpose of industry upgrade.
I’m confident with technical progress and quick development in the industry, in combination with our direction of “Embrace
Grid-parity”, GCL-Poly’s dream to bring green energy to thousands of households will come true soon.
Finally, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to the board of directors, management team and all dedicated staff
of the Company for their efforts and hard work in 2016. I also wish to extend my gratitude to the shareholders and
business partners of the Company for their strong support to the Company.
On behalf of the management of the Company, I hereby report the following annual results of GCL-Poly for 2016. For
the year ended 31 December 2016, GCL-Poly recorded revenue of RMB22.02 billion, representing a 7.5% increase as
compared with the same period in 2015; gross profit was approximately RMB7.04 billion, representing a 22.7% increase
as compared with the same period in 2015; profit attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately
RMB2.03 billion and basic earnings per share were approximately RMB11.03 cents. During 2016, total production and
sales of polysilicon of the Company were 69,345 MT and 9,951 MT respectively and total production and sales of wafer
were 17,327 MW and 17,518 MW respectively. The Company ranked first in the world in both polysilicon and wafer
production.
Global PV Market Enjoyed Sustained Growth with Strong Momentum in
Emerging markets
In 2016, global PV industry developed rapidly. According to the technical report from HIS Markit (London, UK), global
installation capacity in 2016 reached 77 GW, an increase of 32% as compared with the same period in 2015. China
became the largest PV market in the world for the fourth consecutive year with 34.5 GW installations in 2016, following
by America and Japan, with 14 GW and 8.7 GW installations respectively. India, with approximate 6 GW installations in
2016, ranked fourth currently, likely to outperform Japan in 2017. Meanwhile, PV installations in emerging markets, such
as Mexico, Chile, Peru in Latin America, Thailand, Malaysia and some African countries, were growing with strong
momentum.
Domestic Market Saw Stable Growth in PV Demand and Market Price
Experienced Moderate Adjustments
China’s PV installation capacity was 34.5 GW in 2016, maintaining a strong demand and accounting for almost half of
global installed capacity. With a cumulative installation capacity of 77.4 GW, China continued to lead the global PV
market. Polysilicon and wafer showed completely different trends of supply and demand relationship during the year,
though both prices fluctuated generally. Following inventory digestion in the first quarter of 2016, price of polysilicon
rebounded in April, showing some signs of recovery. Demand for polysilicon maintained a robust demand during the
year. Wafer market has seen strong demand since middle 2015, driving continuous price hikes. Affected by seasonality of
installation rush, the overall market performance had been sluggish since 30 June 2016, particularly in the third quarter,
resulting in a shrinked demand and certain falls in price until recovery at the quarter end.
Annual Operation Target was Fully Achieved through Duly Adjustment of
Production and Sales Strategy in Line with Market Changes
Look back at 2016, based on scientific research and judgment, capturing changes in market demand and developing a
supply-side adjustment approach accordingly, GCL-Poly secured flourishing production and sales of both polysilicon and
wafer products and maintained excellent performance in gross profit margin throughout the year. During the first half of
the year witnessing thriving market development, the Company made great efforts in exploring production capacity and
strict cost control, therefore, production and sales targets in all product categories were fully achieved. During the market
slump in the third quarter, the Company made corresponding adjustment to production schedule in advance, in addition
to strict control of cost and inventory, which effectively avoid loss from declined price. Again, in the fourth quarter
marked with market recovery, the Company resumed production and adjusted product structure promptly to satisfy
market needs as far as possible. Relying on scientific market research and judgment, the Company captured opportunities
emerged in the market and was determined to take the initiative to adopt various refined management measures against
the adverse market condition reflected by declined demand in the third quarter and finally survived such market downturn
with outstanding operating results.
In 2016, GCL-Poly’s wafer production continued to maintain a high-speed growth. Cost of silicon and wafer products
continued to record significant decrease, laying a solid foundation for the commencement of the 13th Five-year Plan.
Benefitted from equipment transformation and replacement of manufacturing equipment upgrading, increase of single
furnace feed capacity and decrease of technology period, together with application of new equipments, ingoting capacity
of GCL Multi-Wafer was improved 12.5% than in 2015 and ingot production was expected to be 5.7% higher than in
2015. Meanwhile, cutting capacity was significantly improved attributable to full application of structure line technology,
complementary with improvement of cutting efficiency, which made the Group well positioned for satisfying product
demand during the post-30 June-period’s installation rush. With technology upgrades, energy consumption control and
refined management in various processes of production, production cost of wafer products was effectively reduced. In
2016, GCL-Poly’s vertical manufacturing costs decreased by about 10% compared to 2015.
Technology Innovation Drove Transformation and Upgrading While Refined
Production Improved Corporate Efficiency
Technology innovation is a driving force for long-term development of an enterprise. In 2016, the Company continuously
promoted its technology transformation and research and development (R&D) programmes and
established effective tracking mechanism for key R&D programmes including FBR (fluidized
bed reactor) technology (流化床法製備顆粒硅), R&D of high-efficient new polysilicon
products (高效多晶新品研發), monosilicon ingot (整錠單晶), high-efficient MCCE (metal
catalyzed chemical etching) black silicon (高效濕法黑硅多晶硅片), czochralski
monosilicon technology (直拉單晶技術) and diamond wire sawing technology
transformation (砂線機金剛線切割改造), providing technical supports for the
innovation and replacement of new products and cost control of existing
products. During the Chinese Renewable Energy Conference and Exhibition
organized in Wuxi, we released new TS series of black silicon wafer applying
diamond wire sawing technology (金剛線切多晶技術) and “GCL SuedeSurface”
submicron multihole suede-surface making technology (「鑫絨面」
亞微米級多孔製絨技術). The conversion efficiency of TS products using
ordinary battery technology is up to 18.8 -19.0%, up by 0.2%-0.4%
compared with ordinary wafer products. Due to our commitment of
technological innovation and continuous input in R&D resources, GCL-Poly also
made various achievements in intellectual property in 2016. During the year,
subsidiaries under GCL-Poly applied for 100 patents (including 37 patents for
invention) and were granted 53 patents. To date, GCL-Poly applied for 556 patents and
was granted 374 patents, among which 104 were patents for invention.
In 2016, we constantly improved the evaluation system for refined production, implemented and improved the level of
automation and information in respect of production method, thus creating a benchmark for intelligent manufacturing in
the industry, which greatly boosted production efficiency and made significant contribution to the achievement of the
Company’s annual operating results. The Company further achieved remarkable results in both production and sales in
2016. Total production and sales of polysilicon for the year were 69,345 MT and 9,951 MT respectively and total
production and sales of wafer were 17,327 MW and 17,518 MW respectively. Both production and sales targets were
fully achieved in 2016. The Company ranked first in the world in both polysilicon and wafer products, accounting for
approximately 23% and 30% of the global market respectively.
Management Reform for Efficiency Improvement and Resource
Consolidation for Joint Development
We have been advocating a “Simple and Efficient” working approach. Under the control and direction of our wellestablished
system, we have continuously optimized and improved working mode and strived to improve overall working
effectiveness and efficiency through ongoing progress in management details. In 2016, highlights in each line of our
function were summarized as follows. 1. Various measures, including promoting segregation of management and
supervision functions of EHS and studying and applying JHA, were implemented, achieving the target of nil material
safety accident during the year, which facilitated production and quality improvement, cost saving and efficiency increase;
2. Adhering to the keynote of “capital optimisation and cost control”, we implemented capital and asset restructuring,
prepare capital increase methods in a legal and reasonable manner, and reduce and control receivables in various ways,
which improved each financial indicator to a large extent. During the year, financial structure and position of the
Company hit historic record; 3. Impressive progress was made in respect of asset management through various measures
focusing on “restructuring, platform construction, channel optimisation and centralised management”. The investment
platform of GCL-Poly received AA+ rating from CCXI (中誠信國際) and CCXR (中誠信證評), representing a breakthrough
in PV industry. 4. Industry informatization-based information construction, accompanied by the automation of
manufacturing equipment, was proved to be effective in creating digital factory plants. 5. A partnership system was
implemented during the year to reform existing incentive approach, which aligned the interests of relevant parties with
the Company to seek for joint development. 6. A “Simple and Efficient” approach was strongly advocated in our work to
create a concise, fair and equitable working environment.
In 2016, by means of resource consolidation, GCL-Poly established an improved development package in light of market
conditions and referring to existing strategic steps to propel each investment project in a stable manner. To this end, the
1 GW-monosilicon project in Ningxia and 1 GW-diamond wire sawing project in Funing were completed as scheduled;
and other projects including electronic grade silicon and particle silicon were progressed orderly by the scheduled time.
Product portfolio was continuously optimized for further industry chain extension.
Solar Farm Platform “GCL New Energy” has been Developed in a Stable and
Rapid Manner
The year 2016 marked a significant milestone for the development of business of GNE. For the year ended 31 December
2016, total installed capacity of GNE was 3,516 MW, representing a substantial increase of 114.4% over the same period
last year. GNE has played a leading role in both domestic and global PV power generation sector in terms of installed
capacity. Besides, total revenue from GNE’s solar energy business amounted to approximately RMB2.25 billion for 2016,
representing a year-on-year increase of 226.5%. Profit recorded a substantial increase of 309.8% from previous year to
approximately RMB244 million.
GNE has steadily stepped into high-growth trajectory through various efforts, for example, increase in-house
development, reduce cost of construction, control construction price and improve power generation efficiency. Going
forward, GNE will make more efforts in cost control and efficient improvement while making full preparation for the
development of distributed photovoltaic generation, ready for further new projects development to maintain its global
leading position in the industry.
New Opportunities Emerged in the Industry with the Launch of Intensive
Global Policies
The pace of global energy restructuring is accelerating upon the execution and taking effect of the Paris Agreement. The
National Development and Reform Commission and National Energy Administration of the PRC also issued the 13th Fiveyear
Plan for the Electricity Industry (《電力發展十三五規劃》), the 13th Five-year Plan for the Solar Photovoltaic Industry (《太
陽能發展十三五規劃》) and the 13th Five-year Plan for Energy Industry (《能源發展十三五規劃》) respectively, which set
out the energy blueprint and action guideline from 2016 to 2020. A PV installation goal of more than 110 GW is to
achieve by 2020, including 5 GW of PV solar and 60 GW of distributed generation, ushering in a new opportunity for the
development of solar energy industry. During the period covered by the 13th Five-year Plan, the PV industry is expected to
overcome core technical difficulties with the expansion of industry scale, promote diversified application of PV products,
and further reduce costs and improve efficiency. Meanwhile, the modernisation progress of agriculture in China will be
accelerated, representing historic development opportunities for the growth of various forms of projects such as
photovoltaic poverty alleviation, photovoltaic agriculture and distributed photovoltaic generation, particularly, distributed
photovoltaic generation in combination with agriculture.
During the 12th Five-year Plan covered period, the PV installations in China grew by 168 times, faster than all other
renewable energies. The PV industry in China is expected to maintain fast growth and vast potential during following new
historical stage. Affected by the new PV subsidy policy came into force on 30 June 2016, China’s total installed capacity is
expected to be 25–30 GW in 2017. With the extension of the Solar Investment Tax Credit through 2019, the PV market
in America will continue to grow steadily. The same is with Japan, which will be benefited from on-going price falling of
PV products. India, Latin America, Southeast Asia and other emerging markets may become new growth points in PV
industry with further development of auxiliary policies and finance means.
Under the guideline of “technology innovation for transformation and upgrading, management reform for efficiency
improvement and resource consolidation for joint development” and taking the approach of “innovation, transformation,
ingenuity and cooperation”, GCL-Poly charges itself with the mission and responsibility to provide green energy to
thousands of households and is strongly committed to drive solar power to reach grid-parity. As a result, we will continue
to improve core competitiveness of our products, focusing on the competitive strengths of high efficiency and
differentiation of wafer products. Through refined internal management and implementation of streamlined production,
we will keep improving product quality while reducing costs. We will continue to increase investment in science and
technology, keeping close eyes on new promising techniques in the field of PV materials in addition to implementing
existing research and development tasks as scheduled. Besides, we will deepen cooperation with financial institutes,
promote innovation in forms of financial cooperation, improve balance sheet and financing structure, reduce finance
costs and enhance liquidity. We will make more efforts in intelligent manufacturing and information construction for
synergy effect in order to improve automation level of existing production capacity and introduce and realize industry
upgrade.
I’m confident with technical progress and quick development in the industry, GCL-Poly’s dream of green energy will come
true soon.
Finally, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to the management team and staff of the Company for their efforts
and hard work in 2016. I also wish to extend my gratitude to our shareholders and business partners for their strong
support to GCL-Poly. 
