Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I hereby report that GCL-Poly achieved the following operating results for the year of 2012. For the year ended 31 December 2012, GCL-Poly recorded a total revenue of approximately HK$22.35 billion, representing a 12.4% decrease as compared with that in 2011. Gross profit was approximately HK$1.75 billion, a 79.3% decrease as compared with that for the same period in 2011. Losses attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately HK$3.5 billion. Basic losses per share amounted to approximately HK22.71 cents. Due to the factors such as cyclical oversupply of the industry, the European debt crisis, changes in the European subsidy policy and the dumping of imported polysilicon into China, the Company s performance was affected and market prices of polysilicon and wafer continued to decline in 2012. The polysilicon and wafers selling prices fell by 56.4% and 53.7% respectively as compared with those for the same period in 2011. Although our production costs of polysilicon and wafer lowered by 5.6% and 41.7% respectively as compared with those for the same period in 2011 and our production costs continued to lead the industry, our business performance was still heavily affected by the significant decline in market prices. With stringent cost control, expenses and asset flow management, we recorded HK$2.3 billion operating cash flow and achieved an EBITDA of HK$3 
Despite the fact that PV industry has faced various challenges, we still saw a remarkable progress in terms of policies and technologies in 2012 and a number of favorable forecasts have been realized such as the increasing diversification of the global PV market and the rapid rise of emerging markets. As such, the expected 2012 installed capacity should range between 31 to 32 GW. In the Southeast Asian emerging markets, the performance of the PV market in Japan was also outstanding. The installed capacity of the PV market in Japan reached 2.5 GW, representing a significant growth as compared with that in last year. The Twelfth Five-Year Plan of Solar Power Generation Development ( 
0ASNN 0R 0) promulgated in July 2012 further increased the installed capacity targets to 21 GW and 50 GW by 2015 and 2020 respectively, doubling the original targets. On 26 October 2012, the Opinions for the Distributed Photovoltaic Power Generation and Grid Connection Services (ZP}YR_IQO|vuO} gRv]Oa) was issued by China s State Grid to support distributed solar power generation. In February 2013, State Grid in Beijing has further confirmed the grid-connection for qualified solar power generation, as well as natural gas, biomass, wind power, geothermal, tidal power and other integrated resources applications. On 19 December 2012, Wen Jiabao, Premier of the State Council of the PRC, chaired a standing meeting of the State Council to study the current situation of the PV industry and issue five policy measures to promote the healthy growth of it. The above information indicates that the Chinese government is determined to expand the application of solar power and to increase the domestic demand. The PV installed capacity in China in 2012 reached 4 GW or above, increased more than half of the installation in the previous year. It is expected that the PV installed capacity in China would reach as much as 10 GW in 2013.
A World Leader in Silicon Materials in terms of Technology, Cost and Quality As one of the most influential and competitive silicon materials manufacturers and suppliers in the world, GCL-Poly continues to maintain its market leadership and competitive advantages in polysilicon and wafer business. As a global leading company with a focus in technology, technological innovations continue to fuel the growth of GCL-Poly beyond its industry peers. We continue to expand our R&D team both in China and overseas, to enhance GCL production method through the application of the large-scale reduction furnaces and the improvement of systems and environmentally-friendly operations reaching world leading standards in various indices, as well as creating Green GDP and achieve harmony and benefits among shareholders, management and the society.
Regarding the research and development and the application of new technologies, we achieved a substantial progress in our GCL production method using silane-based technology. We successfully produced silane gas products with electronic grade quality in September 2012 and in January 2013 we successfully produced quality granular silicon with silane method and our production lines have met the advanced standards of the world, if not leading the industry peers. This reinforced GCL-Poly s leading position in manufacturing polysilicon material in the world, on the basis of further enhancement without 
We are optimistic that GCL-Poly will achieve further breakthroughs in both production technology, manufacturing cost and product quality and product mix of polysilicon in the next one to two years. GCL-Poly will also continue to maintain its leading position in the high-end polysilicon materials market.
Meanwhile, in the ingot and wafer area, GCL-Poly has continuously developed new products that are popular among our customers: In March 2012, we launched our high-efficiency product GCL Multi-Wafer S1+ (kYvf S1+) ; in October 2012, we again launched our high-efficiency product GCL Multi-Wafer S2 (kYvf S2) which notably increased the conversion efficiency of PV cells. In the future, GCL-Poly will launch more new wafer products as planned, with a view to enhancing the price-performance and value-adding nature of the products to our customers. We will continue to upgrade our manufacturing equipment and to enhance our process technology, as well as achieving breakthroughs in the usage of heat-shielding, diamond wire sawing and online recycling in our manufacturing business.
To tackle the temporary challenges of the industry, management will put stronger emphasis on cost control. The management took the initiatives to cut salary by 30 50% with respect to their performance, as well as to streamline and enhance the current company business management structure to achieve full expense control.
Outstanding Results of Overseas Solar Power Plants Business The solar power investment team of GCL-Poly achieved good results in 2012. On 25 July 2012, GCL Solar Energy. Inc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, closed the sale of a 92 MW solar power plant project in the United States to Consolidated Edison Development, Inc., a power company located on the East Coast of the United States, with total revenue of US$286 million and expected profit before tax of US$16 million. On 15 November 2012, the Company successfully sold two solar power plant projects in the United States with a total capacity of 48 MW and recorded total revenues of US$46 million. These two disposals demonstrated our execution capability in the development, construction and financing for large scale solar farms.
In China, GCL-Poly signed a cooperation framework agreement with China Merchants New Energy in 2012 to develop solar farm projects, pursuant to which both parties will jointly develop solar farms with an installed capacity of approximately 1 GW within the next three years. As at the end of August 2012, the Company obtained the approval from the National Energy Administration for the construction of a 310 MW ground solar power plant and a 30 MW rooftop solar power plant in Datong City, Shanxi Province and the preliminary works have been commenced. Upon completion, this project will become the largest solar farm in China and one of the largest standalone solar farms in the world. At the same time, the Company has established successful cooperation with several well-known international banks and financial institutions such as Wells Fargo, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Standard Chartered Bank and China Development Bank. All of them will provide strong financing support to GCL-Poly on its solar farm projects, which lays a solid foundation for GCL-Poly to expand its investment in solar farms in the United States and the other oversea regions.
For system integration, on 10 December 2012, the Company announced that it would arrange the solar module procurement for two 75 MW solar power plant projects which are currently the largest in South Africa. All the solar modules used in these projects are made from GCL-Poly s quality wafers. The Company signed the 20-year power purchase agreements for both projects with Eskom, a power company in South Africa. This transaction not only expanded sales channels for our wafers, but also proved our capability in providing solar system integration solutions for the international market. To strengthen our leadership in the solar industry, we continue to implement our dual-core strategy in both the upstream and downstream businesses. In the upstream market, we manufacture high quality polysilicon and wafers; while at downstream, we develop solar power plants and provide system integration services.

Stable Power Business Development Outperforms Peers In 2012, the power business continued to record stable development. The Company has continued to maximize the efficiencies of existing resources by means of centralized management, cost cutting measures and exploring new opportunities to ensure the sound and stable development of its power and steam businesses. As at the end of 2012, the Company sold 5,370,397 MWh of electricity, with a year-on-year increase of 12.0%, and 8,501,198 tonnes of steam, with a year-on-year rise of 12.4%. While ensuring stable growth of the business, the Company also adopted various measures including coal purchasing cost controls, bulk purchasing of resources, expansion of steam supply, and vigorous efforts in steam-price adjustment. The financial results for the electricity business in 2012 showed our clear advantage when compared with the industry peers.
While devoting all our effort to the solar business development, we will ensure our environmentally friendly power business development remain healthy and stable. On one hand, we will adopt proactive measures to cope with fluctuations in fuel prices and ensure effective development of the power business. On the other hand, we will further optimize our business mix in accordance with carbon neutral principles by increasing our investments in clean and renewable energy, and raising the proportion of power plants biomass and gas power generation.
Social Responsibilities and Honors As a global leading enterprise that has long been engaged in the development of renewable energy, GCL-Poly is well aware of its responsibilities to environmental protection and social contribution. While ensuring our manufacturing activities to be in compliance with national environmental standards, we also actively participated in various public welfare activities and gained positive feedbacks from the society. On 22 February 2012, GCL-Poly Energy Holdings Limited was honored as the Model Charity Unit in Suzhou (]HaUjuQUMO) by the Municipal Government of Suzhou. In March 2012, our Company was recognized as China s Creditability Enterprises , was the only power company received such accolade. In June 2012, GCL Poly was awarded 2012 Best Brand Image Enterprise during the China s Financial Summit; In November 2012, the Company was chosen to be the Top 100 Listed Companies in Hong Kong. During the same month, the Company Chairman also received the 2nd Golden Bauhinia Most Influential Leader Award . In 2013, we will continue to use our best effort to actively serve the society by creating jobs, making charitable donations and taking an active role in public welfare.

As a result of technological innovation, economy of scale of polysilicon production, as well as solar cell technology improvements in China, lower costs of solar power generation is achieved, thus providing a favorable position for China to develop domestic PV market in a meaningful scale. China is set to become one of the world s largest country for renewable 
At the same time, in the face of increasing global environmental issues and the depletion of fossil-based energy resources, various governments also put focus on the development and usage of new energy, such as photovoltaic solar energy and other clean energies, have become the future energy strategy development focus. The negative impact to the solar industry development resulted from the current international trade protection and barriers, as well as the existing supply and demand imbalance, is only a temporary phenomenon. With the rapid rise of emerging markets such as Japan, Latin America, South Africa, ASEAN countries and the Middle East, we have full confidence in the future prospects of the solar industry.
With reduction in production costs along the entire PV value chain, higher product conversion efficiency rates and the growth of emerging markets, we believe that there will be substantial growth of demand in the PV industry. In the first quarter of 2013, the market price of polysilicon increased from the lowest of US$15 per kilogram to US$18 per kilogram. The prices of wafers, cells and modules for the downstream industry steadily increase. As market demand slowly grows, the capacity utilization in the various segments of the industry has increased, as compared to the fourth quarter of the previous year.
This year, we will continue to increase our emphasis on technological enhancements this year, such that we could lower our polysilicon and wafer manufacturing cost to improve our profitability and cash flow. Meanwhile, we are making great progress with modifying our power sources for polysilicon manufacturing projects in Xuzhou. The final confirmation of power sources for polysilicon manufacturing projects will eventually bring positive impacts to our profitability and polysilicon manufacturing cost structure significantly, and further expand our global cost leadership in polysilicon manufacturing. In order to improve the company fundamentals of long-term investments, we will also actively seek the use of low-cost long-term financing products to strengthen our capital structure and solidify our operations.
Finally, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our Directors, management team and all the staff members of GCL- Poly for their efforts and hard work over the past year. I also wish to extend my gratitude to our shareholders and business partners for their continuing support.

Hong Kong, 14 March 2013 