Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I hereby report the following operating results of GCL-Poly in 2014. For the year ended 31 December 2014, GCL-Poly recorded revenue of approximately HK$37.225 billion, representing a 45.8% increase as compared with the same period in 2013. Gross profit was approximately HK$7.65 billion, a 151.7% increase as compared with the same period in 2013. Profit attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately HK$1.96 billion.
Basic earnings per share was HK 12.62 cents. The operating environment of photovoltaic ( PV ) industry saw a significant improvement in 2014. Following accelerated technological advancement of global PV industry, small and medium enterprises that lacked the technology and competitiveness in the complete industry chain were eliminated through competition, reaching an equilibrium of supply and demand of effective capacity. The industry continued to undergo technological reform during which new technology, new equipment and new process were introduced continuously, products of high conversion efficiency rate were launched and application cost of PV technology fell significantly. Despite that global trade conflicts still hindered the development of global PV industry in the near term, China emerged as the largest PV application market in the world where GCL-Poly remained as the most competitive market player, given continuous expansion of global PV market and application scope. As a leading enterprise in global silicon materials industry, GCL-Poly spared no effort to boost its core competitiveness by way of technological innovation, R&D and promotion of products of high conversion efficiency rate, improvement in process technology, production efficiency and cost control strictly in line with market demand. GCL-Poly also extended its competitive advantages in upstream and downstream sectors of the industry chain such that our 2014 annual results outperformed the market. Our massive launch of high-efficiency products has set off a trend in PV industry.
According to the latest industry data published by various market research institutes, the scale of global solar energy market was approximately 44 GW in 2014, representing a certain increase compared with 37 GW in 2013. The report stated that distributed PV electricity generation pushed the entire market to a modest upward trend in 2014. The report also pointed out that Asia, North America, Latin America and South Africa were the key markets. China ranked top with a new installation scale of 11.9 GW. In addition, the market scale in Japan witnessed a significant increase to 9.5 GW followed by 6.4 GW in the United States. In contrast to the robust market in China, Japan and the US, the European market witnessed a slight decline with the market size of approximately 9.2 GW. Among emerging markets, South Africa, India, Thailand, Chile, Mexico and Turkey had strong performance contributing to a total scale of 3 GW.
CONTINUOUS ADVANCEMENT IN NEW SILICON MATERIALS TECHNOLOGIES AND PRODUCTS, COMPLETION OF VARIOUS TARGETS AND A NEW HIGH IN GLOBAL 
As one of the most influential and competitive silicon material manufacturers and suppliers in the world, the Company achieved remarkable technological advancement and product competitiveness in 2014 due to increase in R&D investment. As at the end of December 2014, the PV business completed a total production of 66,876 MT and sales of 15,443 MT of polysilicon, a production of 13,098 MW and sales of 12,909 MW of wafers, and the Company has fully achieved the manufacturing and sales targets. The Company s estimated global market shares of polysilicon and wafers are 28% and 29% respectively, both ranking top of the world.
In 2014 we commenced trial production of polysilicon based on silane-based FBR technology, of which various work proceed smoothly at present. Meanwhile, the Company has achieved significant product efficiency improvement from the ongoing R&D on current modified Siemens method of polysilicon. In the future, we will maintain our focus on technology and R&D innovations, improvement in project economics, enhancement of management standard and ensuring high-quality, low-cost production. In addition, the highly-anticipated captive power plant project of Jiangsu Zhongneng, has passed the environmental evaluation and received approval from the Ministry of Environmental Protection of the PRC on 26 January, 2015 and other relevant approval procedures progressed smoothly. The completion of this project can significantly increase the comprehensive energy efficiency and reduce the production cost of the Company. This will enable GCL-Poly to continue its leadership in the high-end polysilicon material market.

On 6 November, 2014, GCL-Poly announced at the sixth China (Wuxi) International Conference and Exhibition on New Energy that the R&D of the third generation of high-efficiency multi-crystalline wafer product, GCL Multi-Wafer S3+, has again achieved great success. Meanwhile, the trial average conversion efficiency among the key customers of the new S3+ has reached 18.1% 18.2%. The new product has a good stability and was well received by customers. Previously the second and third generation of GCL Multi-Wafer S2 and S3 have already gained high recognition from the customers and have become the industry leading benchmark of high-efficiency multi-crystalline wafer products. The launch of GCL Multi-Wafer S3+ were immediately well received by the market. The quality of GCL Multi-Wafer S3+ have significantly improved compared to previous generation and this can help the customers constantly increase the conversion efficiency of crystalline silicon solar cells. In addition, for the wafer production, the Group has made a remarkable achievement in the upgrading and transformation of ingot furnaces, optimization of high-efficiency multi-crystalline ingot casting, the design and manufacturing of large-sized high-purity crucibles, which has solidified the Company s No.1 place in global market share of wafers.
MAKING A MARKET MIRACLE FOR NEW DEVELOPMENT PLATFORM OF THE SOLAR FARM GCL NEW ENERGY On 9 May 2014, GCL-Poly completed the subscription of shares of Same Time (0451.HK), which was officially renamed to GCL New Energy Holdings Limited and started operation in the solar energy business. On 25 March 2015, GCL New Energy announced that the total capacity of its solar farms under construction as well as operational power installed capacity completed with approval for on-grid connection have reached 1.26 GW. Meanwhile, GCL New Energy provides operation and management services to GCL-Poly for its solar farms with installed capacity of 353 MW. GCL New Energy has established investment development companies in more than 20 provinces across the country, while the building of distributive and proprietary development teams have also been completed. GCL New Energy targets 2GW of additional grid-connected installation in 2015.
STABLE POWER BUSINESS OUTPERFORMED PEERS In 2014, the power business continued to record stable performance. The Company, through centralized management and cost control measures, was able to maximize the efficiencies of existing resources resulting in stable development of its power and steam businesses. At the end of December 2014, the Company sold 5,903 GWh of electricity and 8,616,443 tonnes of steam with a 2.6% and 2.6% year-on-year increase and decrease, respectively. While ensuring stable growth of the business, the Company also adopted various measures including cost control on coal purchasing, bulk purchase of resources, increase in steam supply, and strengthened efforts to increase steam-prices. All these measures enabled our power business to achieve encouraging annual financial results in 2014 when compared with peer power operators.

As a global leading enterprise that has long been engaged in the development of renewable energy, GCL-Poly is well aware of its responsibilities to environmental protection and social contribution. While ensuring our power generation and manufacturing activities to be in compliance with national environmental standards, we also actively participated in various public welfare activities, such as Sunshine Love and Care Action (}IQaLR), 20 Sunshine primary schools project (20 @b}IQx[R) and Higher Education Subsidies (I{YeNsRx[W) organized by GCL-Poly Sunshine Charity Fund, disaster relief and care for lives of the poor. Over the years, we have initiated and participated in over 100 charitable events and gained positive feedbacks from the society. In 2014, GCL-Poly was honored as Annual Outstanding Contribution to China s New Energy Industry Award , 2014 China Energy Green Energy Model Enterprise Award , 2014 Top Ten SNEC Highlights Terawatt Diamond Award and China Securities Golden Bauhinia Awards The Best Listed Company , which showed trust and recognition from the industries to GCL-Poly. In 2015, we will continue to make active contribution to the society by creating jobs, charity donation, public welfare and otherwise possible ways.

Due to the continuous decrease in the cost of solar power generation, the global demand for PV will continue to grow in 2015 and there will be a huge wave of installation. Implementation Plan of Construction of PV Power Generation by National Energy Administration of China in 2015 confirms the target of additional solar power installed capacity in 2015 will be 17.8 GW. In 2016, PV market in the United States will reduce subsidies in preliminary installation which will enable the market in the United States in 2015 to surge. Meanwhile, the market demand from emerging markets such as Latin America, the Middle East and Africa will also reach over GW. Market research predicts that the global PV installation will increase by 16% 25%, or between 53 GW and 57 GW in 2015. We believe that China, Japan and the United States are still the biggest new energy markets in 2015.
In 2015, we will continue with our technological innovation to promote the project of granular silicon, the development of high-efficiency mono and multi-crystalline ingot growth process, the R&D of high-efficiency S series and G series products to expand the breadth and depth of our products offering, guide and satisfy the demand of PV market towards the higher end of high-efficiency wafers products. This will further improve product differentiation and core competitiveness of our products and maintain the Company s leading position in global market of polysilicon and wafers. Meanwhile, we will constantly improve the standard of customer service, create a customer technical support and information platform, enhance customer experience and work closely with leading brands in solar cell and modules to establish a good image of first-class, high- efficiency wafer supplier. By constantly increasing product efficiency and reducing the production costs, we will continue to reduce the unit generation cost of solar power unit to achieve grid-parity soon.
Finally, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our Directors, management team and all the staff members of GCL- Poly for their efforts and hard work in 2014. I also wish to extend my gratitude to our shareholders and business partners for their strong support over the past year.

Hong Kong, 26 March 2015 