Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I hereby report the following operating results of GCL in 2013. For the year ended 31 December 2013, GCL recorded total revenue of approximately HK$25.53 billion, representing a 14.2% increase as compared with the same period in 2012. Gross profit was approximately HK$3.04 billion, a 73.8% increase as compared with the same period in 2012. Losses attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately HK$0.66 billion. Basic losses per share was HK4.29 cents, representing an improvement of 81.1% as compared with the same period in 2012. In early 2013, the Company s performance was still affected by unfavourable factors such as overcapacity along the solar value chain, EU s anti-dumping and countervailing investigation on China s PV products, solar subsidy adjustment and dumping of polysilicon into China from overseas manufacturers. However, due to the close attention paid by the Chinese government and supportive policies were launched in waves, China PV market recovered quickly in large scale. Meanwhile, increase in demand in the PV markets of Japan and United States was the result of supports from their respective governments. Following the final ruling announcement from the China Ministry of Commerce on the anti-dumping and countervailing investigation against solar grade polysilicon imported from the United States and South Korea, the price of polysilicon, wafers and other PV products in China bottomed out while demands picked up quickly. The Company s performance in 2013 improved significantly as compared with 2012 and especially during the second half of 2013.
The overall business turned around to profitability. We believe global PV market will perform better in 2014.
We estimate that global new solar farm installation was 35 37 GW in 2013, an increase of approximately 10% 15% over 2012. In terms of new solar farm installation, China, Japan, and the United States were the three largest markets. According to the statistics from the China National Energy Administration, the new PV installations in China reached 9.5 GW in 2013. Before that, no country was able to increase new PV installation in excess of 8 GW within a year. China s outstanding performance exceeded the most optimistic forecast of the majority of analysts made a year ago. According to the latest statistics of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan, the new PV installed capacity in Japan was 3.97GW from 1 April to 31 October 2013. Market consensus expects Japan s annual installed capacity could reach 7 8GW in 2013. The latest quarterly report on North American PV market shows that the new PV installation in the United States hit a record high of 4.75 GW in 2013, representing a 15% increase over 2012, thereby ranking the United States as one of the major solar farm markets in the world. Due to subsidy cut and other factors, the new PV installation in Europe declined notably in 2013 as compared with 2012, even though the total new installations reached 10 GW. Among these new installations, Germany and Italy contributed 3.5 GW and 2 GW, respectively. Meanwhile, other emerging markets, including Australia, India, South Africa, and Thailand, also experienced remarkable growth in new solar farm installations in 2013. Emerging markets have taken up a larger market share in the global solar farm market and hence have become a huge driving force for new solar farm development. We expect that the global new PV installations will be 40 45 GW in 2014.
By Increasing Investment in R&D, the Company Achieved Remarkable Technological Advancement and Improved Product Competitiveness As one of the most influential and competitive silicon materials manufacturers and suppliers in the world, GCL-Poly achieved remarkable technological advancement and product competitiveness in 2013 due to increase in R&D investment. Last year, the Company sold 16,329 MT of polysilicon and 9.3 GW of wafers, representing an increase of 29.7% and 66.2%, respectively, as compared with the same period in 2012. At the same time, we were able to achieve continued cost reduction in every quarter. In 2013, we successfully produced high-quality granular silicon using silane-based technology, which had reached world class standard with respect to similar production facilities of global peers. After over a year trial run, we will begin the silane-based polysilicon production into large-scale commercial production in 2014. Meanwhile, the Company will continue to strive for product efficiency improvement on current modified Siemens method as well as continued cost reduction. In the future, we will keep on our focus on technology and R&D innovations, improvement in project economics, enhancement of management skill and ensuring high-quality, low-cost production. This will enable GCL to continue its leadership in the high-end polysilicon 
In the first half of 2013, GCL-Poly successfully launched its new wafer product S3 in SNEC 2013 Exhibition held in Shanghai. This product was well-received by the market. In order to continue this momentum in the second half of the year, we launched the second-generation GCL quasi-mono Wafer G2 (kUvf) in a press conference held in December 2013. At the same time, we announced immediate mass commercial production of this new product.
According to the data from laboratory tests provided by a number of our customers, when compared with the first-generation mono-wafer product launched in 2011, the average conversion efficiency of GCL quasi-mono Wafer G2 has increased 1.1%, in which the conversion efficiency is close to direct-pulling monocrystalline ingot. Moreover, when compared with direct-pulling monocrystalline ingot, there is a 0.5% higher efficiency gain, a 1.8% increase in area and a 1% lower average luminous decay for G2 . With its performance improves significantly, the product can be used to manufacture module panel with output over 280335W (6072PCS). GCL quasi-mono Wafer G2 is positioned for the mainstream application in the high-end silicon market which reflects GCL s demand-oriented strategy in product R&D. It will provide a very competitive wafer product for our customers resulting in the increase of our market share.
The Company Reported Excellent Results in Solar Farm Business and Expect Higher Growth with the New Platform The GCL solar power investment team attained excellent results in 2013. At the end of December 2013, GCL owned 1 GW of overseas pipeline projects. In China, GCL accelerated the investment in the solar farm business with new installations totalled 270MW during the year. GCL has announced to acquire 67.99% new shares of Same Time Holdings Limited, a listed company in Hong Kong. The new platform will potentially deploy for the development of solar farm business in the future. Through this transaction, GCL is able to capitalize on its brand name, enable higher growth in the solar farm business and as a result, will benefit our shareholders.
Stable Power Business Outperformed Peers In 2013, the power business continued to record stable performance. The Company, through centralized management and cost control measures, was able to maximize the efficiencies of existing resources resulting in stable development of its power and steam businesses. In 2013, the Company sold 5,840,653 MWh of electricity and 8,850,776 tonnes of steam with a 8.8% and 4.1% year-on-year increase, respectively. While ensuring stable growth of the business, the Company also adopted various measures including cost control on coal purchasing, bulk purchase of resources, increase steam sales, and try every possible ways to increase steam-prices. All these measures enabled us to achieve encouraging financial results in 2013 when compared with peer power operators.
While devoting our effort to the development of solar business, we will ensure our environmentally friendly power business development to remain healthy and stable. On one hand, we will adopt proactive measures to cope with fluctuations in fuel prices and ensure effective development of the power business. On the other hand, we will further optimize our business mix in accordance with carbon neutral principles by increasing our investments in clean and renewable energy, thus raising the proportion of waste incineration and gas power generation.

As a global leading enterprise that has long been engaged in the development of renewable energy, GCL is well aware of its responsibilities to environmental protection and social contribution. While ensuring our power generation and manufacturing activities to be in compliance with national environmental standards, we also actively participated in various public welfare activities and gained positive feedbacks from the society. In last year as well as this year, as a CPPCC member, I proposed government legislations to improve the subsidy mechanism for renewable energy, including streamline subsidy collection methods and procedures, simplify regulatory control on subsidy supervision and lower the associated risk of distributed solar installation, increase the likelihood of project financing and define the settlement mechanism of Feed-in Tariff. In the future, I will continue to make legislation proposals in relation to environmental protection and clean energy.

On 20 April 2013, Ya an in Sichuan province was hit by a 7.0 Richter scale earthquake, GCL immediately mobilized volunteers to the disaster areas with relief supplies. At the same time, the Company also organized an internal donation campaign as a way of showing our care to the disaster areas.
On 29 October 2013, I was elected as the chief chairman of the second session of the Executive Committee at the fifth general meeting of the first session of the Asian Fifth Council Photovoltaic Industry Association (APVIA).
Moreover, GCL was honored the APVIA Award for Industrial Contribution 2013, Green China Environmental Achievement Award 2013, and Highest Growing Potential Enterprise of China Securities Golden Bauhinia Awards.
This indicates the society s trust and assurance of GCL. In 2014, we will continue to try our best effort in serving the society by means of creating jobs, making charitable donations and taking an active role in public welfare.

In 2013, the PRC government rolled out a total of six supportive policies to bolster the healthy development of the PV industry. The National Development and Reform Commission announced the implementation of the policy in relation to electricity subsidy for distributed PV solar farms. The 2014 National Energy Conference held on 13 January indicated that new PV installation in China is expected to reach 14 GW this year. Separately, China has released a series of policies regarding industry regulations and consolidation to support industry leaders and best- in-class enterprises. Also, in this year s State of the Union, President Barack Obama proposed an aggressive plan to develop solar energy by reducing USD4 billion funding for fossil fuels, which will in turn be used for the development of solar energy. We expect that the PV market in the United States will maintain strong momentum with installed capacity reaching 6.5 GW in 2014. The demand from residential and commercial installation projects will see a booming trend which will account for over 45% on total demand. In addition, due to strong demand for solar energy, the new PV capacity in Japan will reach 7-8 GW. We believe that as the demand increase in major markets such as China, Japan, and the United States as well as in emerging markets such as India, South Africa, Australia, Chile and Mexico, PV global demand will grow at an accelerated rate.
In 2014, we will continue with our technological innovations and increase our R&D spending in order to keep on our progress in expanding the width and depth of our production lines and upgrading the quality of granular silicon, S series and G series wafer products while developing N-type mono-wafer products. This will improve product differentiation and core competitiveness of our products. It will satisfy demands on different segments of wafer products in the PV market. Meanwhile, we maintain our customer centric and market-oriented approach, as well as maintaining our leadership in cost, quality and performance, so as to further expand our market share. To pinpoint the fast-growing demand for distributed PV power, we will strengthen system integration and provide tailor-made commercial, residential, energy storage, micro-grid and off-grid solutions to our customers. We will also provide cloud platform to our customers for a one-stop solution incorporating product certification, financing, insurance and EPC services. By means of merging and acquiring solar farms, combining high-performance components produced in-house and our quality customer resources, we can develop solar farms with even higher performance and quality. At the same time, we are preparing restructuring of our asset structure and reasonably utilizing financial products to improve our debt structure and gearing ratio, in order to ensure healthy development and improve profitability. With our own effort, GCL-Poly will continue to strive for value-creation for our shareholders, customers and our society, and reiterating our role as industry forerunner resulting in sustainable operation. We are confident that we can further promote industry cost reduction and improvement in power generation efficiency, leading to less reliance on government subsidies and soon after attain grid-parity.
Finally, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our Directors, management team and all the staff members of GCL for their efforts and hard work over the past year. I also wish to extend my gratitude to our shareholders and business partners for their continuing support.

Hong Kong, 13 March 2014 