Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to report that GCL-Poly achieved outstanding operating results in 2011. For the financial year ended 31 December 2011, GCL-Poly recorded revenue of HK$25.51 billion, representing an increase of 38.1% as compared with HK$18.47 billion for the same period in 2010. Net profit for 2011 was HK$4.27 billion.
2011 was an exceptional year for the world economy and the photovoltaic industry met with the toughest winter.
Due to objective factors such as the European debt crisis and industry over-capacity, the market prices of photovoltaic ( PV ) products dropped significantly during the year bringing forth strong operation challenge to PV companies.
However, GCL-Poly continued to lead the industry as the world s largest manufacturer of low-cost, high-quality polysilicon and wafer. We adjusted our engineering, research and development ( R&D ), production operations, and marketing strategies at the right time with reference to market changes. We have maintained our leadership in the industry in terms of company size, production costs, and product quality by means of methods such as construction adjustments, new product development, production improvement, high efficiency cost reduction as well as motivational policies to achieve outstanding results.
2011 was a year of significant development for GCL-Poly. After technological upgrades and capacity expansion, our annual production capacity of polysilicon has reached 65,000 MT at the end of 2011 and annual production capacity of wafer increased to 8GW at the end of 2011. These achievements fully demonstrate GCL-Poly s strong capabilities in infrastructural construction and supply chain procurement. Projects of GCL-Poly s subsidiaries, which included the 780MW wafer project (Phase I) of Taicang Wafer and the 600MW wafer project of Xuzhou Wafer, were on stream one by one, signaling a milestone in the construction and development history of GCL-Poly. The official commencement of construction of Suzhou GCL-Poly Industrial Application Research Institute Co., Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of GCL-Poly, laid the foundation of another new step in GCL-Poly s development of cutting edge technology. In October 2011, GCL-Poly announced the establishment of GCL-Poly Solar Power System Integration (Taicang) Co., Ltd., which officially launched the global solar system integration business and building a global carrier brand in the PV industry. GCL-Poly has been working closely with large state-owned companies such as China Guangdong Nuclear Power Group ( CGN ) to accelerate the development and adoption of solar power in order to push forward clean energy applications.
Moving into 2012, GCL-Poly will continue to take a great step forward in business development. We have already become the world s largest production, research and development base for silicon materials. The Company will also make significant progress in system integration and development of solar farm projects both in China and overseas, and become an expert in providing solutions for global solar system power generation. In January, we signed a framework agreement with China Merchants New Energy Group Limited to jointly build the best and most professional rooftop solar power system operating platform. In February, we formed a joint venture with NRG Solar LLC ( NRG ), a leading PV project developer in the United States. We also co-invested with Bank of America Merrill Lynch to fund GCL-Poly s municipal solar power system project in the United States. Developing system integration and solar farm projects conform to our dual-core strategy upstream production of polysilicon and wafer and downstream system integration and solar farm development. This has ensured GCL-Poly with a core competitive advantage which helps us to maintain our leadership position in the industry.

Accelerated Development of Silicon Materials Business and Strengthened Competitive Advantages as a Leading Enterprise in the Global PV Industry 1. To increase overall quality and economy of scale and to decrease production cost substantially in order to establish leading position in the global industry Being the most influential and competitive silicon material manufacturer and supplier in the world, GCL-Poly continues to expand its polysilicon and wafer business. The following statistics demonstrate strongly our leading market position and competitive advantages: we sold 2,812 MT of polysilicon and 4.451 GW of wafer respectively for the year ended December 31, 2011. A total revenue of HK$20,460 million was recorded, which rose by 45.7% on a year-on-year basis. Polysilicon production cost and wafer processing cost were lowered to US$18.6 per kilogram and US$0.13 per W, respectively as at the end of December 2011. Our cost advantages enabled us to be the market leader in the world. With continuous improvement in product quality, all polysilicon has reached electronic grade and wafer production yield rate is above 94%. At the end of December 2011, our annual production capacity of polysilicon reached 65,000 MT and annual production capacity of wafer reached 8 GW.
2. A Fully Upgraded R&D System with Innovative Technological Achievement In June 2011, Suzhou GCL-Poly Industrial Application Research Institute Co., Ltd was established. In July, the construction of GCL-Poly s US R&D Analysis and Testing Centre was completed. Adding on with the scientific research capability of the existing US R&D Centre and the Xuzhou R&D Centre, as well as our cooperation with various higher education R&D units on technology breakthrough, we are able to constantly improve our production techniques, resulting in upgrading GCL-Poly from a manufacturing-oriented enterprise to a manufacturing company with hi-tech scientific research capability. Meanwhile, we constantly strengthen our innovation-driven capability by increasing our R&D investment. Currently, many of our new technologies have outstanding performance in our production process and applications; enable us to be a world leader in technology, cost and quality. GCL-Poly is further accelerating its technological innovation. The Company has completed several major technical upgrades for its polysilicon projects, and we have turned these technical know-how into our patents. While further improving the capability of the hydrochlorination process, we continue to optimise the recycling technology and improve the distillation system to ensure that we can produce high quality polysilicon with low energy consumption.
GCL-Poly highly regards technology development and values the important functions perform by our high-tech specialists in our production processes. The Company has adopted the employee stock options scheme to encourage and motivate the initiatives of our technical staff in research and innovation. Meanwhile, GCL-Poly is leading the way in reducing the costs of polysilicon and various components along the PV value chain, which contributes remarkably to grid parity power generation for the global PV industry.

3. Embracing our Customers and Working with Strong Leaders in the Market Strategy is the Key to 
In 2011, GCL-Poly continued to implement its market strategy of embracing our customers and working with strong leaders in the market . We have established long-term strategic cooperation relationship with global leading solar cell and module manufacturers such as Canadian Solar, Trina Solar, JA Solar, Suntech, Hareon and China Sunergy as well as setting up wafer slicing plants in the vicinity of their factories in order to build up close sales links with our customers. We have also built new plants through joint ventures with customers such as Canadian Solar and Goldpoly to further deepen the win-win strategic cooperation. In addition, customer adhesion is enhanced by new products such as GCL Quasi-Mono Wafer (kUvf) which helps us to increase our market share. So far, this market strategy has been well recognised and appreciated.
Outstanding Results of Domestic and Overseas Solar Farm Project Development The solar power investment team of GCL-Poly achieved better results in 2011. Due to factors such as innovation, technological improvement and cost reduction across the industry, the silicon material cost has fallen, narrowing the gap between the power generation cost of solar power and the conventional energy sources and therefore gradually reducing government subsidies for solar energy. Solar power, with promising future, is being used in adjusting the energy portfolios of many countries and will play an important role in the development of energy economies. Therefore, the Company is pushing forward rapidly on the development of our downstream solar farm projects, and our system integration business with our solar farm pipeline projects steadily progressing. In China, GCL-Poly has further strengthened its strategy to cooperate with large state-owned enterprises such as signing cooperation agreements with CGN and China Merchants New Energy Group respectively. Being an influential enterprise in the PV upstream industry, we have advantages not only in distinct cost structure but also in the development of downstream solar farm projects as well as in brand recognition and financing. All of these advantages have been crucial in obtaining strong support on our cooperation with state-owned enterprises in domestic solar farm project development. At the same time, the Company has established successful cooperation with several renowned international banks and financial institutions including Wells Fargo and Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Both of them will finance GCL-Poly s overseas solar farm projects as well as in the United States and laid the foundation for further development. This new business model was successfully developed by the Company.
Stable Power Business Development Outperforms Peers In 2011, under the adverse market environment of rising coal prices and priced-controlled electricity tariffs, the Company has continued to maximise the efficiencies of existing resources by means of centralised management, cost cutting measures and exploring new opportunities in order to ensure the sound and stable development of its power and steam businesses. During the year ended 31 December 2011, the Company sold 4.79 billion kWh of electricity, with a year-on-year increase of 1.8%, and 7,565,162 tonnes of steam, with a year-on-year rise of 7.4%, and realised sales revenue of HK$4.99 billion.

While ensuring stable growth of the business, the Company also adopted various measures including coal purchasing cost controls, bulk material procurement, increase in steam supply, and driving steam-price adjustment proactively.
These combined measures have helped us to achieve better financial results in 2011, when compared with the 
As a global leading enterprise that has long been engaged in the development of renewable energy, GCL-Poly is well aware of its responsibilities to environmental protection and social contribution. The Company effectively recycles 100% of various by-products of polysilicon production, and we ensure that our manufacturing facilities comply with national environmental standards. All our cogeneration power plants are equipped with desulphurisation facilities, which can significantly reduce the emission of sulphur dioxide. Meanwhile, we have actively served the society with our best endeavours by creating jobs, making charitable donations and taking an active part in public welfare. Through our annual Sunshine Love and Care Action (}IQaLR) programme, we have extended our sincerity and loving care to rehabilitation centres, orphanages and schools in mountain areas in the mainland. In 2011, Yan Oi GCL Charity Fund was approved by Career Development Centre of China Red Cross Foundation and was officially established. The fund is a publicly raised fund jointly set up by GCL Group and Career Development Centre of Red Cross Foundation, and is managed by Red Cross Innovation Foundation. It will face the public and communicate the important message of humanity and charity spirit to the society. Furthermore, we have contributed to the China sports development by sponsoring Jiangsu Sainty Football Club (_l)YtOj) for the whole 2011 league season.

Energy shortages and environmental pollution are two major challenges which human beings will encounter in the long run. The exploration of renewable energies and the development of a low-carbon economy are the important ways to overcome these two challenges and they are also seen as important opportunities for the development of emerging industries. As one of the most sustainable renewable energy sources, solar power is drawing more and more attention and support from governments. The benefits derived from the economies of scale of both upstream and downstream enterprises have lowered the production costs, resulting in the product selling prices decreasing rapidly. It will also help to lower the power generation cost of the whole system. Coupled with the opening of emerging solar markets and the supportive programmes, the investment returns of PV industry will be greatly enhanced. We believe that this year will be a year of remarkable progress.
According to the latest report issued by the European Photovoltaic Industry Association ( EPIA ), global PV systems connected to the grid increased by 11 GW from 2010 to 27.7 GW in 2011. Total installed PV capacity worldwide reached over 67.4 GW, indicating that PV is now the third most important renewable energy after hydro and wind power in terms of worldwide installed capacity. Although the European debt crisis has not been fundamentally resolved, and the global economy is still in turmoil, solar power will become more and more competitive as the cost of the whole PV value chain fell rapidly. In 2012, solar power will certainly see greater development. We expect that globally PV installed capacity will range between 25 30 GW this year. China, the United States and European countries such as Germany and Italy will be the major solar user markets. Other Asian and Middle East countries such as India, Japan, Korea, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Israel, have respectively launched their own national plans to develop solar power, which will provide new growth engines for the global PV industry.

China s renewable energy industry possesses future development and bright prospects, particularly with enormous potential and tremendous business opportunities in the PV sector. The Notice of Solar Feed-in-Tariff Policy from National Development and Reform Commission ( W[|vU9eiYe[U*Y}IQO|v 
issued by NDRC on 24 July 2011 marked a major milestone of PV industry. We believe that the benchmark on-grid tariff policy for solar energy will play a crucial role in opening up the PV application market in China. We believe China will devote great effort to develop the PV industry in the future and will transform from a country which manufactures PV products to a major user of PV products. Market estimates suggest that China s PV installations may reach 4-5GW this year.
For our silicon material business, the project of technological improvement and capacity expansion of Jiangsu Zhongneng Polysilicon Technology Development Co., Ltd. has reached its full capacity. We are confident in lowering the polysilicon production cost to US$18 per kilogram by the end of 2012 through technological upgrades and reduction of energy consumption in order to ensure that our gross profit margin will be maintained at a level which is higher than the industry norm. In 2012, we will continue to devote all our efforts to develop our wafer business and further lower the wafer processing cost via excellent manufacturing capability, technological improvement and strong supply chain management.
GCL-Poly will continue to expand its system integration and solar farm business in China, the United States and other emerging markets, increase the PV project pipelines and satisfy the demand for rapid business development.
We anticipate that we will become the global leading solar power generation company in three years.
While devoting all our effort to develop the solar business, we will ensure the healthy and stable development of our environmentally friendly power business. On one hand, we will adopt proactive measures to cope with fluctuations in fuel prices and ensure effective development of the power business. On the other hand, we will further optimise our business mix in accordance with carbon neutral principles by increasing our investments in clean and renewable energy, and raising the proportion of power generation from incineration and natural gas 
Finally, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our Directors, management team and all the staffs of GCL-Poly for their effort and hard work over the past year. I also wish to extend my gratitude to our shareholders and business partners for their continuing support.
Zhu Gong Shan 
Hong Kong, 15 March 2012 