Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to report that revenue of the Group for the financial year 2007 amounted to HK$1,892.6 million, representing an increase of 108% compared to year 2006. Operating profit (gross profit and other income minus administrative expenses) amounted to HK$269.3 million, representing an increase of 61% compared to year 2006.

The Group was successfully listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 13 November 2007, which was an important milestone in our development. After listing, we continue our business strategy in developing environmental friendly and renewable energy projects and aims at becoming one of the world s leading environmental friendly enterprise.
Priced at the maximum offer price of HK$4.1 per share, the initial public offering raised a net proceeds of approximately HK$1,042 million. In accordance with the use of proceeds stated in our Prospectus, the acquisition of a 30.6% equity interest in the Funing Cogeneration Plant, a 100% equity interest in the Puyuan Cogeneration Plant, a 100% equity interest in the Xinneng Cogeneration Plant, a 100% equity interest in the Suzhou Fuel Company have been completed by 31 December 2007. The acquisition of a 49% equity interest in the China Resources Beijing Cogeneration Plant and the acquisition of 100% equity interest in Huitengliang Project Company have also been completed on 2 January 2008 and 28 March 2008 respectively.
Upon completion of the above acquisitions (excluding China Resources Beijing Cogeneration Plant and Huitengliang Project Company), the attributable installed capacity of our Group was increased from 558MW to 594MW, by 6.5% approximately. Our business in PRC has been further expanded.
As disclosed in our Prospectus, some of our installed capacity have undergone expansions during the 
Jiaxing Cogeneration Plant installed one additional generator (no. 3 generator) and one additional boiler (no. 3 boiler). Expansion work was completed in July 2007. The additional installation increased the plant s generation capacity from 30MW to 36MW. The construction of no. 4 boiler was also commenced in November 2007.
Xinneng Cogeneration Plant installed one additional generator (no. 2 generator) and one additional boiler (no. 3 boiler). No. 3 boiler expansion work was completed in November 2007 and no. 2 generator was completed in February 2008. The additional installation increased the plant s generation capacity from 6MW to 21MW.
Rudong Cogeneration Plant installed one additional boiler (no. 3 boiler) with a capacity of 75 tonh. Expansion work was completed in December 2007.
Baoying Cogeneration Plant installed one additional boiler (no. 3 boiler) with a capacity of 75 tonh.
and upgraded two existing boilers to using biomass as its fuel. Expansion work was completed in September 2007. As a result of the plant being certified as a biomass fueled power plant. The on grid tariff was increased from RMB469MWh to RMB646MWh on 1 November 2007.

BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) Lianyungang Xiexin Cogeneration Plant installed one additional boiler (no. 3 boiler) and upgraded two existing boilers. Expansion work was completed in September 2007. As a result of the plant being certified as a biomass fueled power plant, The on grid tariff was increased from RMB469 MWh to RMB646MWh on 6 November 2007.
Puyuan Cogeneration Plant commenced construction work of no. 3 boiler (with 90 tonne per hour capacity) and no. 3 generator (15MW) in November 2007.
These upgrades to the plants were in line with our expansion plan and increase their capacity to produce electricity andor steam. Especially for Baoying Cogeneration Plant and Lianyungang Xiexin Cogeneration Plant, we are able to secure higher electricity tariff and on-grid power supply during the year by upgrading them to biomass fueled power plants.

As an environmental friendly and renewable energy provider, we highly value the importance of social responsibilities. We place significant emphasis on environmental protection. By its nature, cogeneration plants, unlike conventional coal-fired power plants, supply power in addition to steam.
The thermal efficiency is 15% to 40% higher than that of a power plant with the same generation capacity but generating power only. Moreover, our steam customers are required to stop operating their own boilers and this significantly reduces pollutant emissions. All our coal-fired cogeneration plants are either installed with CFB boilers or desulphurization equipment to reduce the emission of 
On the other hand, there was widespread snow storm in various regions in PRC around end of January 2008. Having the advantage of fuel diversification, all our power plants operate without interruption during the period. Our effort in maintaining the supply of both electricity and heat was appreciated by local government authority. This demonstrates our comparative advantage of being an environmental friendly and a renewable energy provider with diversified fuel types.

A number of policies have been issued by the PRC government in 2007 which support the development of environmental friendly energy including Provisions On Guiding Foreign Investment Direction 
FUb"umicv 0 and Measures on Dispatch of Energy Saving and Power Generation 
|vl 0 . These policies not only encourage a long term and healthy development of environmental friendly energy and renewable energy, but also corroborate our Group s investment and development vision in our core business. Going forward, in line with our core value of being an environmental friendly and renewal energy provider, our Group will focus on developing coal cogeneration plant with single generator capacity of over 300MW, solid waste incineration plant, hydropower plant and windpower plant.

BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) Strategic Development (continued) In accordance with the plan stated in our Prospectus, the acquisition of Huitengliang Project Company was completed in March 2008. The project is a 49.5MW windpower plant in Inner Mongolia. This acquisition is in line with our development direction in renewable energy. After acquisition, the attributable installed capacity of the Group will be further increased to 732MW upon completion of construction. To date, all the project acquisition plans stated in Prospectus have been completed.

The macroeconomic condition of China will continue to provide a favorable market environment for the development of power industry. In the Eleventh Five Year Plan of the PRC Government economic and Social Development Policy, a number of policies were put forward to support the central idea of Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction . Our Group will ride on this government policy and develop environmental friendly and renewable energy power plants. We aim to increase the attributable installed capacity of the Group continuously through both acquisitions of and developing renewable energy plants. Our ultimate goal is to maximize shareholder s wealth and aim at becoming one of the world s leading environmental friendly enterprise.

In the past year, with the devoted efforts of all our member of staff, the operating results of the Group were encouraging. Moreover, the successful listing of the Group on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange was attributable to the persistent and dedicated hard work of members of our staff as well as all intermediaries involved. On behalf of the Board and the Shareholders, I would like to express my deepest gratitude to them.
Zhu Gong Shan 
10 April 2008 