Chairman s Statement 
2013 was a critical year of transformation for Kingsoft. If the year 2012 was marked by the transformation of Kingsoft into an internet company, then the year 2013 would be the fi rst year when we started to transform our core businesses into mobile businesses. We continue to see a rapid growth in our mobile monthly active users ( MAU ), posted over 210 million in December 2013, which is a signifi cant milestone in our mobile strategy.

In 2013, all of our three major business lines delivered outstanding performance. JX Online III, a fl agship game of our online game business, recorded a revenue growth of 92%, following a 99% growth in the year 2012, which signifi cantly outpaced the growth rate of MMO gaming market in China. Mobile MAU of Kingsoft Internet Software Holdings Limited ( KIS )* has increased almost 4 folds from 46 million in March 2013 to 166 million in December 2013. It took only six months for Clean Master, a mission-critical utility application to reach 84 million MAU in December 2013 from 13 million in June 2013. Clean master was the #1 Chinese-published application excluding games on Google Play in terms of monthly downloads in January 2014 according to App Annie Limited ( App Annie ). In December 2013, over 50% of our mobile MAU were from overseas markets. KIS is now the #1 mobile application publisher in the Google Play Tools category based on worldwide downloads in January 2014 according to App Annie and the #2 internet security software provider in China according to iResearch as of December 2013. In the fourth quarter, approximately 11% of KIS revenue came from mobile services, representing a fast and strong ramp-up of KIS mobile monetization capabilities, compared with approximately 8% in the third quarter of 2013. Also, our global MAU of WPS mobile offi ce has also expanded quickly to 34 million in December 2013 from 13 million a year ago.
I am extremely pleased with the outstanding results, particularly the great success of Clean Master in the global market, the expansion of Kingsoft footprints in new markets and the substantial progress we have achieved in KIS mobile monetization. These trends showcase that Kingsoft has embraced a right set of strategies and successfully adopted the internet trends and methodologies. The measures we have taken since 2011, focusing on core businesses and user experiences, adopting MBOs, and shifting to mobile internet services, have all paid off. As we continue to execute our strategy and business plan, we believe we are well positioned for tremendous opportunities for gaming and mission critical applications brought by the explosive growth of mobile internet.
We are thrilled to deliver a 54% annual growth in our revenue in 2013, well above the 38% annual revenue growth in 2012. All of our three major business lines have set new records in terms of revenue and operating metrics.
With a more than doubled year-over-year growth rate, KIS achieved an all-time record revenue of approximately RMB700.0 million in the year of 2013. This strong growth momentum was supported by the signifi cant increase in traffi c from Duba.com personal start page, Cheetah Browser, and the tremendous growth of its game platform. Through our persistent efforts, there were more than 400 games on the KIS game platform in December 2013. Revenue from KIS internet value added services ( IVAS ) for the year increased 3,367% to RMB83.2 million from RMB2.4 million a year ago. We believe that the evolution of KIS game platform will further enhance our monetization capabilities in the coming years.
The past year marked another year of strong growth for KSO. Revenue from Kingsoft WPS Offi ce for the year of 2013 grew 47% year-over-year to RMB288.8 million, 51% of which came from enterprise users. In August 2013, the Chinese State Council issued a policy on government agencies to use genuine software in order to improve IPR protection. Both offi ce and antivirus software have been put on the routine software purchase list of the Chinese government agencies.
We believe that this policy represents a milestone in the IPR protection history, and it will benefi t our enterprise businesses in the long run, especially Kingsoft WPS Offi ce. In the past year, we have completed milestone contracts with globally renowned fi nancial institutions, which manifest the high quality and competiveness of our product and services, and also signal our deeper and broader penetration to the enterprise markets. In addition, we are glad to see that online marketing revenue from WPS is becoming our growth catalyst supported by the expanded user traffi c of WPS Personal Edition.
In the year of 2013, online game business continued to grow at an annual rate of 29%, which outpaced the growth rate of MMO gaming market in China. Revenue of our fl agship game, JX Online III, following an annual revenue growth of 99% in 2012, increased 92% year-over-year to RMB456.7 million with the release of a series of expansion packs in 2013.
In November 2013, JX Online III achieved a new record in terms of revenue and APA with the launch of a new expansion pack. The revenue of MAT for the year of 2013 also increased 43% year-over-year to RMB88.6 million. The signifi cant 
* The name of Kingsoft Internet Software Holdings Limited has been changed to Cheetah Mobile Inc. on 25 March 2014. All references to Kingsoft Internet Software Holdings Limited or KIS in this annual report shall mean Cheetah Mobile Inc.

revenue growth of JX online III and MAT in the past two years demonstrated the success of our strategy to provide better than expected game experiences and services through consistent efforts in games innovation and development.
In February 2014, Westhouse introduced Xiaomi Ventures Limited ( Xiaomi ) as its strategic investor. Having Xiaomi as a shareholder and an important business partner, Westhouse will benefi t in the development of our mobile game business in the coming years.
We have expanded into enterprise data storage services and cloud storage platform services in 2013. The growth of user base of Kingsoft Cloud accelerated to 52 million in December 2013 through product innovation and strategic collaboration with Xiaomi and smart TV producers.
In 2013, we have included globally renowned fund and internet companies as strategic investors of our major subsidiaries, and the Company issued Convertible Bonds of HKD1,356.0 million in July 2013. On 27 January 2014, KIS made its initial confi dential fi ling with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for the proposed initial public offering and listing of its securities on the NASDAQ Global Market or the New York Stock Exchange. We believe that these activities will help us to strengthen and accelerate the execution of our mobile strategy.

Looking forward, KIS will continue to invest aggressively in product innovation and big data analytic research, in order to expand its worldwide user penetration in both PC and mobile internet markets. On the PC end, we expect revenue from online marketing and web game operation to keep its strong growth momentum, supported by the expanded user base of Duba.com personal start page, Cheetah Browser, as well as broader collaboration with our business partners.
On the mobile end, Clean Master will maintain its strong growth momentum to be KIS fl agship mobile application as it continues to deliver innovative and better than expected mobile experiences. Also, leveraging the fast development of mobile internet market, the user base of Cheetah Browser, Battery Doctor, and other KIS mobile applications will continue to expand rapidly. We are excited to see the promising and rapid growth in mobile game and marketing revenue, mainly supported by the soaring user base of KIS mission critical mobile applications. We expect that KIS mobile platform will continue to attract user activities, game developers, and business partners, so the revenue from KIS mobile monetization will become our growth catalyst in the coming years.
JX Online III, a leading domestic 3D MMO game, will maintain its growth momentum as we continue to provide innovative and improved of service and game experiences to its players. A number of expansion packs for JXs and MAT will be launched in 2014 to further enhance the games experience, and to stimulate and consolidate our gaming population. For now, more than fi ve mobile games are under full swing development, of which two to three games are in the pipeline for release. We expect that the revenue from our online game business will achieve double-digits growth rate in 2014.
We expect that the enterprise sales from Kingsoft Offi ce will maintain its strong growth momentum benefi tting from the improved IPR protection policies and user experiences. In addition, Kingsoft Offi ce will actively explore the monetization of its free user traffi c of WPS Personal Edition, and this will become a growth catalyst for Kingsoft Offi ce in the coming year. More importantly, Kingsoft Offi ce will focus and invest aggressively on the mobile offi ce applications, and expand its worldwide mobile user base.
Looking ahead, Kingsoft will continue to invest heavily in mobile and cloud services. As discussed above, we expect the top line of the Group to maintain its fast growth momentum and to reach new high in 2014. Kingsoft will always embrace the internet trends and strive to deliver products and services that exceed users expectations. We are confi dent that, by focusing on products and services innovation, exceptional user experiences, and being responsive to the fast changing market, we will continue to increase shareholders value in the coming years.

The PRC, 18 March 2014 