Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
It is my pleasure to present you with the Annual Report of China
Aoyuan Property Group Limited (the “Company”, together with its
subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year
ended 31 December 2016.
In 2016, the world economy was still under adjustment with
increasing risks brought by changes in various aspects, and the
growth of the world economy has slowed down as compared with
2015. In 2016, the housing policy of China was quite relaxed at first
then continued to be tightened in hot spot cities. Overall, as affected
by monetary easing policy, the periodical tight supply and demand,
as well as rising land prices, housing prices in hot spot cities rose 
significantly, but became stable after regulatory tightening. Various
kinds of demand continued to lead the market, therefore, transactions
were at high levels and the volume hit historical high.
In 2016, capitalized on favorable policies as well as innovative and
flexible strategies, the Group achieved excellent sales performance
and maintained strong growth momentum with steadily improved
comprehensive strength. The Group recorded total contracted
sales of approximately RMB 25.6 billion as at 31 December 2016,
representing a significant increase of approximately 69% year-onyear,
and exceeding approximately 51% of its full year target.
With its outstanding operational performance, healthy financial
profile and improving brand influence, the Group has been awarded
as“Guangdong Province Enterprise of Observing Contract and
Valuing Credit” for 17 consecutive years; “Top 20 Guangdong
Property Enterprises with High Credit” for 15 consecutive years; and
ranked No. 29 among “2016 China Top 30 Real Estate Developers”
by the China Real Estate Association and China Real Estate Evaluation
Center.
The Group continued to achieve satisfactory progress towards parallel
development in domestic and overseas markets. The recognition
of the local Australian market gained from the Sydney projects
demonstrates the Group’s excellent execution capability in overseas
markets. In November 2016, the Group successfully acquired two
high quality residential projects in Sydney, namely Altessa 888
Gordon and Mirabell Turramurra, laying a solid foundation for the
Group’s sustainable development in Australia. In March 2017, the
Group acquired a high quality project next to Vancouver CBD, Canada.
The Group will replicate its successful experience in Australia and
develop the Vancouver project by capitalizing on its localization
strategy for overseas development and provide high-end residential
units.
In 2016, the Group expanded the cultural tourism segment, and kick
started the Xinhua Town, Yingde Aoyuan International Resort project
to promote the English black tea culture. The project innovatively
develops a “gourmet factory + cultural tourism” model town,
integrating food workshops, spa resorts, animation entertainment,
pastoral farm, science popularization education and ecological habitat.
Meanwhile, the cross-border e-commerce has seen substantial
development. Newly upgraded comprehensive cross-border
e-commerce platforms, including the official online mall (aomygod.
com), mobile APPs and Wechat mall of Aomygod, were officially
launched.
In line with rapid business development, the Group upholds a prudent
financial management while proactively diversifying its onshore
and offshore financing channels, continuously strengthening its
financial position. In 2016, the Group secured a syndicated loan
led by Nanyang Commercial Bank and the facility has upsized to
USD180 million from the existing facility of USD100 million which
was announced in 2015. The Group successfully issued non-public
domestic 4-year corporate bonds of RMB500 million with a coupon
rate of 7.9% and issued non-public domestic 3-year corporate bonds
of RMB1.5 billion with a coupon rate of 5.88%. The Group also
successfully issued USD250 million offshore senior notes due 2019
with a coupon rate of 6.525%. As of 31 December 2016, the net
gearing ratio of the Group was 50.7% and the cash collection ratio
remained at a relatively industry-high level of 90% realising positive
operating cash flows. In 2016, the Group’s credit rating outlook was
successfully upgraded to “Positive” by the three major international
rating agencies, namely Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch
Ratings. The Group’s corporate credit rating was upgraded to “BB-”
by Fitch Ratings.
The Group continued to adhere to its land acquisition strategy with
a focus on Tier 1 and 2 cities in 2016. Leveraging its diversified land
acquisition channels, the Group has acquired a number of high quality
land parcels in Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Foshan, Chengdu, Nanning and
Sydney Australia, etc., with the newly added GFA of approximately
3,140,000 sq.m., laying a solid foundation for the Company’s
sustainable development. As of 31 December 2016, the Group had
a total land bank of 14.65 million sq.m. in GFA, which is sufficient for
the development needs for approximately five years in the future.
In the future, the Group will continue to adhere to its development
strategy of “rapid development and rapid sales”. The Group will
enhance its design and management to create quality products with
market competitiveness. The Group will continue to maintain its
disciplined strategy of investing in key regions with good market
prospects and prosperous economy, and promote its parallel
development in domestic and overseas property markets. At the
same time, the Group will maintain prudent financial management
while promoting its rapid and sustainable business development, thus
delivering shareholders with fruitful returns.
Last but not least, it is my great privilege on behalf of the Board
of Directors to extend my gratitude to our shareholders, investors,
business partners, property owners and friends in the media and
general public for their unfailing trust and support. At the same time,
I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude
to our directors, management and staff for their tireless contribution.
Guo Zi Wen
Chairman
Hong Kong, 10 March 2017