Chairman’s StatementDear Shareholders,
In 2010, China launched a series of austerity measures such as the “Eleven
Measures”, “New Four Measures”, “Increase of Down Payment Threshold”
and “Limitation on Purchase and Suspension of Loans”. The local governments
have also introduced a series of rules with frequent control measures to stabilize
the property market as the macro economy was volatile.
For 2010, the management of Aoyuan adopted a prudent development strategy
and adhered to the development concept of “Building a healthy, low-carbon
lifestyle”, by integrating elements such as environment protection, comfort,
health and regimen into project development and adopting low carbon, regimen
and healthy housing as its major development concept, which were reflected
in its project construction with more concern placed on the healthiness of
Chinese people in respect of lifestyle. Such development focus has received
compliments from the society at large and especially domestic and overseas
investors. In 2010, Aoyuan achieved contracted sales of over RMB4.76 billion,
an increase of over 65.5% compared with the same period in 2009. It achieved
great progress in all aspects during the year: in low carbon housing, Shenyang 
Aoyuan • The Metropolis adopted eight leading low carbon technologies and was a sensational success in Shenyang and the Northeast
region which attracted numerous customers with a strong sales of RMB360 million and symbolized our strong presence in the domain
of low-carbon housing; in respect of health and regimen, after years of preparation, Aoyuan • Regimen City introduced internationally
renowned cooperative partners such as the MJ Group, one of the top three health management institutions in the world and the Swiss
Anti-aging Center and trial operation has already commenced; for commercial properties, the successful launch and sales results of
Aoyuan Plaza laid a solid foundation for the development of commercial projects in the future.
Looking forward to 2011, the Chinese government will continue to implement austerity measures and the introduction of the “New
Eight Measures” would further strengthened the control towards the real estate industry in aspects such as land, purchase, credit and
taxation. Premier Wen Jiabao indicated in an interview “the confidence and determination to achieve the objectives of housing price
regulation”, which demonstrated the concern and determination of the central government towards regulation of the real estate market,
which provided opportunities as well as challenges to Aoyuan. Aoyuan will combine its own advantages in the industry to fulfill the
strong demand and maintain rapid development; for its brand concept, Aoyuan will adhere to “Building a healthy, low-carbon lifestyle”
and continue to develop leading projects in the domain of low carbon and healthy housing to fulfill the development themes of future
living such as environment protection, low carbon, health and regimen. Regarding the management team and personnel training, we
will strengthen the cultivation of key personnel and improve operational capabilities of the project through an optimized performance
appraisal and incentive system and enhance the initiative and enthusiasm of our team. As for landbank and financial management, the
Group will diversify its funding channels and increase its quality land bank more effectively through prudent financial management.
Meanwhile, by standardizing product design, improving consciousness for the best and optimizing property management, we will
speed up the property development and maintain Aoyuan’s brand image.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, investors, business partners, property
owners, the media and those who concern about our Group in the community for their unfailing trust and support on the Group. I would
also like to thank members of the Board, senior management and all staff members for their diligence and hard work.
Guo Zi Wen
Chairman
22 March 2011