Chairman s Statement 
In the year of 2008, we progressed signifi cantly in strengthening Kingsoft s position as a leading developer, distributor and service provider of online games and applications software in China.
We have successfully executed our dual-engine growth strategy. Total revenue for 2008 increased by 47% to RMB820.9 million year-over-year. The Group s total profi t attributable to equity holders for 2008 was RMB307.5 million, an increase of 
Our dual-engine growth model has been fundamentally driven by the growth of internet. China Internet Network Information Center recent report shows that total number of Internet users in China reached 298 million at the end of 2008, representing a year-on-year growth of 42% as a combined result of increased broadband penetration, increased online activities and applications, particularly in the usages of interactive communities and entertainment contents.
Kingsoft has built successes upon a strong research and development culture, which fosters innovative teams; enables us to scale to simultaneously execute several large-scale development projects to maintain a diversifi ed pipeline of quality products; have a signifi cant cost advantage over competitors that license third-party technology or contents.
Our online game business has been pursuing best content strategy. In the fourth quarter of 2008, our MMORPGs had an aggregate of over 1 million daily average peak concurrent users ( PCU ), and over 1.5 million monthly average paid users.
JX series made a combined PCU of 0.80 million, about 80 percent of our daily online game traffi c. Today, JX developed by our Zhuhai studio has become one of the most infl uential martial-arts online games in China and Southeast Asia. Kingsoft is also an early investor in innovative teams and diversifi cation. Our other game studios in Beijing, Chengdu and Dalian are also expanding their own online game sequels, such as First Myth and CQ. Following Kingsoft Guangzhou, we continued to invest in and partner with top game studios in China, such as Lianking and recently Zhixiong.
We believe quality premium of our games is the key for long-term success. JX III is currently ranked by 17173.com as one of the most anticipated new online games. It has been under development for over six years and equipped with our proprietary state-of-arts three-dimension game engine.
Kingsoft was awarded China Top-ten Online Game Developer and Operator during the 2008 China Online Game Industry Annual Conference.
Our total revenue of application software grew by 67% year-over-year in 2008. Being the origin of Kingsoft, our application software is in constant transition to a web-based software-as-a-service model. Our software portfolio including Kingsoft Internet Security, Kingsoft PowerWord and Kingsoft WPS has continued to increase market position in China and Japan in 2008.
Kingsoft Internet Security has adopted the new three-dimension Internet defense system and the fourth time passed the Virus Bulletin 100 Test in December 2008, the international authority in anti-virus software testing. Our total number of online daily average paying users for Kingsoft Internet Security was 8.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2008.

www.iciba.com of Kingsoft PowerWord has been a leading virtual English learning site in China. Kingsoft WPS Offi ce has been widely used by Chinese governments and continued expansion into local enterprises in 2008, which was marked by a milestone sale contract of WPS Offi ce with State Grid Corporation of China ( SGCC ) at a total value over RMB10 million in July 2008.
Kingsoft was named as one of Top 10 China Copyright Holders in 2008 by Copyright Protection Center of China (CPCC) 
To highlight all these achievements, I m very pleased to present our 2008 annual report. I would like to thank the management and staff for their hard work, and thank all our shareholders and investors for their support and confi dence 
Pak Kwan Kau 
PRC, March 31, 2009 
