Chairman s Statement 
2010 was the year of change for Kingsoft. We have recently completed restructuring of Kingsoft Internet Security and are in the midst of restructuring our online games R&D studios in order to turn ourselves into leaner and nimbler, and more self-motivated organisations. Meanwhile, we have also introduced internet-oriented top talents to our management team.
All those adaptabilities allow us to keep up with challenges from the fast-changing internet sector.
Application Software Business Review In October, Kingsoft Internet Security acquired Conew Network, a top local internet security fi rm and announced that Kingsoft Internet Security Simplifi ed Chinese Personal Edition would be available free of charge as from November 10, 2010. The new product is supported by our proprietary cloud-based security technology that detects internet security threats on a real time basis. West Coast Labs, an international organisation specialising in functionality testing, performance validation and the Checkmark Certifi cation of information security products and services, has recently announced that Kingsoft Internet Security 2011 has passed seven Checkmark tests, such as anti-malware test, anti-malware test based on cloud security, anti-Trojan test, etc. Kingsoft Internet Security 2011 is the fi rst anti-virus software that passed the Checkmark anti-malware cloud test to date. This demonstrated Kingsoft Internet Security s leading technology position in China, especially in the area of cloud-based security technology. On December 1, 2010, we announced the open source program of Kingsoft Defender (q[X) and opened a new chapter for security software in China. We believe this program will lead the change of security software industry by lowering the entrance barrier and gathering millions of talents to develop and improve security software products.
Kingsoft WPS Offi ce as the premium offi ce software in China has been benefi ting from the increasing copyright protection in China and continued its success in Japan. Leveraging the increasing internet user base across devices, WPS Offi ce is also extending to provide more value added services, such as offi ce automation, cloud-based storage (Kingsoft Kuaipan), web- offi ce service (Kingsoft Kuaixie) and mobile tablet offi ce products.
The past year was also a year of transition for Kingsoft PowerWord from a client software to a learning community.
We launched Kingsoft PowerWord 2011 Beta Version in October, 2010 which integrates online dictionary, mini personal portals and instant message into one package. Kingsoft PowerWord is building a converged user platform for virtual English learning and providing a variety of value-added services for English learning.
Entertainment Software Business Review Kingsoft game has been primarily engaging in research, development and operation of online games of Chinese mythology and martial arts genre. As no new game title was released in 2010, the entertainment software business recorded a decrease of 6% in revenue year-on-year. Since the introduction of a group of talents of game operation in 2009, we signifi cantly improved game operation effi ciency and recorded a reduced attenuation rate of games in 2010. To better motivate game research talents, we have announced restructuring of our Westhouse Studios by having key persons of the studios acquire 20% interest of the Westhouse Studios.

Looking ahead in 2011, Kingsoft has fi ve new games in pipeline, compared to no new game title in 2010, which are Legend of Moon (gq_P), Rush Team (q@0b), CangQiongZhiNu (yzKN) and other two titles. In 2011, our game business will also explore opportunities into producing advanced casual games and casual games on mobile tablet devices.
The launch of our free Kingsoft Internet Security Simplifi ed Chinese Personal Edition will help us capture a larger user base and further enhance user experience by incorporating a number of value-added-services. With increasingly better copyright protection in China and growth prospective overseas, WPS Offi ce is well positioned for a new round of sustainable growth both in China and overseas.
Kingsoft is committed to improving its operation effi ciency, enriching its customer base through product and service innovations, and ultimately bringing rewarding returns to shareholders.
To highlight all these achievements, I am very pleased to present our 2010 annual report. I would like to thank the management and staff for their hard work, and thank all our shareholders and investors for their support and confi dence 
Pak Kwan Kau 
Hong Kong, March 23, 2011 
