Chairman s Statement 
Guo Zi Wen 
Chairman s Statement (continued) 
On behalf of China Aoyuan Property Group Limited, I am pleased to present to you the Group s annual results for the year ended 31 
In 2011, Aoyuan achieved recognized revenue of RMB3,022.2 million, an increase of over 23.7% compared with the same period in 2010. The Group s gross profit and net profit attributable to shareholders also increased by 24.7% and 39.6% respectively to RMB817.6 million and RMB448.5 million respectively, compared with the same period in 2010.
For 2011, success in the growth of Aoyuan financial results is primarily because the management of Aoyuan adopted the strategy of developing commercial and residential properties in parallel in the past few years. Recognized revenue contributed by commercial properties sold increased to RMB1,086.0 million, representing 237.3% as compared to that of 2010 and also representing 35.9% of the total revenue for 2011. Successful commercial projects including Aoyuan Plaza and Aoyuan " Hai Jin Cheng contributed higher average selling price and margin to Aoyuan and also set the foundation and model for continuing success in our commercial property 
Furthermore, Aoyuan continued to adhere to the development concept of Building a healthy, low-carbon lifestyle , by integrating elements such as environment protection, comfort, health and regimen into project development and adopting low carbon, regimen and healthy housing as its major development concept. Such development focus has received overwhelming compliments from the society at large and especially domestic and overseas investors, among these project, Aoyuan " The Metropolis in Shenyang was particularly 
Facing the uncertainties in the China property market and global financial market, Aoyuan adopted a consistent and cautious financial policy to ensure its growth in a healthy manner. The Group has been exploring flexible onshore and offshore funding channels to maintain our competitiveness and low gearing level as well as to capture good land bank opportunity to replenish our land reserve sufficient for the next 5 years of development and growth needs.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all our shareholders, investors, business partners, local governments and property owners for their unfailing support. At the same time, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to our directors, management and staff for their enormous contribution. Their support has enabled the Group to achieve its success and goals.
Guo Zi Wen 
21 March 2012 