Chairman s Statement 
Guo Zi Wen 
On behalf of China Aoyuan Property Group Limited, I am pleased to present the Group s annual results for the year ended 31 
In 2012, Aoyuan proactively responded to the continued macroeconomic policies and complicated and fast-changing market in China. Contracted sales of RMB5.25 billion was recorded, and total contracted sales area amounted to approximately 835,800 sq.m., representing an increase of 5% and 52% respectively when compared with 2011 and achieved 105% of the full year sales target of RMB5 billion. Aoyuan reinforced its foundation in 2012 and progress was made in various aspects: 
For land reserve, Aoyuan focused in cities or regions with strong end user demand and robust market and further consolidated our market position by cultivating thoroughly the local market on the basis of its existing development projects. In Chongqing, for example, two parcels of land were acquired for new project development to reinforce the leading position of Aoyuan in the Chongqing; in Zhuzhou of Hunan, we acquired four development projects through acquisitions and land auctions and became the most influential enterprise in Zhuzhou; in Guangzhou, we successfully bid the project located above the Panyu Hanxi Zhanglong Metro with the base price.
The newly added land reserves and projects in 2012 will contribute considerable results for the Group in the next three years.

For cash flow and financing, Aoyuan completed the disposal of the Beijing project and generated cash of more than HK$3,200 million and achieved attractive returns which enriched the Group s cash flow. Aoyuan also successfully issued US$125,000,000 five year senior notes to further enhance the Group s healthy financial position and strong cash flow, which laid a solid foundation for Aoyuan s optimization of financing structure and long-term development.
For strategic planning and development, with commercial properties not subjected to purchase restrictions and loan restrictions and residential products with strong end user demand the Group forumlated the developing commercial and residential properties in parallel product strategy and development strategy of rapid development and rapid sales as the operating strategy, which have become the development planning of Aoyuan for the next three years and laid a solid foundation for future development.
For business operation and management, the grand opening of the shopping center of Aoyuan Plaza in Panyu district, Guangzhou marked the capability of Aoyuan to develop and manage world class large-scale modern shopping center, also signifying that Aoyuan had reached a new height in the operation of holding properties.
In 2012, Aoyuan achieved encouraging results and paved way for another successful year of 2013. It was an important starting point for the rapid development of Aoyuan. In 2013, Aoyuan will continue to adhere to the existing strategies and provide ecological and healthy living space for our property owners and advance the development of Aoyuan in leaps and bounce.

At last, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all our shareholders, investors, business partners, property owners and attentive media and general public for their unfailing trust and support. At the same time, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to our directors, management and staff for their hard work.
Guo Zi Wen 
22 March 2013 