Chairman s Statement 
Through over 20 years of innovative endeavor, Kingsoft has been widely recognized as a household renowned software brand in China. We have rejuvenated and successfully transited ourselves from the legacy of the King of package software to be an internet application based model of Software as a service (SAAS). Today, Kingsoft Ciba, Kingsoft Internet Security and WPS Offi ce all top rank on the software search index of Baidu (http:top.baidu.combuzzsoft.html).
Application Software Business Review Started from DOS-based WPS offi ce 20 years ago, Kingsoft Internet Security, Kingsoft PowerWord (Ciba) and WPS offi ce have shown Kingsoft s ability of fulfi lling the fast changing needs of internet users in China.
Kingsoft application software has evolved from a traditional packaged software business model to SAAS. Accordingly, Kingsoft is building a converged user platform for its diversifi ed product portfolio and providing a variety of value-add- 
Av-comparatives the independent international authoritative anti-virus software evaluation organization announced that Kingsoft Internet Security passed its test in August 2009. Kingsoft Internet Security is the fi rst and the only Chinese- made anti-virus software that passed the test to date. This demonstrated Kingsoft Internet Security s leading position in the 
WPS Offi ce as the premium offi ce software in China is extending to provide more value added services, such as offi ce automation, online data storage and other online hosting services.
Entertainment Software Business Review Kingsoft game originated from PC games in the mid 90s, has been a distinct icon of the martial arts genre with diversifi ed multiple game studios and development platforms. The successful launch of JX3 in last September proved that we were capable of making the best quality games with our appropriate state-of-arts 3D engine.
During 2009 China Game Industry Annual Conference, which attended by major online game developers and operators in China. Kingsoft games received four awards, Outstanding Game Company in China for 2009 , Pioneer in Product R&D in China Game Industry for 2009 , Outstanding Entrepreneur in China Game Industry for 2009 for Mr. Pak Kwan KAU, Chairman and Chief Executive Offi cer of Kingsoft, and The Best Self-Developed Online Game in China for 2009 for JXIII.
Kingsoft game continued its leading position in Southeast Asia in 2009. Kingsoft set up a wholly-owned game operating subsidiary in Malaysia, and launched JX World successfully. This is a milestone for Kingsoft to expand its game franchise through independent self-operation internationally.

As said by Hu Jintao, the President of China, during his visit to Kingsoft, As a pioneer in the software industry of China, we must take innovation as our soul.
We understand that to carry on our successes and leverage our R&D strength, it is also a must to better user engagement and improve operation effi ciency. This reorientation has already started from our people, as we recently introduced groups of top software and game operation talents to our management team.
We are very determined and confi dent to deliver sustainable growth and return to the shareholders in the future.
To highlight all these achievements, I am very pleased to present our 2009 annual report. I would like to thank the management and staff for their hard work, and thank all our shareholders and investors for their support and confi dence 
Pak Kwan Kau 
Hong Kong, March 25, 2010 
