Chairman s Statement 
Business Review and Prospects 2015 marked a year of great achievements for Kingsoft in implementing mobilization, globalization and All-in Cloud strategies. Our mobile MAU reached a new high of 736.4 million in December 2015, and the mobile and overseas revenue now accounted for 67% and 51% of Cheetah Mobile s total revenue in 2015, respectively. The significant progresses Kingsoft Cloud made in 2015 also far exceeded our expectations. We believe that all these achievements have well positioned us in further exploring the mobile Internet and cloud service business in the year ahead.
2015 was another year of consistent and strong growth. We achieved more than 69% annual revenue growth and our total revenue reached a new record of RMB5,676.1 million. As we focused on heavy investments in mobile application development, global market expansion and cloud services breakthrough, we have experienced short-term pressure on profit in 2015. Excluding the impact of share-based compensation costs, the operating profit for 2015 increased 27% year-over-year to RMB898.1 million, while the operating profit margin before share-based compensation costs decreased by five percentage points year-over-year to 16%. This in effect reflected the transformation of our businesses from overdependence on online game business with high operating margin to Cheetah Mobile and Kingsoft Cloud businesses with rapid growth and great market potential.
Cheetah Mobile continued to achieve its strategic goals in 2015 in terms of overseas user expansion and better monetization of its growing global mobile user base. In December 2015, Cheetah Mobile had over 635 million active mobile users globally with 79% of them located outside of China. Cheetah Mobile remained the third largest global publisher in Google Play s non-game category, with four of its mobile applications, namely Clean Master, CM Security, Photo Grid and CM Lockers, ranked among the top-40 most downloaded non-game applications on Google Play in December 2015. Robust mobile and overseas performances drove Cheetah Mobile s top-line growth in the year. Cheetah Mobile s revenue grew by 113% year-over-year to RMB3,561.7 million. On the mobile monetization side, mobile revenues already accounted for 72% of its total revenue in the fourth quarter of 2015, up from 37% in the fourth quarter of 2014.
Looking forward, Cheetah Mobile remains firmly committed to strengthening its mobile and global businesses and building Cheetah Mobile into one of the leading mobile platforms globally. Cheetah Mobile will continue to leverage its mission critical applications as the main entry point to acquire users, build a content platform to enhance user engagement, and strengthen its strong data analytics capabilities to fortify its strategic advantage. Cheetah Mobile will also stay focused on building a profitable and sustainable growth model over the long-term, as well as implementing a more balanced approach when looking at its key priorities, such as user acquisition, user engagement, revenue growth and profitability.
In year 2015, Kingsoft Cloud exhibited outstanding achievements in its focused businesses game cloud, video cloud and government and corporate cloud. Kingsoft Cloud established the first national game industry ecological base in Hainan province in 2015. It held the Game Ecosystem Annual Conference 2015 in December, attracting more than 400 game industry participants, and showcased its leading position in the game cloud market. The video cloud service business was officially launched in November 2015. With outstanding technical advantages, it was able to provide highly stable and cost-effective services to its clients, including GIF Deft and Today s Headlines, the leading mobile video providers in China.
During the year, Kingsoft Cloud entered into strategic partnerships with Peking University Healthcare and Kingdee, and won a contract from fierce competition to provide cloud services to Beijing municipal government. Kingsoft Cloud sees tremendous opportunities and explosive growth potential in cloud services industry, and will continue to solidify its leading position in its focused market segments and further explore new market opportunities in 2016.

We have delivered 9% annual growth in online game revenue in 2015. Our flagship title JX online III marched into its sixth year of outstanding performance with compound annual growth rate over 55% in the past four years, far outpaced the growth rate of the MMO market in China. Two major mobile games were launched in 2015, i.e., 3D version of Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons and Brave Cross , and both were ranked as one of the top ten popular games on Xiaomi and IOS game platforms. With its achieved sustainability and continuous innovations, JX online III is expected to continue generating significant revenue and profitability in the coming years. We have also prepared a strong pipeline of mobile games, which will be launched in 2016.
Kingsoft WPS Office also contributed an excellent performance in the past year. Total revenue from Kingsoft WPS Office, net of advertising revenue from cooperation with Cheetah Mobile, posted a strong annual growth rate at 35%. The traditional PC business maintained steady growth, with improved monetization capability on the traffic from WPS Office Personal Edition. To solidify its leading position as an office solution provider in China and capture the fast growing enterprise markets, Kingsoft WPS firmly executed its WPS+cloud strategy to provide universal integrated cloud office services. In December 2015, the global MAU of WPS family reached 182 million, among which the mobile MAU of WPS Office were nearly 77 million, with an 18% increase year-over-year. In December, WPS IOS was award as Best of 2015 by Apple App Store, and WPS Android was awarded by Google Play as Best App of 2015 . We will continue our efforts in the traditional government and enterprise markets and expect steady growth by providing WPS+cloud office solutions. We will further explore the monetization on the traffic from WPS Personal Edition, and also start to explore the monetization opportunities on the traffic from WPS mobile applications.
The strategic investments and efforts we ve made over the past years have clearly paid off and set a cornerstone for us to capture tremendous opportunities in mobile Internet, global markets and cloud services. In 2016, we will continue to make proactive investments in our core businesses and key strategic focuses, to further strengthen our foundation, support sustainable growth and drive long-term shareholder value. At the same time, we will start to harvest a moderate improvement on our operating profit margin as a result of tightly adhering to our investment strategies in the past years.
We are confident that we will maintain our strong growth momentum to achieve new highs in 2016.

The PRC, 22 March 2016 