Chairman s Statement 
Guo Zi Wen 
I have pleasure to present to you the Annual Report of China Aoyuan Property Group Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2015.
In 2015, overall economic growth slowed down. The government put greater emphasis on the important role of real estate in promoting consumption and stimulating investments and the property sector was still treated as an important means for stimulating economic growth and has become a stabilizer . The central government lowered its requirements on reserves, interest rate and down payment and introducing tax reliefs multiple times to reduce property purchase cost and boost demand. Local governments adopted flexible policies including tax reliefs, financial subsidies and removing restrictions on purchases and foreign persons to stimulate demand, which has enabled the property market to realize steady recovery in trading volume and price. The property market showed an upward trend as a whole.

In 2015, the property industry faced many challenges with the slowdown in overall economic growth. However, the Group was able to maintain growth momentum with its advantages and strengths in various respects and recorded continuous steady business growth in 2015. During the period, the Group recorded contracted sales of RMB15.17 billion, a year-on-year increase of approximately 24% and representing approximately 112% of target contracted sales for the year. Contracted sales area for the year was approximately 1,888,000 sq.m., a year-on-year increase of approximately 41% Turnover for 2015 was approximately RMB9.57 billion, a year-on-year increase of approximately 37%. Gross profit was approximately RMB2.65 billion, a year-on-year increase of approximately 28%; gross profit margin remained stable at approximately 27.6%; net profit was approximately RMB910 million. During the year, the Group recorded a balanced sales performance across various regions. Contracted sales of projects in Guangdong Province and projects in places other than Guangdong Province approximately 44% and 49% of total contracted sales, while overseas projects contributed approximately 7%. In addition to its existing hot-selling projects Guangzhou Aoyuan City Plaza and Chongqing Aoyuan City Plaza, several new projects of the Group also posted satisfactory sales performance, including One30 Hyde Park Sydney, its first overseas project, Zhuhai Aoyuan Plaza and Chongqing Aoyuan Panlong Yihao, which was mainly attributable to the effective product and development strategies, constantly innovative marketing model and further improved operational efficiency of the Group. In addition, the Group Producing while transition to steadily push forward domestic and overseas development simultaneously. It established a commercial property group and upgraded its product strategy of developing commercial and residential properties in parallel ; created a cross- border e-commerce OTO platform for the buyers of its properties, and implemented the integration of property business and the Internet. It has embarked on a road of steady, diversified and rapid development.
In the first two months of 2016, our growth momentum for the fourthly quarter of last year continued, recording contracted sales of approximately RMB2.21 billion, a year-on-year increase of 25%.
Target contracted sales for 2016 will increase by approximately 10% to 15% from RMB15.17 billion for 2015, representing an increase continuously higher than industry average.

With its outstanding operation performance, stable financial position and improving brand reputation, the Group has been awarded as Guangdong Province Enterprise of Observing Contract and Valuing Credit for 16 consecutive years; Top 20 Guangdong Property Enterprises with High Credit for 14 consecutive years; Prominent Creditworthiness Property Developer for 10 Years jointly recognized by four major state-owned commercial banks; CAPITAL Outstanding Chinese Property Group by CAPITAL magazine, a renowned financial media in Hong Kong, for 4 consecutive years; ranked No.
30 in Comprehensive Strength among 2015 China Top 100 Real Estate Developers , No. 5 among 2015 China Top 100 Real Estate Developers Top 10 in Operational Efficiency and No. 2 among Top 10 Southern China Real Estate Enterprises Brand Value 2015 jointly recognized by the Enterprise Research Institute of the Development Research Centre of the State Council, the Institute of Real Estate Studies of Tsinghua University and China Index Research Institute, with an appraised brand value of RMB4.641 billion.
In 2015, the Group successfully issued US$250 million senior notes in overseas, which were well received in the international capital market with an oversubscription of 6.5 times. In early 2015 when the market environment was most difficult, the Group issued US$100 million senior notes through private offering with a coupon rate of 9.25% to ABC International. We successfully issued domestic corporate bonds of RMB2.4 billion with a coupon rate of 5.80% and issued non-public domestic corporate bonds of RMB1.5 billion with a coupon rate of 7.8%. As at 31 December 2015, the Group had a net gearing ratio of 62.7%, and its cash collection ratio was 82%, remaining at a high level, indicative of our strong financial position. In early 2016, Fitch, an international rating corporation, raised our rating outlook of the Group to positive and maintained its corporate family rating of the Group of B+ . The Group early redeemed US$225 million 13.875% senior notes due 2017. As a result, our borrowing cost was reduced and our debt structure was optimised. We obtained US$180 million banking facility provided by a syndicate led by Nanyang Commercial Bank and issued non-public domestic corporate bonds of RMB500 million with a coupon rate of 7.9%.

As for land bank, the Group successively acquired projects in Jiaxing, Zhejiang Province, Sydney, Australia, Wuhua, Nanning, Bengbu, Anhui Province, Liuyang, Zhuhai, Panyu and Foshan, with newly added GFA available for development of approximately 2.49 million sq.m. in 2015. As at 31 December 2015, the Group had a total land bank of approximately 13.33 million sq.m.. In March 2015, the Group acquired a project in 130 Elizabeth Street of Sydney, as the first overseas project. In November 2015, the Group successfully acquired a project in 188 Maroubra Road, Maroubra on the eastern shore of Sydney, Australia. (The Maroubra project is located in downtown Maroubra with good accessibility, developed daily life services and facilities, and a number of secondary and primary schools in the vicinity.) Foreseeable the growth rate will slow down in the property market in future, the Group will double the efforts to improve corporate management, optimise management structure, enhance service efficiency and quality, and lower its operational cost in general. It will accelerate the upgrade of its products and development model and adhere to its development model of rapid development and rapid sales . The Group will continue to maintain a prudent investment strategy by investing in key regions with huge market potential and developed economy, deepening its presence in Pearl River Delta and acquiring high-quality land bank through multiple channels. We will continue to implement our international strategy and increase our investments in overseas markets including Australia.
Target contracted sales of the Group for 2016 will increase by approximately 10% to 15% from RMB15.17 billion for 2015, representing an increase continuously higher than industry average.
While being committed to maintain steady growth of results, the Group will also adapt to the changes in market trends, monitor new growth drivers and continue to explore development strategies under the new situation.

In closing, it is my great privilege on behalf of the Board of Directors to extend my gratitude to our shareholders, investors, business partners, property owners and attentive media and general public for their unfailing trust and support. At the same time, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to our directors, management and staff for their tireless contribution.
Guo Zi Wen 
Hong Kong, 7 March 2016 
