Chairman s Statement 
2011 was an important and turning year for Kingsoft. During the year, we completed the restructuring of Westhouse in April and introduced Tencent Holdings Limited ( Tencent ) to be our strategic shareholder in July. Dr. HongJiang ZHANG and Mr. Shun Tak WONG were appointed as the chief executive offi cer and chief fi nancial offi cer of Kingsoft in late 2011, respectively. We are well positioned for opportunities ahead of us brought by cloud technology and mobile internet as 
We have had a relatively satisfying fourth quarter and 2011 with revenue posted a quarter-over-quarter growth of 17% and full year revenue recorded a year-over-year growth of 5%. If we take out the one-off disposal gain of Kingsoft Guangzhou in 2010, our profi tability actually picked up in 2011. The performance of our existing games in particular JX Online III, demonstrated a strong momentum of growth as we continued to optimize the gamer experience. During the year, we carefully examined the potential needs of gamers of our existing games and successfully launched a number of expansion packs for JX series. The release of the expansion pack, The Grand Master , for our 3D MMO JX Online III in November brought new excitements to the players and further stimulated the popularity of the game. The user base of JX Online III increased nearly 60% year-over-year after the release of expansion packs. We are also actively pursuing the development of web games and mobile games and targeting it as the next growth catalyst.
For Kingsoft Internet Security Software business, we have achieved tremendous growth in user base as we continued to improve the cloud-based version of Kingsoft Antivirus 2012, code named Cheetah, and Kingsoft Security Defender.
Leveraging the momentum of mobile internet, we launched Kingsoft Mobile Defender for Android in the fi rst half of 2011.
To enhance the mobile user experiences, new features such as one-key examination, protection of privacy, anti-theft of mobile phone, anti-harassment and anti-virus were added.
Kingsoft WPS Offi ce reached a new milestone with sales in domestic market and Japan exceeded RMB120 million during 2011. Benefi ting from the continued improvement in copyright protection in China, WPS has been the choice of offi ce solution by more and more government agencies and enterprises. In the second half of 2011, we launched Kingsoft Kuaipan and Kingsoft WPS Offi ce for Android in both China and Japan.

Looking forward, Legend of Moon, Ma La Jiang Hu and other new games are in the pipeline of new game release.
The open beta of Legend of Moon is expected to be started in the mid of 2012. For the coming year, we will continue optimizing gamer experience and improving our planning, marketing and promotion activities. We believe that the revenue from our online game business will resume a steady growth.
We will continue to invest in Kingsoft cloud-based security solutions and expand our investment in mobile security. We are committed to deliver the most easy-to-use and trustworthy cloud-based security products in China. To enhance the user experience of our products, we have adopted a fast development model and will release a new update weekly. By doing so we believe our active user base will be able to expand further. Although the advertising revenue from Kingsoft Security was small in 2011, it has gained momentum as our user base expansion accelerates to a historical level.
The accelerated growth of mobile internet user basis and smart devices in China opens new opportunities for Kingsoft.
We will provide cloud-based, cross platform offi ce service and further improve the user experience of document reading, document conversion, fi le synchronization and fi le sharing across devices.
Leveraging the rapid development of mobile internet, cloud-based services and our R&D capabilities, we have announced the establishment of a new subsidiary of cloud computing by integrating Kingsoft Kuai Pan and Kingsoft T Pan as the fi rst step. We have recently entered into strategic partnership with Konka and Xiaomi to provide cloud storage to TV and mobile phone users. This will be a long term strategic investment and will better position us in the coming years.
We are committed to deliver long term results to our shareholders by focusing on innovation and R&D to continue improving our products and services and providing better experience to our users.
To highlight all these achievements, I am very pleased to present our 2011 annual report. I would like to thank the management and staff for their hard work, and thank all of our shareholders and investors for their support and confi dence in Kingsoft.

Hong Kong, 27 March 2012 