Chairman s Statement 
Mr. Guo Zi Wen 
I'm pleased to present the audited consolidated results of China Aoyuan Property Group Limited ( Aoyuan or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2007. The consolidated result has been reviewed by the Audit Committee of the Company. In the past year, the Group achieved rapid growth, impressive results and maintained its leading market position in Guangdong real estate market.

During the year 2007, the Group had a satisfactory result, both the Group s turnover and profit achieved an impressive growth over the previous year. The Group s total sales and gross profit reached approximately RMB2,501.4 million and RMB1,324.4 million respectively during the year, representing an increase of 183.0% and 191.2% from the previous year. Profit attributable to the shareholders reached RMB602.4 million, representing an increase of 101.1% over the previous year. The shareholders' equity increased to RMB5,044.1 million as at 31 December 2007, which is 509.0% higher than that of 31 December 2006.

Based on the results, the Board proposed a final dividend of RMB5.5 cents per share for 2007, which shall be distributed after the approval of the relevant resolution by the shareholders of the Company at the annual general meeting.
3. Operating Environment In 2007, China s economy maintained a steady and rapid growth with a positive trend of faster growth with improvement in structure, efficiency and living standards.
The Chinese Government has implemented a series of macro economic control policies to tackle certain price speculation issues in the real estate market in 2007. These policies were aimed to increase effective supply, adjust the housing supply structure, constrain speculative demands and solve the housing needs of the lower income families. The implementation of these policies will result in more balanced supply and demand in the market; restraints to the market speculators, and further consolidation within the real estate industry. Nevertheless, China's economic growth will remain robust in the long run and the demand in the housing market will remain strong. We believe the real estate market will return to healthy growth after a period of correction as a result of escalating prices and overheated market.
With its successful listing on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) in October 2007, the Group is well prepared to utilize its abundant cash reserve to pursue devleopment opportunities during this correction period.
4. Land Reserve Through its successful listing on the main board of the Stock Exchange on 9 October 2007, the Group has gained access to the international capital market. Leveraging its strong financial position, the Group expanded its land reserve in accordance with its development strategy. Last year, the Group acquired new land projects in areas including Guangdong, Guangxi, Jiangxi, Chongqing and Shenyang, with a gross floor area ( GFA ) of approximately 4.3 million sq.m. The said acquisitions established foundation for the Group s future development and will generate considerable returns to the Group. As at 31 December 2007, the Group had a land reserve of 5.5 million sq.m, GFA of an extra 310,000 sq.m was added to the Group s land reserve through acquisitions during the period from 1 January 2008 to the date of this report. The current land reserve is sufficient for development in the next 3 to 4 years. The Group will continue to assess merger and acquisition opportunities, and add more quality land and property projects to our reserve.

5. Property Development The Group s property development business recorded an encouraging progress in 2007. Area for projects under development amounted to approximately 1.4 million sq.m. (987,900 sq.m. was under development as at the year end) , while area of completed projects amount to approximately 446,800 sq.m.. For 2008, we expect area for newly commenced projects to be approximately 1.9 million sq.m., the area planned to be completed to be approximately 1.4 million sq.m., and the area expected to be sold to be approximately 1.0 million sq.m..
To improve product design, we engaged a number of renowned companies from domestic and international market for planning and designing of the important projects of the Company. We target year 2008 as a year for product improvement with the goal of producing high-quality housing products. The Group will also implement comprehensive and refined project management through the entire development process from design to construction.
6. Group Financial Performance The Group continued our prudent financial strategy and utilized diverse resources in the international capital market.
In 2007, the Group has carried out various funding activities including issuance of convertible notes and listing in the capital market. The Group has used various security instruments to obtain sufficient funding for the Group s future 
As at 31 December 2007, the Group has a cash deposit of RMB2,658.2 million. The Group s bank loan and the carrying amount of the convertible notes are approximately RMB883.8 million and RMB306.4 million, respectively.
7. Investor Relations The Board is focused on transparency of the Company and communications with shareholders. We have complied with the regulations and policies in relation to the timely disclosure of information to the shareholders, investors, analysts, bankers and other stakeholders. All the published information will be available on the Company s website at 
Furthermore, the investor relations department of the Group will also arrange a series of public relation activities upon the occurrence of important events such as results announcement and, major business update, where the Directors of the Company and senior management of the Group will be present to answer the investors questions and inquiries.
8. Corporate Citizen (Administrative Contribution) While dedicating itself to provide its customers with quality and healthy homes, the Group also assume the social responsibilities to the communities. As such, the Group has contributed funds and human resources to support initiatives in education, charities and sports, making every effort to give back to the society.
The operational performance, social contributions, social responsibilities and the image of the Group have rewarded the Company with the award of The Most Respectable Property Brand and Corporation in China 2007 02007-N W<P_ 
lev?b0W"uTLrOmi 0 in the China Property Honor Roll Awards Presentation Ceremony 2007, an annual event for the property industry. With the Group s social influence and social contributions, the Company also won the award of Property Corporation of Public Welfare in China Property s New Vision 2007 0-N W0W"ue2007tlQv0W"uO mi 0 at the Peak Forum of Harmonious Property in China Property s New Vision 2007 2007-N W0W"ueT0W "uX . The Group is proud of these achievements in receiving these recognitions.

In 2008, the Group will continue its efforts to participate in the city construction, build a quality living environment and dedicate ourselves to social welfare, based on our motto of being a leader in the real estate complex and an operator of the urban development in the future . Apart from donation of money and sponsorship, we also cooperate with universities, government agencies and charitable organizations, leveraging our knowledge and skills to give back to the communities, to fulfill our responsibilities as a corporate citizen.
9. Corporate Governance and Human Resources In 2007, building upon our corporate culture of Efficiency, Honesty and Accountability, the Group continued to improve corporate governance and human resources management. The Group has completed the implementation of systematic, standardized and objective management processes for a wide range of operations including functional units and project development companies.In implementing the Three-Pronged development strategy, the Company achieved: (a) re- allocation of project management resources nationwide by establishing a management team for each project company; (b) , established a performance review system, which utilizes a top-down approach to assign responsibilities down to each functional and project company based on annual goal of the Group;and (3) implemented an ERP system to enhance project management and operational efficiency.
The Group has achieved a satisfactory result in the development of human resources. The Group has introduced a long- term incentive plan, to attract numerous talents, the Group also established the human resources training system, and put more investment in human resources, which has further strengthened the Group s competitive advantages, resulting in a substantial enhancement in the quality of the staff.
10. Customer Service The Group is dedicated to build a healthy lifestyle of exercise starts from home and life is golf . By setting healthy homes as the goal, the Group s property aimed to create a community featuring sports and to improve the living quality of the residents. In year 2007, the Group has introduced various featured services, including Aoyuan Community Games , Forest Park Healthy Trip , gaining Broad recognition and praises from the property owners.
11. Prospect for 2008 Year 2008 is the first complete fiscal year after listing of the Group.
The Group will continue to implement the fixed development strategies by focusing on the financial growth and the strength of the financial position. The Group will maintain the prudent investment style, and continue to focusing on the three major markets, namely Southern China, Central China and Northeast China.
With the capital superiority of the Group, we will selectively build up our land reserve by cooperating with land owners.
Considering the strong demand of the market, we will launch a series of fine decorated products, with a view to improve our competitiveness and value-add to our products.
As a leading property developer in Guangdong province, the Group has successfully completed its positioning in the three economic centres, namely Southern China, Central China and Northeast China, and established a strong foundation for the its development in 2008.
Investors and shareholders, looking forward, we are fully confident of our future. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to extend my sincere appreciation for the strong support from our shareholders, customers and strategic partners, and my wholehearted thanks to the loyalty and dedication of our employees.

