Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company, I am pleased to present the annual report of the Group for 2009.
2009 was a mixed and volatile year for the PRC and global economy. On the background of global fi nancial crisis, the development
of many enterprises reached a bottle-neck while China Aoyuan decisively capitalized on this turning point to achieve tremendous
enhancement in various aspects: the formulation of the “Result is King” appraisal system enabled the Group to accomplish its
anticipated sales target for the whole year in October 2009; the mergers and acquisitions strategy showed striking effectiveness with
success gained in Chang’an Ave, Aoyuan Zhongshan Plaza and Aoyuan Plaza; while the operating capacity of the operation and
management team was continuously strengthened. With product standardization and systematic launch, China Aoyuan’s concept of
being outstanding was well recognized and made signifi cant contribution to the Group’s operation.
2009 witnessed China Aoyuan’s rapid development, and more importantly, further upgrading was achieved in composite property,
especially the concept of healthy living. China Aoyuan has always been a leader of healthy lifestyle, making continuous discussion
and conclusion on healthy lifestyle such as the integration of sports and regimen. Apart from those well known slogans which
demonstrate China Aoyuan’s dedication and characters to pursuing a healthy lifestyle, such as “Exercise starts from home”, “Living
with a glorious style” and “Ideal life, yours and mine”, China Aoyuan kept on extending its pursuit of health and established our
theme of creating a lifestyle of low carbon, health and regimen in the future. With its brand advocating “Building a healthy, lowcarbon
lifestyle”, China Aoyuan has established the development path on low carbon and regimen, building a healthy, low-carbon
lifestyle for consumers and formulating a unique development path with differentiation.
In 2010, China Aoyuan will adhere to the development notion of “Building a healthy, low-carbon lifestyle”, putting emphasis on
environment protection, comfort, health, regimen with the adoption of low carbon and regimen concept as its major development
concept. China Aoyuan will insist on low carbon, energy saving and emission reduction on construction, while more concern will be
placed on sub-healthiness and aging problem of Chinese people in respect of lifestyle. China Aoyuan strives to improve subhealthiness
of Chinese people and continue to offer healthy lifestyle to its consumers in terms of low-carbon and regimen formulating
a series of low carbon and healthy product, providing consumers with a comfortable and ideal living environment as well as bearing
the social responsibilities of low carbon, energy saving and emission reduction. In 2010, we are looking forward to the launch of
Chang’an Ave in Beijing, Aoyuan Zhongshan Plaza, Aoyuan Plaza and Nansha Aoyuan.
Leveraging on the brand concept of “Building a healthy, low-carbon lifestyle”, adhering to the established foundation of performance
appraisal system in 2009 as well as optimizing the incentive system and training of high calibre staff, I believe that China Aoyuan will
strive to realize the sales target of 2010.
“No matter what the location is, China Aoyuan is always in place for those pursuing physical and mental healthiness and harmony,
splendid environment and clean air.” Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders,
investors, business partners, customers and those concerning about our Group in the public for their unfailing confi dence and
support on the Group and wish them have a healthy and fruitful life. Meanwhile, I would also like to take this opportunity to thank
members of the Board for their hard work and all staff members for their professionalism and expertise.
Chairman
Guo Zi Wen
19 April 2010