Chairman s Statement 
Mr. Guo Zi Wen 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company, I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2008.
It was a year with extremely complicated and ever changing economic situations in 2008. Under the influence of negative factors such as tight austerity measures and the global financial crisis, the real estate markets in large and medium sized PRC cities were generally experiencing a downward adjustment. Property prices were falling, sales volume was contracting and the will to purchase properties was continuously declining. The wait-and-see sentiment was also getting even stronger as confidence indices declined. All of these have completely shifted the market from a seller s market to a buyer s market. In view of such market changes, the management of the Group has adjusted its operating targets and operating strategies in timely manner during the year. Keeping a clear mind, the management proactively responded to the market changes, and has formulated a strategy of Maintaining a state of surpluses and financial stability, Adopting a Cash is King strategy, Planning production according to sales, and Scurrying with small steps , successfully avoided exposures to high land prices, and maintained adequate cash flows. In the mean time, the Group has also been improving the corporate management and optimizing the structure of human resources, and formulated a performance reviewing policy of Reducing costs, Promoting sales and Creating outstanding works . With a series of reform, the management has laid a solid foundation for our development in 2009.
During the year of 2008, the Group has also won numerous awards, including 2008 Influential Property Enterprise Brands in China (q_-N Wv?b0W"u TLrOmi), 2008 China Enterprise with Strongest Brand Power In The Industry (-N W TOKNgwQLmiTLrROmi), Thirtieth Anniversary of China s Reform and Opening Up Meritorious Award Top 30 Residential Construction of Guangdong (9ei>e30t ' qgOO[-307_), Famous Brand of Guangdong Province (qgwW TFUj), and Top 20 Guangdong Property Enterprises with High Credit (qg0W"uO207_), which was acknowledged by financial institutions including the four major state-owned commercial banks, for seven consecutive years, etc.
A series of regulation and control measures launched by the Chinese government have been successful, and a number of rescue packages have already taking effect. The Chinese government continues to scale up its support to real estate companies, introducing favorable policies for property development, construction, trading and holding as well as in respect of credit financing and others. For example, the government implemented The 15 Opinions of Guangdong (Opinions on Promoting the Stable and Healthy Development of the Real Estate Market of the 
0eO2bw?b0W"u4XsizeP|vUvra 0), which, among others, extends the period for payment of land premium, allows payment of land appreciation tax in installments, and provides credit support.
Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my sincere appreciation for the consistent confidence in and support for the Group from our shareholders, investors, business partners, customers and others who devote attention to the affairs of the Group. I would also like to thank our Directors of the Board and our employees for their hard-working, admirable work ethic and 
Chairman and CEO Guo Zi Wen 24 April 2009 
