Chairman s Statement 
If the year 2013 was the start of mobile transformation for our core businesses, then 2014 was a year of outstanding achievements in mobile transformation for the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group or Kingsoft ). Our total mobile Monthly Active Users (the MAU ) continued a rapid growth and exceeded over 481 million in December 2014, compared with 210 million a year ago. Over 63% of our mobile MAU were from overseas markets in December 2014.
In the fourth quarter of 2014, 37% of the revenue of Cheetah Mobile s Inc. ( Cheetah or Cheetah Mobile ) was from mobile services. These performances showcase that we have made excellent progresses in all of our priorities from gaining traffic share, accelerating global market expansion and strengthening mobile monetization capabilities. In addition to the accomplished mobile transformation, all of our three major business lines delivered outstanding results in 2014, amongst which Cheetah s achievement was particularly impressive. On 8 May 2014, Cheetah was successfully listed on the New York Stock Exchange. As we continue to invest aggressively in mobile application development, global market penetration and global mobile monetization, we are well positioned to take the tremendous opportunities ahead, driven by the explosive development of the global mobile internet.
The year 2014 was also a critical turning year for our strategic business of Kingsoft Cloud Holdings Limited ( Kingsoft Cloud ). In 2014, we decided to focus our cloud efforts on enterprise services by disposing Kuaipan Personal Edition business in September 2014. We are excited to see substantial progresses in the development of our cloud storage and cloud computing services. The daily average data uploaded onto our storage services was approximately 258 terabyte in December 2014, driven by the soaring increase in cloud storage users and organic mobile user data. Now, more than 90 games are operated on our platform, including MU Miracle ( hQlGY ), China s blockbuster mobile game in 2014.
All of these metrics showed that it was the right time for us to focus and invest on the next great opportunity, enterprise cloud storage and cloud computing services. As a significant step forward for our cloud business, we unveiled the ALL IN Cloud strategy in December 2014. This strategy entails making huge investments into cloud technology development, talent recruitments, market expansion and cloud service infrastructure building. We are dedicated to building Kingsoft into a leading cloud service provider in China in the coming years.
2014 was another year of continued strong growth. We delivered a solid annual top line growth of 54% and our total revenue reached RMB3,350.1 million. All of our business lines achieved record highs in terms of revenue and operation metrics. Excluding the effect of share-based compensation costs, the operating profit for 2014 declined 4% year-over- year to RMB715.5 million and operating profit margin decreased by thirteen points year-over-year to 21%. These results are in line with our proactive investment strategy in mobile transformation and trading off short term profit for long term greater gains in the future. I am pleased with the outstanding performances and execution of our strategies, particularly the swift expansion of our global mobile user base, the substantial improvement in mobile monetization capability and the accelerated growth of our cloud services.
2014 was a milestone year and marked a new start for Cheetah. It delivered another year of impressive achievements in terms of revenue and operating metrics. For the year 2014, the revenue for Cheetah recorded a growth of 141% year- over-year. The strong growth momentum was supported by the significant progresses we have made in exploration of global mobile monetization, mobile traffic expansion and strengthened monetization capabilities of PC-based user traffic.
In terms of revenue growth rate, the breakthrough in global monetization is particularly impressive, driven by the strong and accelerated growth of global mobile advertising market and Cheetah s unprecedented efforts in expanding our mobile advertising business worldwide. For the fourth quarter of 2014, revenue from mobile services of Cheetah grew 98% quarter-over-quarter and 635% year-over-year to RMB217.4 million, which represented approximately 37% of its total revenue, compared with approximately 11% a year ago. Mobile MAU of Cheetah soared at an impressive rate of over 138% year-over-year to 395 million, approximately 69% of which were from overseas markets. I am also excited to see that CM Security, which was launched in January 2014, has rapidly grown into the second leading mobile application of Cheetah. Our flagship mobile application, Clean Master continued to rank #1 in downloads within the Tools category on Google Play in December 2014 according to APP Annie Limited and CM Security took the #2 position.
Online game business continued to grow at an annual rate of 14% in the year of 2014, outpacing the average annual growth rate of MMO gaming market in China. Thanks to the release of a series of expansion packs in the past year, the revenue of our flagship game, JX Online III, increased 54% year-over-year to reach RMB705.3 million following a consecutive two-year, nearly double annual rate. In November 2014, JX Online III achieved a new record in terms of revenue and APA with the launch of the expansion pack Cang Xue Long Cheng ( W ). In November 2014, our first self-developed mobile game Transfiguration, Lord! ( 'T ;NlQ ) was launched and well received by the 
The past year marked a year of change for Kingsoft WPS Office. Total revenue from WPS Office, net of advertising revenue derived from cooperation with Cheetah posted a slight growth of 1% year-over-year to reach RMB290.7 million in 2014.
The monetization on traffic from of WPS Office Personal Edition users exceeded our expectation, driven by the rising usage of WPS Office, our improved monetization capability as well as the cooperation with Cheetah. The MAU of WPS Personal 
Edition continued to increase and exceeded 82 million in December 2014, compared to 62 million a year ago. However, we have observed a slight decline in WPS sales to government agencies, following a peak in the year of 2013. During the year of 2014, WPS Office focused its efforts on the mobile office application development and global user base expansion.
In July 2014, WPS Mail and WPS Mail for Xiaomi phones were launched, adding a key function to our mobile WPS productivity suit, which enhanced the email experience of Android phone users. Our global mobile MAU of WPS family increased 96% year-over-year to 85.6 million in December 2014, amongst which mobile MAU of WPS Office were 65.5 
2014 was a turning year and had laid a sound foundation for Kingsoft Cloud, as cloud services became mainstream and experienced explosive growth in China. The successful provision of cloud storage services to Xiaomi Corporation ( Xiaomi ), the year s fastest growing smart device provider in the world, and the excellent provision of cloud computing services to MU Miracle ( hQlGY ), the China s phenomenal blockbuster mobile game in 2014, marked a milestone of our capabilities in the provision of cloud storage and computing services. We are most encouraged to see the daily average uploaded data into our storage services soared to approximately 258 terabyte in December 2014, compared to 61 terabyte a year ago.

Looking forward, Cheetah will continue to invest aggressively in mobile application innovation, big data analytic research and global market expansion as well as global mobile monetization. Clean Master and CM Security will maintain their strong growth momentum as Cheetah s flagship mobile applications that continue to deliver innovative and better than expected mobile experiences. Leveraging the fast development of mobile internet market, strategic collaboration with Samsung and Xiaomi, as well as the expansion of geographic coverage, the user base of our mobile applications will continue to expand rapidly. As the global mobile advertising market booms and evolves fast, we expect the mobile platform of Cheetah will continue to attract user activities and advertisers and mobile advertising will become our strong growth catalyst in the coming year. Additionally, Cheetah s recent acquisition of MobPartner S.A.S. will further enhance our global mobile monetization capabilities and extend the footprint of our advertising business. Going forward, we remain focus on building one of the world s leading mobile advertising platforms.
With its proven track record of growth and increasing popularity, we expect JX Online III will maintain its growth momentum in the coming year as we continue to provide ingenious and better than expected game experiences. A number of expansion packs for JXs will be launched in 2015 to further stimulate and consolidate our gaming population.
We have more than ten mobile game projects currently under development, a number of which will be commercially launched in 2015. We expect revenue from mobile games will become an important growth catalyst for online game business in the coming year.
We expect the enterprise sales from Kingsoft WPS Office will resume its strong growth momentum, driven by the increasing demand for office software services across devices as well as the improved IPR protection policies in China. In addition to enterprise sales, we will continue to explore the monetization on traffic of WPS Personal Edition, which will be a growth catalyst for Kingsoft WPS Office in 2015. More importantly, we will focus on the new mobile office application developments and the worldwide mobile user base expansion. We will also start to explore the monetization opportunities on the traffic of our mobile WPS Personal Edition.
In the past year, we have established competitive capabilities in providing cloud services to meet the needs of rapid growing mobile internet companies, with phenomenal successes in mobile user data storage service and mobile game platform service. In 2015, with increased investment, we will accelerate our effort in extending our storage service capabilities into new markets and vertical applications. We expect revenue from Kingsoft cloud storage will continue its strong growth momentum, driven by the fast growing shipments of smart devices and mobile user data, as well as the penetration of cloud service into new sectors. Also, we will increase our investment in cloud computing services to ensure we continue expanding our share in mobile game platform market and extending to other non-game industries. We expect revenue from our cloud computing services will also gain strong growth momentum. To accommodate the explosive growth in demand of cloud services and achieve our business goals, we will invest heavily in building cloud service 
Looking forward, we will continue to execute our mobile transformation and ALL IN Cloud strategies. Given the encouraging performances of all our business lines in 2014 and our solid execution capabilities, we are confident that Kingsoft will maintain its strong growth momentum in terms of top line and mobile internet transformation and will reach new heights in 2015.

The PRC, 20 March 2015 