CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS
Kingsoft has achieved an outstanding performance in 2016. We launched JX Online I mobile game which was one of
the most successful mobile games in 2016. Its exceptional performance showed the great IP value of JX Online series
and signifi ed our breakthrough in the mobile game business. Kingsoft Cloud’s customer base and revenue increased
signifi cantly, and its profi t margin also improved continuously in 2016; and more importantly, it took the leading position
in the rapidly growing video cloud market. The MAU of WPS Offi ce Android exceeded 100 million for the fi rst time in
November 2016. The revenue contribution from WPS online marketing services has grown rapidly, especially from its
mobile online marketing services. Cheetah Mobile’s content strategy made signifi cant progress, and its revenue and profi t
resumed sequential growths in the second half of 2016. In the future, we will remain fully committed to these key business
sectors and strive to maintain the strong growth momentum.
2016 was another year of consistent and strong growth in terms of the Group’s revenue. We achieved 46% annual
revenue growth and our total revenue reached a new record high of RMB8,282.1 million. Though we have made
impairment provisions on the carrying value of our investments in Xunlei and 21Vianet in 2016, this one-off factor was not
supposed to prevail upon our outstanding business performance. We are glad to report an improved operating profi t level,
while we kept focused and invested heavily in our core businesses. The operating profi t for 2016 increased 79% year-overyear
to RMB972.9 million, and the operating profi t margin increased by two percentage points year-over-year to 12%.
Driven by the steady and sustained revenue growth generated by its utility applications, total revenue, mobile revenue and
overseas revenue of Cheetah Mobile all hit record highs in the fourth quarter of 2016. Cheetah Mobile implemented a
number of strategic initiatives in 2016, particularly in its content strategy, to counter the headwinds its business faced early
in the year. As the Cheetah Mobile’s profi t center, its mobile utility applications have continued to expand its profi tability,
which in turn supported its mobile content strategy. Product-wise, Cheetah Mobile remained the third largest publisher of
non-game mobile applications in applications Google Play Worldwide in February 2017, according to App Annie. Two of
its content-driven applications, Live.me and News Republic, demonstrated strong growth, particularly in the U.S. market.
According to App Annie, Live.me has become the No.1 grossing social application in the U.S. on Google Play since August
2016, and remains one of the top-5 social applications on Apple App Store. In addition, News Republic has been the No. 1
news application in the U.S on Google Play since December 2016. While its overall utility applications segment enters
into its mature growth stage, Cheetah Mobile’s investments in content-driven products established a solid foundation
for another round of strong growth in the coming quarters. Looking ahead, Cheetah Mobile will remain focused on
connecting its over 600 million global Mobile MAU with more personalized and richer content by capitalizing on emerging
artifi cial intelligence technologies to establish a sustainable and profi table business model for the long term.
In 2016, the Group achieved brilliant results in both PC games and mobile games. Its fl agship PC game JX Online
III marched into its seventh year with strong and sustainable growth as its revenue totalled RMB1,392.8 million,
representing a year-over-year surge of 56%. JX Online I mobile game was launched in May 2016, delivered an outstanding
performance, consistently ranked among the most popular mobile games on Apple App Store. The game was also
introduced to Vietnam during the year and achieved great success in terms of both popularity and revenue contribution
in that country. In 2017, we are to deeply develop the great IP value of JX Online series, introduce the third mobile game
under the JX Online series and commence the pan-entertainment expansion of JX Online series. We will also cooperate
with 70yx and NetDragon to launch the Genghis Khan and Eudemons Online mobile games, as well as join forces
with iQiYi to initiate the fi lm blockbuster and TV program IP adaption business. We are integrating our rich resources,
enhancing the development of both PC and mobile games, and aiming to create more game classics in the future.
All business segments of Kingsoft Cloud reported impressive development in 2016 and sustained strong revenue growth
of approximately 171% year-over-year, with improved profi t margin level. Revenue from the game cloud business grew
steadily in the fourth quarter and succeeded in bringing in key customers with major infl uence in the industry including
Perfect World, Giant and Snail Games. On the customer service front, Kingsoft Cloud hosted the “the Game Ecosystem
Annual Conference 2016” and secured the market recognition and trust from customers, enabling it to consolidate
the brand awareness and reputation of Kingsoft Cloud and pave the way for future business development. In addition,
Kingsoft Cloud continued to lead in the video cloud sector, and introduced a live streaming monitoring and assessment
platform during the year, providing the market with a more comprehensive overall live streaming service. Kingsoft Cloud
also actively expanded its government cloud and healthcare cloud businesses in the fourth quarter. Looking ahead,
Kingsoft Cloud will step up promotion of the hybrid cloud business and position itself as an operation and maintenance
solutions specialist in the game industry. Furthermore, it will continue to perfect its live video cloud streaming products,
expand the government cloud and healthcare cloud markets, and pursue cooperation to expand the sales network,
thereby attaining greater achievements for Kingsoft Cloud’s development.
The revenue of Kingsoft WPS offi ce software business recorded steady growth, within which the online market services
business expanded rapidly. In November 2016, the global MAU of WPS Offi ce Android exceeded 100 million for the fi rst
time in history. During the year, the revenue of enterprise software sales and the software utilization rate increased due
to contribution from the new business model which leads to increasing user loyalty and better reputation. Within our
software suite, the WPS Offi ce mobile version was continuously recommended by Apple App Store and Google Play.
Moving forward, Kingsoft WPS is striving to consolidate its user base to maintain the growth capability of its core products,
improve retention rate and strengthen user connectivity to the cloud service to realize revenue growth and create better
experiences for users.
As a fi rst class internet company, continuous innovation and optimization of our resources are the foundation of our
development and our business success. In the past, we have seen rapid development in our mobile transformation and
cloud business investment and we were able to seize market opportunities and embrace changes, which has enabled us
to achieve great success. We believe the new era will bring new opportunities while application of artifi cial intelligence
is set to become a major global development trend. Going forward, while we keep focusing on our mobile and cloud
businesses, maintaining strong revenue growth momentum, we shall also start to explore new opportunities in the artifi cial
intelligence fi eld and direct ourselves to open a new chapter of growth for the Group and deliver additional value to all of
our shareholders.
Jun LEI
Chairman
Hong Kong, 21 March 2017