Chairman s Statement 
Guo Zi Wen 
In 2014, the Chinese economy has entered into a new normal stage under which the economy has grown at a medium-to-high rate. The Chinese property industry has entered into a period of adjustment subsequently. The central government has successively promulgated a series of mini-stimulus measures to stabilize the growth, and has underpinned owner-occupier housing demand by cutting targeted required reserve ratio and promulgating National Five Rules. Since September 2014, the Chinese property industry has stabilized amid further easing policies, including mortgage loan loosening and 
Although the property industry is facing many challenges, the Group maintained strong growth momentum, and achieved continuous development in 2014. During the period, the Group recorded contracted sales of approximately RMB12.22 billion with contracted GFA sold of approximately 1.34 million sq.m., representing an increase of approximately 22% and 25%, respectively, as compared with the same period of last year. The first two months of 2015 maintained robust momentum of the fourth quarter of 2014, and recorded contracted sales of approximately RMB1.8 billion, representing an increase of approximately 28%, as compared with the same period of last year.
In the first half of 2014, the Group successfully issued a new 5-year, US$300,000,000 senior notes, which was highly sought after by the international capital market. This issue further optimized debt structure, while extending the debt maturity profile. In the second half of 2014, the Group introduced Huaxia Life Insurance Corporation Limited ( Huaxia Insurance ) into its project company as a strategic investor by means of capital injection to facilitate an asset-light model, therefore strengthening cash flows and maintaining the gearing ratio at a reasonable level.
In 2014, the Group successively acquired 8 quality residential and commercial projects with a total gross floor area ( GFA ) of approximately 2.66 million sq.m. for a total consideration of RMB4.6 billion in Guangdong and Chongqing, to ensure sustainable development. The Group will continue the prudent land strategy, focus on areas with existing presence and optimize the land bank through diversified channels, so as to further strengthen market 
In 2015, the Group will maintain stable development while seizing new market opportunities. The Group will continue to implement the strategy to develop commercial and residential properties in parallel, and adjust the proportions of commercial and residential properties in dynamic manner to speed up sales and cash collection.
The commercial properties will retain the asset-light model, primarily with saleable properties and supplemented by investment properties.
Meanwhile, the Group will gradually promote overseas investment and the development of cultural tourism properties, fully embrace the internet, and innovate marketing methods, thereby exploring new 
In 2015, the Group will increase investment in the cultural tourism properties to form a new model. The Group will cooperate with Shanshui Scenery Culture Co. Ltd. ( Shanshui Scenery Culture ) to develop a Zen Culture Tourist City in Aoyuan Shaoguan Impression.
Shanshui Scenery Culture is founded by Mr. Mei Shuaiyuan, the founder of large scale scenic performance in China. As a leader of cultural tourism projects investment and operation in China, Shanshui Scenery Culture has successfully produced over a dozen of scenic performance, including Impression Liu Sanjie (Guilin and Yangshuo), Zen Shaolin (Mount Song, Henan), Worship Ceremony Mount Tai (Mount Tai, Shandong), and Princess Wencheng (Lhasa, Tibet), etc..
The Group has invested Shanshui Scenery Culture since 2011, laying a solid foundation for developing composite real estate with a cultural 
In March 2015, Aoyuan acquired 130 Elizabeth Street of Sydney, the first overseas project. Through gradual overseas expansion, the Group aims to diversify asset portfolio and operation modes.

In 2015, the Group will increase the application of internet technologies. The Group will apply mobile internet mindset and technologies to enriching and broadening product lines, and to providing our residential and commercial customers with more value- added services, further promoting sales.
At last, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all our shareholders, investors, business partners, property owners and attentive media and general public for their unfailing trust and support. At the same time, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to our directors, management and staff for their hard work.
Guo Zi Wen 
17 March 2015 