Chairman s Statement 
Guo Zi Wen 
In 2013 the Chinese economy maintained stable and faster growth.
The property purchase restriction and mortgage restriction policies were strictly executed continuously in all regions. The austerity measures entered into a stable and transformation phase as a whole.
The real estate market in general operated steadily. The development of the whole sector moved on a favorable trend while the turnover and related development resources were further concentrated in brand companies. There were substantial growth in construction and transaction volume of commercial and residential properties.

In 2013, the Group continuously adhered to the development model of rapid development and rapid sales , insisted on the product strategy of developing commercial and residential properties in parallel, focused closely on the core targets of achieving sales targets, implementing cost control and further expansion, fully increasing gross profit margin . With the joint efforts of all employees, in 2013, the Group achieved good contracted sales results with total contracted sales of approximately RMB10.038 billion, or a substantial growth of approximately 91% as compared with 2012, which marked a new chapter in the development history of Aoyuan. At the same time the Group increased investment for development, expanded the quality land bank, and obtained successively 8 quality residential and commercial property projects located in Guangzhou, Chongqing, Foshan, Jiangmen, Yangjiang and Meizhou, aggregating approximately 2.13 million sq.m. of GFA in total, laying a solid foundation for Aoyuan to enter into a new phase of rapid 
In 2013, the Group actively expanded the financing channel. In January, the Group further issued USD100 million senior notes due 2017 at a premium, to support speeding-up the development and rapid growth of the Group. As for commercial property, the Group laid excellent basic layout with six Aoyuan commercial complexes in Guangzhou, namely Guangzhou Aoyuan City Plaza, Guangzhou Aoyuan Beyond Era, Guangzhou Aoyuan Kangwei Plaza, Guangzhou Luogang Aoyuan Plaza, Guangzhou Aoyuan Plaza, Guangzhou Aoyuan Health Plaza, representing a strong engine for the development of the commercial property business of the Group. As for investor relation management, the Group insisted on maintaining a highly effective relationship. During the year, the Group made contact with over 1,000 local and international institutional investors and analysts, actively arranged and participated in various investor relations activities, and met with over 200 institutional representatives. We had a positive and effective two-way communication with shareholders, investors and the media through professional and continuous investor relations 
In 2014, the economy of China will have continuous growth. Major economic policies will remain stable while real estate sector will keep on a stable development trend. For property market, the 
government proposed to restrain demand for investment and speculation purposes, increase the supply of small- and medium-sized housing and affordable housing etc, establish a long-term regulatory mechanism and foster sustainable and healthy development of the property market. Amid the current complex and changing market environment, the Group will continue to keep a keen market sense and take initiative to master opportunities in the market.
2014 is a new start of rapid development cycle for Aoyuan. The Group will continue with the development strategy of rapid development, rapid sales as well as the product strategy of Commercial and Residential Properties in Parallel , by a stricter control over the efficiency of all business processes to ensure the realization of the sales, property delivery and profit margin target for the year 2014.
The Group will continue to the deepen and actively implement management standardization and product standardization, we will continue to strengthen cost management, further refine cost management, enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of the operation management of the Group.
The Group will continue to actively expand and optimize land bank, continue to closely monitor market developments and adhere to our strategy of focusing on land acquisition in areas with existing presence where there are strong end-user demand and affected by the macro-economic control policies by the central government to a lesser extent, pay more attention to tier one and tier two cities, make more efforts on the Transformation of the Three Olds and urban renewal projects and actively expand financing channels to support the rapid development and rapid expansion of the Group. We will continue to flourish and develop our commercial property projects to support the rapid development of the property business of the Group; and we will actively explore development models such as developing tourist property, cultural property and health property etc, search for new path and new models for the Group s long term development.

The Group will continue professional, effective management of investor relations, ensure a high degree of corporate transparency, develop a mutually beneficial long term relationship with capital markets and consolidate Aoyuan s shareholders base. At the same time, we will stress aligning brand promotion with market capitalization, work hard to raise market capitalization and brand value. We will improve customer services and property management, enhance the management on customer service for systematization, build up reputation and win brand loyalty to increase the brand value of the Group.
At last, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all our shareholders, investors, business partners, property owners and attentive media and general public for their unfailing trust and support. At the same time, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to our directors, management and staff for their hard work.
Guo Zi Wen 
17 March 2014 