Chairman s Statement 
In the year of 2007, Kingsoft Corporation Limited (the Company , or Kingsoft ) and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the Group ) have made signifi cant progress in strengthening Kingsoft s position as a leading developer, distributor and service provider of online games and applications software in China, based on market share. We have also demonstrated that we are a leader in creativity, sustainability and investment value.
During this year, the management of the Company has demonstrated their dedication and expertise in each of their respective positions. The Board of Directors have also been fully involved in the business by formulating strategies, setting up goals, implementing incentive stock option plans to attract talents, and restructuring the 
Total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2007 increased by 76% to RMB556.6 million, compared with last year. The Group s total audited profi t attributable to equity holders for the year ended December 31, 2007 was RMB164.7 million, an increase of 65% compared with last year. Basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2007 were RMB0.1815 and RMB0.1725 respectively.
We started Kingsoft by developing and selling applications software, and since 1989 when we commercially launched our fi rst offi ce application software WPS 1.0, the Company had overcome various market challenges in the past 18 years. Today applications software still generates a signifi cant part of our revenue. Revenues from our applications software, with a focus on internet security products, increased by 59% to RMB156.5 million, for the year ended December 31, 2007 compared with last year. In 2006, Kingsoft Internet Security received the China Famous Brand award from the Bureau of General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine and the Best Product of the Year in China award by PC Magazine.
In response to changes in the market and customers demand, we have leveraged our strong expertise in applications software to transform ourselves into a successful online game developer in recent years. We used to sell applications software to our customers at retail outlets but now, a larger amount of our revenue is generated from renewable subscriptions and recurring online purchases, which is a new form of service less vulnerable to privacy. For online games, we are moving from two dimensional ( 2D ) and two point 5 dimensional ( 2.5D ) to three dimensional ( 3D ) while the revenue model shifts from pay-to-play to free-to-play and item-billing. Today, Kingsoft is pioneering what we believe to be the future business platform on the Internet, from product to service and from retail to online subscription. According to China Internet Network Information Center ( CNNIC ), China s Internet population grew by 53.3% or 73 million in 2007 to reach 210 million in December 2007. The number of broadband Internet users increased at a higher rate of 57.1% to reach 163 million. Internet penetration rate in China was only 16%, which is much lower than many other countries, and 3.1 percentage point lower than the global average standard of 19.1%, indicating strong potential for future growth (Source: CNNIC, 2008). Industry data shows that our online subscribers are increasing at an impressive rate and that we have a higher percentage of revenue generated by online subscribers than many of our competitors.

CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (continued) Development, operation and distribution of online games is our core business, which contributed over two-thirds of our revenue in 2007. Revenues from our entertainment software increased by 84% to RMB396.4 million, for the year ended December 31, 2007 compared with last year. For the three months ended December 31, 2007, our MMORPGs had an aggregate of 0.6 million daily average peak concurrent users, and approximately 1.0 million monthly average paid users with a monthly average revenue per paid user of RMB37. Our fi rst online game JX Online was launched in 2003 and currently we have in our portfolio four very successful self-developed games and two licensed games. Meanwhile, domestically-developed games are becoming more appealing to local users due to cultural stickiness. The market share of domestic games has surpassed imported games. With gaming developing technique maturing, we believe home-developed games will dominate the China market. Thanks to our strong research and development team built over the past years, we have established ourselves as a signifi cant player in the gaming industry and are poised to capture more growth opportunities. We received the Top Ten Game Developers , Top Ten Game Operators , and many other awards at the Fourth (Year 2007) China Game Industry Annual Conference held in January 2008.
We realized the importance of a strong research and development team who knows the market and knows how to make use of the market knowledge in game planning, development, operation and promotion. We are an early investor and believer in online game talents and technology. Today, we have one of the largest and strongest R&D teams in China s software industry. As at December 31, 2007, we have approximately 953 research and development staffs. We have restructured the R&D resources for entertainment software and applications software in 2007 to optimize our R&D capability. There are four major research and development centers including various game and software research studios located in Zhuhai, Chengdu, Beijing and Dalian with their individually focused specialty. The strategic investments enable shorter game development cycle and faster response to market trends and we are set to launch as many as three major online games in 2008.
Amongst Kingsoft s applications software, during the reporting period, Kingsoft Internet Security software increased the number of users greatly at a rate of over one million each quarter. Its total number of online daily average paying users increased to 7.6 million for the three month period ended December 31, 2007. In August 2007, Kingsoft Internet Security obtained the VB100 Certifi cation . With a relatively low penetration and less intense competition than other segments, we see great potential in the Internet security market. We will continue to enhance our service to capture the exponential growth in online subscribers and extend the subscription period of existing users. We will continue to leverage the Internet to market, sell and distribute our Internet security products. We will continue to introduce and improve our comprehensive customer-care programs and keep a focus on delivery of best-in-class online software service experience. We will increase our investment in the market of Internet security services to small and medium enterprises in 2008.

Within the applications software business segment, we will allocate more resources in developing and operating our Internet security software. On March 27, 2008, we announced our strategic partnership with Baidu, the largest Chinese language Internet search provider, to launch a free Internet security service that will benefi t as many as 200 million users in China. This strategic partnership highlights our commitment to creating a more secure web surfi ng experience for Chinese users.
In 2007, the population of China online gamers reached 120 million with a weekly playing time of 7.3 hours per head (Source: CNNIC, 2008). In China, online gaming subscription revenue grew 67% over 2006 and the market size of online game subscription reached RMB12.8 billion in 2007 (Source: iResearch, 2007 2008). The online gaming market size in China is expected to grow at over 20% annually to RMB40.0 billion in 2011 (Source: iResearch, 2007 2008). With continuously strengthened R&D capability, we will be able to shorten our game development cycle and improve our game quality to better meet players demand. In 2008, we will have three major online games in the pipeline. JX Online World, which is a special installment of the original JX Online series, and The First Myth II, which is the second installment of the original First Myth series, are expected to be launched in the fi rst half of 2008. MAT our fi rst 3D FPS game will be launched in the second half of 2008.
The development of JX Online III, the third installment of the original JX Online series featuring full 3D graphics and powered by our proprietary JX3 engine, has been a focus of Kingsoft and expected to be in open beta in the second half of 2008. Building on the success of JX Online I and II series, JX Online III has been constantly ranked one of the most-anticipated online games by a number of online communities in recent years.
We will continue to leverage our successes in overseas markets and expand our businesses in other selected markets in Asia where our products and services are competitive and appealing to users in those markets, and where we can identify and work with suitable local partners who can facilitate our entry into these markets. We have also established a division specializing in overseas market development. We will continue to strengthen our R&D capabilities and product value to stay ahead of the competition. We are in the process of studying a number of projects for possible acquisition and joint venture with local enterprises which would create synergy with our 
In 2007, Kingsoft completed its initial public offering ( IPO ) and became a listed company in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. This listing is a major milestone for the Company. By tapping the international capital market, we are looking to increase operational effi ciency and investment returns for our shareholders. Creativity and sustainability will continue to be the hallmarks of Kingsoft and our corporate strategies will remain consistent.
To highlight all these achievements, I m very pleased to present the fi rst annual report of Kingsoft. I would like to thank the management and staff for their hard work, and thank all our shareholders and investors for their support and confi dence in our Group.
Pak Kwan Kau 
PRC, March 31, 2008 
