Chairman s Statement 
In 2015, with gradual adjustment of macroeconomic policy and increasing clarity on deregulation of the property market, the market conditions in term of policy regulation faced by property enterprises will be improved. However, after intensified adjustment of the 
property market, it is unlikely to return to a booming market in a short period of time.
As the transition period, the year of 2015 will remain challenging. How long will the transition period last? Will it last for three or five years? In facing the challenges, we can only be perseverance, not pessimistic.

Make Every Effort to Do Right Things and Uphold the Corporate Values of Greentown A good and healthy enterprise should be supported by a sound and comprehensive positive value system. There is no exception in modern or ancient times, in China or elsewhere. Greentown always adheres to its principles of Sincere, Goodwill, Exquisite and Perfection . These are the cornerstones of Greentown s development over the past two decades and our driver at work and in persevering difficulties. They are the most precious market value of Greentown.
In 2014, we gained support and recognition from a vast majority of customers. All we have today were given by our customers.
Greentown would not have existed without their support. Such feeling is particularly strong after a year of ups and downs. This is the result of upholding Greentown s basic value of People-oriented and Customer-oriented and the goodwill of Greentown for the past 20 years.
Let More People Have a Better 
Everyone is entitled to enjoy a better life.
The driving force of social development is to give people a better life with dignity.
We never consider that Greentown only builds houses for the rich. We are simply committed to providing better houses and services to more people. We build houses for young people and for the elderly. In particular, after the drastic changes in the real estate market, Greentown is now committed to building a better life for 
In the Internet era, we need to change our thinking and tools. From the development strategy of the Company to the product positioning of every project, we have to follow the trend of the society and the market and shift from building houses to creating life . We will diversify our product range, further improve the elderly care services and develop suitable products for elder customers. We strive to creating a beautiful community and life for the elderly, youngsters and children.
Greentown as a Role Model of Shareholder Diversity in the PRC The year of 2015 presents a historical development opportunity for Greentown with the introduction of CCCG.
CCCG is one of the most influential construction companies in the PRC and overseas with strong market recognition.
Its strength in resources at home and abroad will complement the future development direction of Greentown.
The brand influence and product creation capability of Greentown are fully compatible with the development needs of CCCG. The effective integration of both parties will have a profoundly positive impact on the future of Greentown.
Greentown will make the endeavor towards a more vigorous, solid and healthy 
Combining the strength and national mission of the state-owned enterprise, Greentown s brand influence and persistence in its corporate values, together with the sound and highly efficient operation of Wharf as a Hong Kong-based enterprise, Greentown s future is promising. Greentown is also expected to become a role model of shareholder diversity in the PRC.

Co-chairman of the Board 27 March 2015 