Chairman s Statement 
During 2011, Greentown went through a tough time from late autumn to severe winter, just the same as many other counterparts in the property industry. Being the focus of the media and press, Greentown faced the storm and became an indicator to the public. Fortunately, the Group is running well despite these challenges. In order to ensure the sustainable development of the Group, we have rationally analyzed the macro situation and proactively engaging in self-refection. We identified three major areas for improvement: we need to pay attention to basic national conditions in China with in-depth consideration and research; we need to concentrate on optimizing and adjusting development strategy of the Group; and we need to focus on consolidating and enhancing the Group s basic skills in the industry.
First of all, we need to pay more attention to the basic national conditions in China as the Group has learnt many lessons from our previous experiences on real estate regulation. Particularly, in 2011, the Group has suffered great loss from our misjudgment on the intensity of control and regulation imposed on the property sector. This has attracted much media attention, much of which were not positive. Clearly, merely focusing on our own business development is not sufficient.
The continual success of our Group requires us to have a comprehensive understanding of the different problems faced by China in its process of modernization, from the macro to the micro. Without doubt, China s urbanization process is in full speed and will not step back. While we have full confidence in this, we also need to be aware of the twists and turns in the process. All transformations in the history of human civilization were challenging and the process of the urbanization of China is such a complex yet great task. It is our obligation to take part in such great process and try our best to adapt to the environment, no matter how hard the environment might be. Looking at it this way, the adversities suffered by Greentown in 2011 should not be regarded as a blow to the Group, but a tough experience encountered by 
Secondly, as a result of our self-reflection, we determined that we have to optimize and adjust the development strategy of the Group. As there was inadequate awareness of the twists and turns of the process of modernization in the past, we were aggressive in seeking growth for the Company. However, we will establish a more stable and sound financial model going forward. In order to fully leverage on the advantages of the Group, we have to maintain the core competitiveness of the Group by concentrating on the development of mid-end and high-end properties. In spite of the challenges, we shall not step back. We shall enhance the quality of our products as well as our services, so that we could build a more solid shape for the brand of Greentown. In short, Greentown will focus on quality but not size going forward. Aside from commodity properties, we will also pay more attention to our involvement in the construction of social housing. While the economic gain from the construction of social housing is relatively insignificant, we believe that the participation in this large and meaningful project will be beneficial to Greentown in the long run. The vitality of the Greentown brand will only grow stronger when more and more people enjoy Greentown s premium products and services.

Once again, we must continue to pay full efforts in sharpening our edge which is the foundation of being the pioneer of the industry. While we appreciate that we still enjoyed a remarkable satisfaction rate in 2011 from the buyers of Greentown s properties based on the findings from various market researches despite market downturn, we also see our competitors are following closely behind. Should our attention strays for even a brief moment, we may lose our buyers loyalty. Therefore, we need to be focused, particularly in such turbulent times. It is essential to strengthen our internal management, and to continuously enhance the quality of our products and services.
In 2012, the real estate market in China may still be in a difficult condition for an extended period. The Group is well prepared for that. As the saying in the Classic of Poetry goes, Late Spring, Verdurous Tress . Spring may arrive late, but when it comes, all vegetations will prosper. Greentown will spare no efforts in preparing to thrive when spring 
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all of our shareholders, directors and institutional partners for their unceasing care and support for Greentown. I also want to extend my appreciation to our staff for their continuous dedication and contributions to the Group.

Chairman of the Board 30 March 2012 