Chairman s Statement 
Adhering to our people-oriented core philosophy, Greentown overcame the challenges posed by macro-economic adjustments and instability within the industry during 2010; and we also achieved growth in our business and heartening sales results. Moreover, the steady recognition accorded to us by our customers and the public meant we remained one of China s foremost real estate developers in terms of our scale and integrated strength. We continuously reviewed conditions and trends within the industry, assessed the prospects for the further development of our business, studied and applied measures to enhance our Company s value, and sought prudent ways to explore and steadily transform the direction of our future growth. We therefore regard 2010 as having been a year of transition.

China s real estate industry forms an integral part of its national economy. The industry has only around 20 years experience of market building and commercialisation. We can therefore say the industry has scored tremendous successes as it developed side by side with the country s rapid urbanisation. It has traversed a road that took developed western countries many decades within about 10 years. All those involved, including government organisations, financial institutions, developers, customers, investors and intermediaries, have adjusted their operations to align with the market s fast growth. However, the industry has lagged behind in some areas, such as the constant systematic enhancement of the fundamental directions of its progress, socio-economic developments, and the balance between the development of commercial properties and affordable housing. Even worse, many in the industry have been unable to act upon, or even recognise, the above issues.
We believe that past and present macro-economic controls have only corrected the industry s development to a certain degree. They have only enabled it to partially reform its systematic design and balance, so as to create conditions for its constant and healthy development.
Companies must therefore recognise the need to adjust their operating strategies and business models further, and to understand and comply with these macro-economic controls (which should also be regarded as the norm). We are certain that modernisation and urbanisation are essential ongoing aspects of China s economic growth. The public s desire for a more civilised society that offers its people ever-better living conditions is never going to change. These factors mean that the real estate industry still has considerable room to grow.
As one of the industry s traditional real estate developers, Greentown has always firmly practiced its ideals cultivating the best professionals, delivering the best real estate products, empowering our staff, creating value for customers, enhancing the beauty of our cities, and producing wealth for our society. These values will never change because we fully understand the importance of real estate in urban life, society and civilization. We firmly believe only the best staff can deliver the best real estate products. Also, we are convinced we will only earn the market s continuous endorsement if we can fully satisfy the public s desire to improve their living conditions. Furthermore, we are sure that sound governance practices and effective operations that respond to changes in the market situation are essential prerequisites for our Company s vision of optimising the success of its transition into an organisation that continuously enhances its efficiency and maximises the long-term value it delivers to its 
Based on the above analysis of the current fluctuations in the industry, and a desire to maintain the strong and stable recognition of the Company s value in the market, Greentown began to implement a more specific training strategy during 2010. This comprehensively covers both our project managers and our management team. We also began to establish expert consultancies. Such measures have served to integrate and improve the Company s management structure, our product range, and our cost control systems. At the same time, we explored new construction project opportunities based on our traditional business model of strategic partnerships. We hope we will thereby create a better management team, make our real estate management department more professional, and establish more efficient management systems. Also, we aim to improve our managerial efficiency by implementing new professional and standardised systems and enhancing the flow of information. Meanwhile, we will further expand the potential for the Company s development by promoting a business model that features branding and management consultancy services to external parties.
These measures will serve to facilitate an appropriate separation between our management and capital, and the gradual transition of our development mode. In 2011, we will continue to devote ourselves to driving the abovementioned initiatives in order to enhance our core competitiveness in this new phase of the Company s development, thus ensuring our more stable development in the long term.
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all of our shareholders, directors, and institutional partners for their unceasing care and support for the Company s growth. I also want to extend my heartfelt appreciation to our staff for their continuous dedication and contributions to the Company s success.

28 March 2011 