Chairman s Statement 
2008 was an exceptional year for the Company development history. During the year, the market fluctuated enormously and various policies were implemented.
As an industry closely related to the macro-economy, the property industry went through severe changes and the Company also met difficult challenges in 2008.
The Company achieved a slightly better sales performance than 2007 amid the changing market. The reason would be that the products of the Company were recognized and loved by the market and they were good choices under the uncertain market, rather than a matter of luck. This provided more confidence for the Company to adhere to quality in its strategies.
Abrupt changes of the market may be mind-clearing to drive the Company to notice those problems easily neglected during robust market condition. Good quality implies a deep understanding and reasonable interpretation and it does not fulfilled by high cost or extravagance. Efficient cost control is the usual main focus of the Company s management. The introduction and implementation of full budget management in response to market condition will be one of the priorities of the Company s management.
Under the changing market situation, only staff and management team with firm belief and good behavior who are set to meet challenges can create outstanding results. Talented staff is always the core assets of the Company and staff development is the first priority in the management of the Company at all times.
The Company s long term strategy is to be determined to turning Greentown into an academy and strengthen the training and teaching for our staff.
Looking into the new year, the market has already showed some signs of recovery.
While the market is still discussing about the sustainability of the boom, we hope the new spring will come earlier than all of us expected. We also believe that there is solid demand for the PRC property market driven by rapid urbanization, and this unprecedented urbanization will be far more powerful than we can expect.
I should like to take this opportunity to thank the shareholders and directors for their comprehension and support and all of the staff for their hard work.

26 April 2009 
