Chairman s Statement 
Let s Keep up the Good Work in 2014! 
How would you describe 2013? For everyone in Greentown, I think the year can be described as one of hardship, yet of great efforts.
The good old days of the property sector have become history and the tough market condition remains. While we have made immense efforts to change and to strive for a breakthrough, our collective efforts are still considered insignifcant in changing the overall situation. Against this backdrop, it can be seen that achieving the results we attained was not easy. Our success can be attributed to the collective efforts of our employees who are particularly outstanding given the current diffcult circumstances.

No matter how challenging the circumstances may be, we believe there is no reason or likelihood for human civilization to regress from a macro- historic perspective. For a country at a certain period of time, the market environment can be harsh and uncertain due to all sorts of diffculties. However, who can usher in sunny days without dedication and hard work? 
Greentown will continue to adhere to the principle of humanism and pursue its operational objectives of exquisite quality and steady operation . In terms of product categories, apart from the traditional residential business, urban complexes located in second and third- tier cities similar to Zhuji Greentown Plaza should become our key focus.
Business wise, we will continuously reinforce construction management following our initial accomplishments in that area, and also continue to develop elderly care service and Cloud services. We will continue to expand the service scope of our products and raise their added value. During this process, both our mindset and management capabilities will encounter diffcult challenges. Starting with the changes in the management team, we have to be resolute in enhancing our operational abilities. The management team s abilities and dedication are crucial to the survival and development of the Company. Managers at all levels, particularly the general managers for each project, must enhance their business operations awareness, master the skill of doing business , and improve their management capabilities in different aspects including product quality, cost control and market positioning, to become qualifed business operators. Strictly speaking, 050912 (i.e. construction commences within 5 months, project on sales within 9 months, receipt of sale proceeds covering the land premium within 12 months) should only be regarded as a minimum threshold for our project developments. To completely overcome our shortcomings in management, we have to make practical improvements to our operational capabilities, enhance our effciency and maintain a smooth and fast pace of project development.

How shall we confront all the challenges in 2014? In short, we should leverage our positive energy. We must collaborate between teams, be proactive and friendly, work with passion, encourage each other, and proceed with optimism& this positive energy has gathered much momentum to inspire others, and I hope everyone at Greentown can exemplify this in 2014.
Let us keep up the good work in 2014! 
Chairman of the Board 21 March 2014 
Our success is attributed to the efforts made by all of our employees and such efforts are especially prominent given how tough the current 
