Chairman s Statement 
In 2015, under the backdrop of the Chinese economic adjustment and transformation and the intensified change of the real estate industry, we still adhered to Greentown s core value of Sincere, Goodwill, Exquisite and Perfection , and always upholds the corporate vision of Creating Platform for Employees, Creating Value for Customers, Creating Beauty for Cities and Creating Wealth for the Community . We treat the home owners as our family, the employees as our root to join hands in creating a better life and a 
We attempt to build the residential areas as a paradise, forging a healthy, happy and longevity ecosystem in the residential zones. Owing to the reinforcement efforts of the real estate industry guided by the government to reduce inventory, majority of people who have urban household registration have possessed more than one house and customer s demand has changed to the pursuit of quality of life. As Greentown entered into its 21st year of development, the Company successfully transformed from a traditional property developer into an ideal lifestyle integrated service provider. The residential zones developed 
and built by us forged a healthy, happy and longevity residential areas which satisfied the various demands of different ages and different kinds of people. All of these formed a complete ecosystem. This is a major upgrade in the real estate field.
Greentown has to come out of the general pattern of development and the most simple and basic industry chain, and find new market demands.
We pursue to becoming an ideal lifestyle integrated service provider. Based on the world standard, we will build the paradise of dream as the commission work of the Creator. This is not a dream but the direction of our efforts.
Customer is our client and also our family. Customers are extremely important to Greentown. Customers are not only our service targets and service objects, but also service drivers and service principals. In the era of service, among the real estate developers in the PRC, Greentown has the best customer base with No. 1 rating in the national- wide customer satisfaction survey for five consecutive years and No. 1 rating in the property service satisfaction survey for six consecutive years. Customers and home owners are the family of Greentown. They not only contribute to the performance and profit of Greentown, but also give care and support to Greentown. Customers are also the principal and drivers of life in the residential zones. It is our mission to serve the society and customers.
Talents are the important assets of the Company. Talents are the most important assets of the Company. They are our subject, starting point and goal.
They constitute our company and is the key reason why we exist. For Greentown to transform from a traditional real estate developer into an ideal lifestyle integrated service provider and to realize a shift from a home builder to a lifestyle builder, all of these need to rely on the excellent staff and the management. Without the joint efforts of all employees, Greentown will not be able to enjoy the past, the present and the future glory. Talents are the principals of Greentown! Greentown s house aesthetics. The precious and most valuable thing of Greentown is that even in such complex commercial society, as a social practitioner of humanistic idealism, we will adhere to our quality standard at the best effort and try our best to change it and improve it. Property itself has a life cycle and will have natural wear and tear. Coupled with the advancement and replacement of technology and the upgrading of people s needs, the demand for high quality properties will always exist and will be increasing, Greentown s good house building keep abreast of the times with inside and outside touch. This is a solid foundation for our transformation into an ideal lifestyle integrated service provider.
For 2015, two keys words to Greentown are services and quality of life . Now our development direction has been set, the key lies in how we are going to implement. We have to understand and set a firm footing for our future development from property building to the provision of living services with a full package of design, implementation and promotion.
We are not allowed to let our customers, teammates, employees and shareholders down and we are committed to develop quality products with our best efforts.

Co-chairman of the Board 25 March 2016 
Lin an Spring Blossom 
