Chairman’s Statement
In 2016, the real estate market boomed with
record-breaking transaction volumes. The
development of real estate corporations
with sales of RMB 10 billion or more
experienced more significant changes.
During the year, with the revolutionary
innovation of the Company and the joint
efforts of all employees, the valuation of
Greentown successfully exceeded RMB100
billion.
Offering ideal living services which
benefit our customers, the Company and
the society
In recent years, Greentown China has
been committed to its vision of evolving
into an “integrated services provider for
an ideal life”. Adhering to our strategy
to develop “platform-based services”,
we have actively engaged in establishing
Greentown Ideal Life Technology Company
Limited. For the past 22 years, Greentown
has been providing ideal living services
which benefit our customers, the Company
and the society. Our contributions to
the rapid development of the real estate
industry have been well recognised. While
maintaining the outstanding quality of
our products and services, the Company
has continued to encourage product
innovation, research and development,
and to establish new varieties and new
models for our services. This has facilitated
the transformation of Greentown from
“building houses” to “building lifestyles”
and established the core competitiveness
for the future of Greentown China.
We build homes for our customers. While
customers receive their new homes, they
become our family members. In the future,
we will satisfy their needs and provide a
better way of living for them through our
living services platform. Constructing
the content of living services with
comprehensive support is essential to the
business model as well as the sustainable
development of Greentown.
The establishment of Greentown Asset
Management has ensured sufficient
resources for the implementation of our
service strategy. Offering ideal living
services is not a slogan, nor does it exist
only on mobile devices or on the internet.
The provision of such services requires
offline support which is guaranteed by
the Company’s extensive network of
auxiliary facilities, such as clubhouses,
hotels, hospitals, schools, and commercial
facilities. Provision of services will play an
essential role in the real estate industry.
In the future, Greentown Ideal Life and
Greentown Asset Management will work
closely with the welfare organizations to
better serve our family members.
Towns providing ideal living environment
With the rapid growth of the PRC's 
economy, cities in the PRC are undergoing
significant changes while traditional
Chinese towns and villages are gradually
becoming desolated. We believe that ideal
towns would serve to realize the pursuit for
beautiful lives of all mankind. By building
ideal towns which are warmer than cities,
yet more civilized than country villages, we
are able to actualize the fantasy of ideal life
since time immemorial. In 2016, Greentown
China established an organization structure
of “one body, four wings”. Within the
structure, Greentown Town Development
is responsible for ideal town projects. By
combining the ideal living environment
and the ideal living services, we attempt to
build paradise-like residential areas with
distinctive features which facilitate and
promote the community culture.
Common Growth of staff and the Company
Progress of work does not only mean
technical improvements, but more
importantly, the positive changes of
mentality. We hope that 2017 will be a
year of progress. One of Greentown’s top
priorities is to provide infrastructure and
support for our employees to technically
and mentally prepare for and adapt
to the ever changing challenges in the
market. By doing so, they can grow and
make progress with the Company, which
is the fundamental goal of our talent
development.
2017 is crucial year for Greentown
China. We will unite as one to maintain
the outstanding quality of our products
and services and innovate living
services. We will continue to adhere
to Greentown’s spirit of truthfulness,
kindness and beautifulness, and to work
towards Greentown’s ideal of “beautiful
construction, wonderful lifestyle”.
