Chairman s Statement 
The year 2012 was not just another year to us here at Greentown, but a symbol representing our Company s spirit.
In 2012, we faced many significant challenges: difficulties in the market, pressures on cash flow, as well as bottlenecks from our own management.
The year 2012 was a measuring stick, showing us just how resilient our Company has been and how much further we can go to achieve our goals.
Confronted with such difficulties and setbacks, we made a firm decision: we will persist and make changes.
After years in the real estate industry, we have formulated fundamental principles for both our business and our lives. These 
principles demand that we adhere to the proper direction, and strive forward along the path we have chosen with our head high and chest out. Our fundamental values and the orientation of our principles will not change, cannot be changed, and are what we must adhere to.
Meanwhile, we confronted the storm facing us head-on with an attitude of innovation, and have completed several key transformations in the period under review. We transformed our operational model from a focus on proprietary development to an asset- light operational model consisting of multi-channel development including proprietary development, commercial construction management, government construction management and social housing construction. We have expanded our product strategy from a purely high- 
end product focus to a market-oriented multi-product portfolio and expanded into pension themed projects and tourist- oriented projects. Furthermore, we transformed our sales strategy from a traditional sales model to an agent-based 
This year, we have a lot to reflect on, to feel grateful for, and to cherish.
Had it not been for the concerted efforts and adherence to our visions from all our fellow colleagues, there would be no determination and courage for Greentown to be revitalized.
Without our clients firm vision and continuous pursuit of the highest quality, the unlimited prospects would not have been available in the real estate industry amidst the constant trials.
Without the devotion of our friends, we could not have achieved a mutually beneficial cooperation nor stable 
Without the shrewd and just media friends and their rightful judgment on the situation, there would be no aristocracy at the top to bestow with respect and trust.
Without the positive energy of the righteous government, there would be no hope of spring while braving the bitter 
Thanks to the numerous driving forces coming together, the dream and glory of Greentown can be forged.
We have higher expectations in 2013.
As Greentown s continuous survival is equipped with all our abilities and dedication, China s continuing urbanization and the people s desire for a better life can and should continue to push us forward.
We are full of confidence as we move forward into 2013, and we believe that in the context of globalization, the world will become more vibrant and tolerant, and China will become more open and thrive in increased urbanization. In this context, our company has the opportunity for transformation and development.
In addition to continuing our incessant pursuit of higher product quality, our company will continue our determination to ensure robust operations, moderate improvements in turnover rates, active adjustments to debt structure, and sensible control of costs and expenses.

Together, with all who desire a better life, Greentown will continue working hard to realize our dreams. In 2013, we hope to bring more and more people the fulfillment of urban civilization.

Chairman of the Board 22 March 2013 