Chairman & CEO s Statement 
Timothy Patrick McNally Chairman 
We are pleased to announce that NagaCorp Ltd. ( NagaCorp or the Company ) reported a 73% increase in Net Profi t of US$44.1 million for the 12 months ended 31 December 2010, amidst a competitive and robust gaming climate throughout the Asia Pacifi c region. NagaWorld continues to appeal to guests from a wide variety of backgrounds, cultures and interests guests not only from the Asia Pacifi c region, but worldwide. With a built-up area of approximately 110,768 square meters, our scope and variety of entertainment positions us as a favorite destination in Indochina.
GROWING BUSINESS AMIDST A COMPETITIVE GAMING CLIMATE Worldwide tourist arrivals for 2010 grew by 6.7% compared to 2009 (Source: World Tourism Organisation). Comparatively, tourism in Cambodia increased by approximately 16% to 2.5 million visitors during 2010 compared to 2009 (Source: Cambodia Ministry of Tourism). Sustained tourist arrivals in Cambodia, along with a stable political environment, have enabled the Group to continue penetrating into the mass gaming market and delivering on its business remodeling strategy. This remodeling has focused on a shift in our business mix and has meant more build-up of our public fl oors and gaming machines, driven by market demand. At the same time, we have maintained a prudent, conservative approach on our junket segment where margins are relatively thin due to commissions payable to junket operators.
We believe that this is the right strategy going forward and that there is favorable growth opportunity in the markets we have penetrated so far. Other target markets are also quickly becoming attractive for us.
Within a competitive and burgeoning gaming climate throughout the Asia Pacifi c region, NagaWorld s performance has kept pace with the robust levels of intra-regional travel and consumer spending which is stimulating steady growth in gaming revenue. Financial indicators have noted NagaWorld s 
Tan Sri Dr Chen Lip Keong CEO 
competitive effi ciency and margin levels compared to other gaming operations throughout the region. Notwithstanding the new gaming facilities which have been launched in Singapore and the record levels of revenue seen in Macau, NagaWorld has remained comparably in line with its regional competitors.
For the year ended 31 December 2010, revenue derived from non-junket business contributed 64% of the total revenue compared to 55% in 2009. This improvement on non-junket revenue has provided the Group with more stable revenue and higher margins, as well as an overall improved business mix.
During 2010 NagaWorld co-marketed and hosted promotional events. These efforts, along with streamlining and constantly improving the Group s food and beverage outlets, helped NagaWorld secure the Best Business Hotel award at the sixth annual International Travel Expo (ITE) in Ho Chi Minh City the largest travel event in Indochina. In addition to this regional award, two other national- level awards at the ITE Best Business & MICE Hotel in Cambodia and Best Integrated Entertainment Destination in Cambodia affi rmed NagaWorld s stature as a destination in Indochina, well patronised by locals and overseas visitors. The Group s marketing and promotional work, as well as regional recognition, have resulted in an increase in non-gaming revenue from US$5.5 million in 2009 to US$10.0 million in 2010.
ATTRACTIVE DIVIDEND YIELD WITH DIVIDEND PAYOUT RATIO OF APPROXIMATELY 7O% The Board has resolved to declare a fi nal dividend of US cents 0.77 per share (or equivalent to HK cents 6.00 per share) for the year ended 31 December 2010. The proposed fi nal dividend, together with the interim dividend paid of US cents 0.71 per share, is US cents 1.48 per share (or equivalent to HK cents 11.5 per share), representing a dividend payout ratio of 70% for the year ended 31 December, 2010.
Based on the closing market price of HK$1.69 on 14 February 2011, the dividend yield was approximately 6.8%, which is impressive among gaming companies in the world.

Chairman & CEO s Statement (cont d) 
During the year, we surpassed our revenue goals, achieving 73% increase in net profi t compared to the same period last year. We achieved these results by staying focused on a remodeled strategy of building-up our public fl oor and gaming machines business, driven by market demand.
This has resulted in a healthier and more effi cient business mix, and has also produced lower earnings volatility for the Group. During this period, 64% of our total revenues were derived from these segments, compared to 55% for the same period in 2009.
We believe that our business remodeling strategy is the right direction going forward. The results from our public fl oor and gaming machines business have been achieved in parallel with maintaining a prudent, conservative approach on our junket business, where margins are relatively thin due to commissions payable to junket operators. This remodeling is part of an evolutionary process for NagaCorp and we feel positive about where it is taking us.
We believe that our integrated marketing strategy will continue to generate consistent results in the public fl oor and gaming machines segment of our business. Our marketing initiatives are positioned to pursue market opportunities as they 
Our junket business continues to be an important component of our business model. After installing a conservative credit policy and relatively low table limit in 2009, and going through an adjustment period as a result of those changes, we are pleased to see our junket fl oor business making progress.
The positive growth levels in this segment of our business occurred in conjunction with credit policies that grant limited credit lines to certain junket operators under strict guidelines and supervision, as well as efforts to encourage wagering on 
As we continue to push forward with our strategy of maintaining a conservative gaming policy aimed at regional mid-size players, and fostering relationships with key junket operators, we believe that we are on a positive trajectory toward steady growth in our junket fl oor business. Our focus is on sustaining our junket business on our terms, which includes a conservative credit policy and relatively low table limit.
This business remodeling is part of our strategic focus on building sustainable, predictable results for 
Tourist arrivals to Cambodia during 2010 represented an increase of approximately 16% to 2.5 million visitors. The majority of these visitors who come to Phnom Penh also visit NagaWorld, making our hotel and 
entertainment complex one of the most visited sites in the Kingdom of Cambodia. We work with various local, regional and worldwide travel and tour professionals to bring tour groups to NagaWorld, reinforcing our status as a popular tourist destination. We believe that as long as the country s tourist numbers continue to increase, the number of visitors to NagaWorld will increase proportionately. This important component of our daily foot traffi c is also a key in growing our mass 
Our strategic priorities for 2011 are 
" Higher earnings Pushing for greater regional gaming market share through providing innovative mass market appeal, as well as 
" Earnings stability Lowering daily earnings fl uctuations by maintaining popular and reasonable table limits and higher business volume from the mass 
" Cost control and improving margins Effi cient and yet competitive commissions to operators, along with higher business volume from the mass market, where no commissions 
" Continuing to maintain a solid cash position gaming on cash terms only. Achieving these priorities and continuing on our positive trajectory will require focus and tenacity. Specifi cally, 
1) Continue driving our mass market growth by tapping into economically burgeoning markets through focused marketing initiatives, and adding additional slots and gaming tables as appropriate.
2) Continue our prudent junket strategy this includes pursuing new markets and continuing to position ourselves as the number one destination for mid-size junket 
Our corporate vision is to become a world class corporation with excellence in our products, people and profi tability for the benefi t of the host nation and all of our shareholders. With a strong management team in place, NagaWorld is intent on positioning itself as one of Indochina s premier tourist destinations, offering international standard services and products to our customers and visitors coming from surrounding and growing economies. The success of our gaming and entertainment business will, in turn, benefi t Cambodia as a host nation and continue generating return for the Company, its shareholders and 
In order to maintain the strategic position of the company and its monopoly and favorable tax status, NagaWorld continues to devise private and public sector participation programs.
NagaWorld will continue this journey of being a good corporate citizen and striving for excellence to uphold its position in the country.

The company has engaged an independent professional party to review the internal controls of the company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) with a focus on anti-money laundering. The independent professional party has performed reviews of the internal controls of the Group and its fi ndings are set out in this report.
The company has also engaged another professional party to assess the investment risks in Cambodia and its fi ndings are set out in this report.

The Board would like to express their appreciation to our employees for their hard work and dedication, and to our shareholders, customers and suppliers for their continued support.

Timothy Patrick McNally 
14 February 2011 
Tan Sri Dr Chen Lip Keong Chief Executive Officer 
