To all our shareholders: We are pleased to announce that NagaCorp Ltd. ( NagaCorp or the Company ) reported a profit in 2008 despite a worsening global economic environment. Our revenue grew by 34.3%, gross profit increased by 12.6% to US$88.0 million and profit attributable to our shareholders or net profit decreased by 20.3% to US$40.0 million for the financial year ended 31 December 2008. Earnings per share was approximately US cents 1.93 (HK cents 15.05 per share) compared to US cents 2.42 (HK cents 18.88 per share) in 
Stable and political economic developments in the Kingdom of Cambodia ( Cambodia ) continued after the national election conducted in July 2008. Our business has benefited from these favorable conditions.
Revenue from public floor tables increased by 36.2% to US$102.7 million and revenue from Junket VIP (previously known as specialised tour group ( STG )) floor tables increased by 30.3% to US$85.2 million. The public floor accounted for 53.1% of the total revenue in 2008. Being the landmark entertainment complex in Phnom Penh, NagaWorld has attracted patronage of both Junket VIP players and Cambodians (foreign passports holders).
Revenue derived from our gaming operations was approximately US$191.0 million in 2008 compared to US$143.9 million in 2007. The increase in revenue from our gaming operations was attributable mainly to the higher contributions of revenue from our public floor tables and Junket VIP floor tables in 2008.

The board of directors (the Board ) of the Company recommends that the final dividend of US cents 0.13 per share (or equivalent to HK cents 1.01 per share) will take the form of a scrip dividend whereby the shareholders of the Company (the Shareholders ) will receive 40% in cash and 60% in scrip shares as their scrip dividend entitlements (the Scrip Dividend Scheme ). Subject to approval in the annual general meeting, the final dividend will be paid to the Shareholders whose names appear on the Company s register of members as at 18 May 2009.

The Scrip Dividend Scheme will be subject to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be allotted thereunder (the Scrip Shares ). For the purpose of determining the number of new shares to be allotted, the market value of the Scrip Shares will be calculated as the average of the closing prices of the existing shares of the Company on the Stock Exchange for the five consecutive trading days up to and including 18 May 2009 (the Closing Prices ). Accordingly, the number of Scrip Shares which the Shareholders will receive in respect of their shareholdings on 18 May 2009 under the Scrip Dividend Scheme will be calculated as follows: 
Number of existing The Final Dividend x 
60% in scrip shares 
Shares to held on The Closing Prices be allotted 18 May 
The Scrip Shares to be issued will rank pari passu in all respects with the existing shares of the Company, except that they will not rank for the Final Dividend. The number of Scrip Shares to be allotted to each Shareholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole number. Fractional entitlements to Scrip Shares will not be allotted but will be aggregated and sold for the benefit of the Company.
Details of the Scrip Dividend Scheme will be set out in a circular to Shareholders to be despatched on or about 21 May 2009. Dividend warrants or new share certificates for the Scrip Shares will be sent to the Shareholders by post at the risk of those entitled thereto on or about 18 June 2009 and dealings of the Scrip Shares are expected to commence on or about 18 June 2009.

Public floor tables " Revenue increased by 36.2% to US$102.7 million " Revenue accounted for 53.1% of total revenue " Buy-ins increased by 109.7% to US$555.9 million " Rollings increased by 147.4% to US$4,073.3 million " Gross profit margin was 39.0% 
Statement (Cont d) Junket VIP floor tables " Revenue increased by 30.3% to US$85.2 million " Revenue accounted for 44.0% of total revenue " Check-ins increased by 8.3% to US$443.4 million " Rollings increased by 19.6% to US$2,373.9 million " Gross profit margin was 50.6% Average check-ins per Junket VIP player were US$29,180 and US$22,702 in 2008 and 2007 respectively.

Our corporate vision is to become a world class corporation with excellence in our products, people and profits for the benefits of the host nation and all our Shareholders. Despite the uncertain global business outlook, we operate in an environment which is forecasted to register growth. Cambodia is a basic agricultural economy with 14 million population of largely rural population. Standard & Poor s still affirmed (on 9 October 2008) a stable outlook for Cambodia, praised the country s economic strategies, pragmatic market friendly directions, fiscal policy as credit strength and ability to maintain a real GDP growth of 7% (MOEF forecast of 5%) in 2009, despite today s financial storms spread.
NagaCorp s conservative gaming policy may well suit in today uncertainty: no gearing, maximum table limit of US$50,000, catering for regional mid-size players and top competitive services continue to guide the strategic policies and directions of the Company. Cambodians reversed flow to home country as a result of political stability and unfavorable conditions in the West also help.
Some of the strategies include catering for the Macau disappeared gaming crowd. Part of the 2009 strategy of enticing operators and gaming patrons from Macau has recorded some interest from operators and players who would like to 
To increase marketing pressure on the Indo-China catchment areas which include strategies attracting more home-coming Cambodians, VGP (Vietnam Ground Programme) are seen to be effective. NagaWorld would also promote proactive programmes e.g. CRP (Complimentary Rated Programme) with regional airlines like AirAsia and Shenzhen Airlines by bringing in suitably qualified players from China, Malaysia and Thailand. With little capex expenses and almost fully completed NagaWorld with low investments costs, NagaWorld can offer competitive complementary hotel accommodation, food and beverage and entertainment facilities for regional players. The low tax rate also helps a lot to allow NagaWorld to continue to devise strategic competitive Junket VIP programmes.
NagaCorp has experience and sailed through difficult years before like the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis and the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) in 2003 and has laid down strategies in place accordingly.

NagaWorld is a competitive product that offers attractive gaming and entertainment facilities.
NagaCorp remains profitable in 2008.
However, in a very uncertain world market, with the rapid deterioration of the world situations and the unpredictable external factors, NagaCorp is cautiously monitoring its business and hopefully in 2009 external factors will not badly affect the financial results in 2009.

In order to maintain the strategic position of the Company and the monopoly and favourable tax status, NagaWorld continues to devise private public sectors participation programmes.
Naga World initiated many social community activities in 2008, noticeably the organization of the Red Cross Charity Dinner attended by the First Lady of Cambodia as the guest of honor, Cabinet Ministers, senior government servants, diplomats, financial community and members of the press from Hong Kong.
NagaWorld will continue this journey of being a good corporate citizen and strive for excellence to uphold its position in the country, irrespective of the vicissitudes of the changing political economic social circumstances.

The Company has engaged an independent professional party to review the internal controls of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) with a focus on anti-money laundering. The independent professional party has performed reviews of the internal controls of the Group and its findings are set out in this report.
The Company has also engaged another independent professional party to assess the investment risks in Cambodia and its findings are set out in this report.

Finally, we would like to express our gratitude to our Shareholders, suppliers and customers for their unfaltering support. We would also like to thank our dedicated staff for their contributions to the success of the Group.
Timothy Patrick McNally Tan Sri Dr Chen Lip Keong Chairman Chief Executive Officer 
26 February 2009 
