CHAIRMAN & CEO S 
We are pleased to announce that NagaCorp reported a Net Profit of US$113.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2012. We achieved these results in the midst of a sluggish global economic recovery as gaming throughout the Asia Pacific region maintained its dominance on the global stage. Despite volatile economic conditions in much of the developed world, NagaWorld continued to benefit from the region s robust atmosphere.
We achieved healthy growth in all of our business segments by implementing a prudent business strategy and operational efficiency. Throughout last year, NagaCorp remained steadfast in maximizing growth for the near and long term, and above all else, building continued value for you, our shareholders.
MARKET POSITIONING FOR REGIONAL 
NagaWorld s strategic geographic location in Indochina is key to our competitive strength in the mass gaming market. During 2012, tourist arrivals in Cambodia continued to significantly outpace worldwide tourism growth and our operations benefited from this tourism activity. During the year, tourism arrivals in Cambodia increased by 24% to 3.5 million visitors, compared to the same period in 2011. Solid visitation numbers from the gaming-centric countries of Vietnam, Korea and China was a prime driver for the Company s continued business 
On the back of strong tourism growth in 2012, the Ministry of Tourism, Cambodia ( MOTC ) estimates that tourist arrivals into Cambodia will reach 7 million by 2020.
The Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) Summit hosted by Cambodia in November 2012 certainly raised Cambodia s international profile in attracting future investments as well as tourist visitation.

We believe that our integrated marketing strategy for Vietnam, Thailand and other markets in the region will generate solid, sustainable results. The Indochina region has been somewhat insulated from the economic slowdown in the developed world, as a result of vibrant organic growth within the region. With a combined population of more than 240 million (Source: International Monetary Fund), the Indochina region represents a significant market for the Company and we believe that our growth in the coming years will be in line with the continued prosperity of the region.
At the beginning of 2012, we set aggressive goals to meet our business objectives. Not only did we meet our goals, we exceeded them. Our business strategy to optimize our products and services, and strengthen our brand awareness in target markets helped increase our revenue 
Our strategic marketing efforts continue to carve NagaWorld a unique niche in an increasingly competitive landscape. For instance, our Golden Edge Rewards Club, which we launched in January 2012, has now captured more than 22,000 members. This loyalty program enables us to understand members profiles, create targeted gaming and promotional marketing efforts, and drive incremental business volume.

Timothy Patrick McNally 
In May 2012, the Company opened its first office in the business district of Ho Chi Minh City to facilitate our sales and marketing efforts in Vietnam. Along with the Vietnam office opening, we also launched a luxury bus service from Ho Chi Minh City to Phnom Penh, as part of our joint effort with the MOTC to promote tourism to Cambodia.
The Company s Bangkok marketing office began operations in September 2012 and is making key inroads into promoting NagaWorld to the Thai gaming market.
Given the 7 daily direct flights from Bangkok to Phnom Penh and the higher spending power of Thais, Thailand offers a unique opportunity for premium mass gaming.

The Company s strategy of segmentising the mass market based on player profiles and playing habits led to incremental business volume in this segment. For example, NagaRock, a premium mass gaming area which opened in February 2012, targets higher-end public floor players looking for a more relaxed and entertaining gaming environment, with higher table limits. NagaRock proved to be a successful casino cell concept and laid a strong foundation for the Company s premium mass gaming business in 2012.
In December 2012, the Company launched another premium mass gaming area called Saigon Palace with 9 gaming tables and approximately 120 electronic gaming machines, to cater to the needs of our Vietnamese 
The proven success of the Rapid1 gaming area in 2011 led to the launch of the Rapid2 gaming area in June 2012. The launch of our rapid gaming areas is one of our strategies to further segmentize the mass gaming players by moving lower end players from gaming tables to rapid gaming machines with lower limits, driving incremental business volume in the overall mass gaming segment.
On our Junkets and VIP business segment, we continued our strategy of positioning NagaWorld as a low-end VIP destination, offering relatively high rolling commission rates while providing quality VIP player experience.
However, to further develop this segment, the Company will begin a strategy that will turn junket operators into casino partners in order to drive rollings and broaden its customer base. This will enable the Company to increase its table limits, while limiting its exposure and managing 
In February 2012, the Company opened 100 hotel rooms and in November 2012, added another 100 rooms, bringing our total room inventory to approximately 660 rooms. Despite the increase in room inventory, the average occupancy rate increased to 83%, compared to 78% in 2011, a reflection of the Company s strong growth 
As part of the Company s long term strategy to continue growing the mass market and VIP segments, the independent shareholders approval in January 2012 to acquire the entire interests in TanSriChen Inc. ( TSC Inc. ) and TanSriChen (CityWalk) Inc. ( City Walk Inc. ) 
Tan Sri Dr Chen Lip Keong Chief Executive Officer 
(collectively Naga2 ) from the controlling shareholder marked a significant milestone for the Company. This future expansion will cater to the growing demand for gaming and entertainment facilities in the region and will help sustain the Company s growth as that demand continues. The completion of Naga2 will solidify NagaWorld s position as a leading integrated gaming and entertainment destination in Indochina.
IMPRESSIVE DIVIDEND PAYOUT RATIO OF 71% As the top performing gaming stock on the Stock Exchange for 2012, NagaCorp continues to deliver profitability and business volume growth at an impressive level compared to other gaming operations in the region, including name brand properties in Macau.
The board of directors (the Board ) has resolved to declare a final dividend of US cents 2.33 per share (or equivalent to HK cents 18.06 per share) for the year ended 31 December 2012. The proposed final dividend, together with an interim dividend of US cents 1.51 per share (or equivalent to HK cents 11.78 per share), results in a total dividend for the year ended 31 December 2012 of US cents 3.84 per share (or equivalent to HK cents 29.84 per share), representing a dividend payout ratio of 71% in 
For many years, NagaCorp has been recognized for its leadership in corporate social responsibility. We will continue our journey of being a good corporate citizen and 
striving for excellence to uphold our responsible position in 
NagaCorp has engaged an independent professional party to review the internal controls of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) with a focus on anti-money laundering. The independent professional party has issued its findings in a report, details of which are enclosed in this annual report. The Company has also engaged another professional party to assess the investment risks in Cambodia and its findings are set out in this annual report.

The Board would like to express their appreciation to our employees for their hard work and dedication, and to our shareholders, customers and suppliers for their continued 
Timothy Patrick McNally 
Tan Sri Dr Chen Lip Keong Chief Executive Officer 
6 February 2013 