Timothy Patrick McNally Chairman 
We are pleased to announce that NagaCorp Ltd. ( NagaCorp or the Company ) reported a Net Profit of US$25.5 million in 2009 amidst a challenging global gaming market. Thanks to our management strength, solid business foundation, robust financial position and unique geographical advantage, we were able to rise above the challenges and deliver solid results in 2009. NagaWorld Cambodia is today a social, events, business and tourist destination, well patronized and frequented by locals and overseas customers from both public and private sectors.
STABLE BUSINESS AMIDST A CHALLENGING GLOBAL GAMING MARKET What is remarkable is that revenue derived from Public Floor tables increased by 151.3% to US$24.6 million and the revenue from Gaming Machine Stations increased by 1,006.5% to US$34.3 million, which signifies a more stable, profitable and reliable income stream.
Attainment of high gross profit margin of 60.4% in 2009 (compared with 45.5% in 2008) has been achieved at the backdrop of cost reduction measures and better business efficiency. Direct costs have been cut down by 56%. Non-gaming revenue has been increased by 120% as the full impact of a completed NagaWorld with all of its amenities is fully functional.
An improving regulatory and supervisory environment of gaming machine stations in Cambodia and the closure of slot machine outlets and sports betting stations has since witnessed a notable growth in the number of slot machines and overall business in NagaWorld. The average number of Slot stations in 2009 was 523, compared with 200 slot machines in 2006. To date, the number of slot stations has increased to 738.
With regard to the Public Floor, the improving political stability and acceptance and success of NagaWorld as a social, recreational, events, business, tourists destination centre, well patronized by locals and overseas visitors, underpinned the 151.3% increase in revenue on the Public Floors. Buy-ins in 2009 were consistently above the level in 2008 and the number of tourist visits, especially from Vietnam, continued to increase.

Tan Sri Dr Chen Lip Keong CEO 
Despite a decline in the Junket Floor business, NagaCorp is optimistic and confident in improving its junket business for two important reasons. First is NagaWorld s ability to continue exercising flexibility in enhancing its commission structure to benefit junkets because of our low tax rate (for instance our commission payable today is a highly competitive 1.7%). The other key reason is our ability to offer competitive hotel Casino Services (such as pricing our 5-star hotel rooms at rates below our competitors, and offering superb VIP Casino services and gaming leisure-related entertainment under one roof). More comprehensive marketing planning initiatives have been launched by dividing our Asia marketing map into 3-polar zones, i.e., Indo China, China and SE Asia.
NagaWorld has also been talking to regional airlines like Shenzhen Airlines, MAS & CAA in order to create more synergy with these carriers. The launch of the Premium Floors (without Junket) has been generating good gaming results.
SOLID BUSINESS FOUNDATION BACKED BY HEALTHY FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND CREDIT POLICY NagaCorp continued to be in a net cash position with no gearing. Bolstered by cash from operating income and collection from debtors, the cash position of the Group was improved and the bank and cash balances were increased by 98%.
As always, we closely monitor and review the performance of our Junket operators and constantly seek to maintain a win-win relationship with them. NagaCorp s management team has also put in place stringent credit guidelines and supervision in order to manage trade receivables and credit risk. In particular, only bona fide operators with excellent credit records are granted credit facilities. We believe that this stringent credit policy will be beneficial to the control and management of Trade Receivables in the future. This has resulted in a drop in Trade Receivables by 15%, from US$60.2 million in 2008 to US$51.0 million in 2009.

ATTRACTIVE DIVIDEND YIELD WITH DIVIDEND PAYOUT RATIO OF APPROXIMATELY 60% The Board has resolved to declare a final dividend of 0.40 US cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of 0.33 US cents per share, it represents a total dividend payout of approximately 60%, based on net profit for the 12 months ended December 31, 2009. Based on the closing market price of HK$0.83 on 8 February 2010, the dividend yield was approximately 7%, which is impressive amongst gaming companies in the world.

NagaWorld is now established as a landmark quality building in Cambodia. Our hotel and entertainment operations, through the extensive range of world class services we offer, has helped NagaWorld become a social, event, business and tourist destination that attracts growing numbers of local and overseas visitors, which has sustained our impressive business growth. Currently, we have 11 food and beverage outlets catering to both gaming and non-gaming patrons, and we offer 158 gaming tables, 738 gaming machine stations and 508 hotel rooms. Furthermore our MICE facility is the largest and the most comprehensive in Cambodia, making us the most popular venue for holding meetings and events.
Political and social stability continue to help tourist arrivals to Cambodia. The outlook for the tourism industry remains positive as the Cambodian government is strongly committed to developing tourism and improving the living standards of its people.
Bringing together the strengths of our distinctive monopoly position in Cambodia, world-class gaming and hospitality services, management experience, as well as our solid financial position and prudent gaming policy, we are confident that NagaWorld can continue to distinguish itself as a leading Indo-China hotel casino complex, offering the best services and products to its customers in the region.
Looking ahead, to drive business growth, we have strategized our priority on the following: Higher earnings Pushing for more regional gaming market share, especially in Vietnam, as well as providing innovative Junket programs and producing more non-gaming revenue; Earnings stability Lessening daily earnings fluctuations by maintaining popular and reasonable table limits; Costs control and improving margins Smaller and yet competitive commissions to operators, and; Improving on cash position Gaming on cash terms only Enhancing our gaming revenue through more innovative Junket programs running on regional captive markets has always been an aim of our international marketing team. Commissions at 1.7% remain one of the highest in the world. Despite this, we have been successful in reducing our costs by adoption of a few cost reduction measures.
Our corporate vision is to become a world class corporation with excellence in our products, people and profitability for the benefit of the host nation and all of our shareholders. With our prudent and appropriate policies in place, NagaWorld can distinguish itself as the Indo-China hotel casino complex and continue to offer international, competitive and quality service and products to its customers and visitors coming from the surrounding and growing economies. The success of the gaming and leisure industries will, in turn, benefit our host nation and generate return for the Company, its shareholders and investors.

In order to maintain the strategic position of the Company and its monopoly and favourable tax status, NagaWorld continues to devise private and public sector participation programmes.
NagaWorld will continue this journey of being a good corporate citizen and striving for excellence to uphold its position in the 
The Company has engaged an independent professional party to review the internal controls of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) with a focus on anti-money laundering. The independent professional party has performed reviews of the internal controls of the Group and its findings are set out in this report.
The Company has also engaged another independent professional party to assess the investment risks in Cambodia and its findings are set out in this report.

Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors, we would like to take this opportunity to express our gratitude to all shareholders and business partners for their support, and to the management team and our colleagues for their hard work and unwavering commitment over the years.
Timothy Patrick McNally Tan Sri Dr Chen Lip Keong Chairman Chief Executive Officer 
9 February 2010 
