Chairman & CEO s Statement 
Timothy Patrick McNally 
We are pleased to announce that NagaCorp outperformed its regional gaming competitors during 2014 ( FY2014 ). We continue to generate positive operational and financial results for shareholders. Excluding the effects of 2013 Electronic Gaming Machines ( EGM ) entrance fee of US$15 million, Gross Gaming Revenue ( GGR ) for the year increased by 23% to US$381 million while net profit of US$136 million increased by 9% over last year. We were able to achieve this while Macau recorded a drop in GGR of 2.6% in 2014 (Source: DICJ Macau). GGR for the VIP segment reached US$188 million, a 41% increase over 2013. Our ability to outperform Macau in top-line growth is attributable to the relatively high proportion of revenue derived from the Mass Market, and the fact that most VIP revenue is derived from South East Asia.
Steady Tourism from Key Markets International tourist arrivals to Cambodia continued their growth trajectory, recording about 4.0 million visitors in the first 11 months of 2014, an increase of 6% compared to the same period in 2013. Visitors from Vietnam 
(20%), China (13%) and Laos (10%) collectively accounted for 43% of total tourist arrivals to Cambodia. The appeal of Cambodia as a travel destination for Chinese tourists is evident from a 22% increase year-on-year to 507,860 in the first 11 months of 2014 (Source: Ministry of Tourism, Cambodia). Continued visitor growth from these gaming-centric countries is one of the drivers of our business growth.
Sound Strategy, Positioned for 
Our strategy of continuous improvement in our mass market segment, along with steady growth in visitation to the property and improvement in table game productivity led to increased business volumes. Our strategy of segmenting the public floor players with our concept of casino cells continued to work well; increasing business volume in the premium mass gaming areas, namely NagaRock and 
In the Electronic Gaming segment, after allowing for a non-refundable entrance fee in 2013, revenue decreased marginally as a result of lower win-rate despite an increase in volume 
(bills-in). The 8% increase in bills-in exceeded tourism growth of approximately 6%. The decrease in the win rate can be attributed to a combination of the increasing popularity of the electronic table game products with a lower hold percentage, as well as the disruption 
Our loyalty program, the Golden Edge Rewards Club, has been tracking well with increasing membership. As of 31 December 2014, the club had approximately 19,000 active members.
This has allowed us to continue its efforts to understand its members profiles, create targeted marketing promotions and rollout player development initiatives to drive visitation and increase spend per player on the mass gaming market.
To increase visitation to NagaWorld, during the year we purchased two Airbus A320s, which have been leased to an independently operated airline, Bassaka Air. Once the appropriate approvals and certification have been obtained Bassaka will, through collaboration with key Chinese travel agents, increase flights to Phnom Penh targeting the Mass Market players with packaged accommodation at NagaWorld.
We also intend to use these aircraft, in addition 
to our two private jets, to fly VIP players from various parts of Asia targeting destinations which do not have direct flights to Phnom 
Our VIP gaming consists of players brought in by junkets, who are either under a commission or incentive program, and premium direct players without an intermediary. Our overseas junket incentive program introduced in March 2013 has enabled us to increase our existing table limits, while managing volatility and credit risk. The incentive program has continued to develop with sequential increases in rollings for the year ended 31 December 2014. Total VIP rollings increased by 35% to US$6.2 billion and the overall win rate was 3.0% (2013: 2.9%). As a result, total VIP Gaming revenue increased by 41% to US$188.2 
To enhance and increase our VIP gaming space, we opened a new VIP gaming area on level 3 of the hotel block adding approximately 47 VIP gaming tables in July 2014. This new VIP gaming area will enable the continued expansion of the gaming operations of the new junket operators signed in 2014, and in the 
Throughout the year we continued our effort to provide internationally recognized products and services to both gaming and non-gaming patrons while continuing to grow market share through our unique position in the region. The expected completion of the NagaCity Walk in the third quarter of 2015 and its subsequent opening in the first quarter of 2016 will enhance the retail experience available to customers and further strengthen NagaWorld s overall appeal to both the VIP Market and Mass Market. NagaWorld has entered into an agreement with the China Duty Free Group, the largest duty-free operator in China, to lease not less than 2,400 square metres in NagaCity Walk, to operate duty-free shopping in the 
The TSCLK Complex remains on schedule for completion by late 2016, with operations commencing in 2017. We expect that the completion of Naga2, together with our present NagaWorld facility, will further enhance our position as the leading integrated gaming and entertainment destination in Indochina.

As disclosed in our interim results announcement on 6 August 2014, we established certain indirect subsidiaries in Russia for the purposes of undertaking a gaming and resort development project in Vladivostok, Russia (the PERC Project ). We expect that the PERC Project will commence operation not later than 2018.
We believe that our strategy of diversifying our business geographically and expanding into a new casino market will drive revenue growth in the long term.
Competitive Dividend Payout Ratio 
As a top-performing gaming stock on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, NagaCorp continues to deliver profitability and business volume growth at an impressive level compared to other gaming operations in the region, including brand name properties in Macau.

Tan Sri Dr Chen Lip Keong Chief Executive Officer 
The board of directors (the Board ) has recommended the payment of a final dividend of US cents 2.11 per share (or equivalent to HK cents 16.35 per share) for the year ended 31 December 2014 (the Final Dividend ). The proposed Final Dividend, together with the interim dividend, the sum of which is US cents 4.18 per share (or equivalent to HK cents 32.40 per share) represents a dividend payout ratio of 70%, based on the net profit generated for the year. The Final Dividend is expected to be paid on Monday, 4 May 2015 subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company at the 2015 Annual General Meeting.

For many years, NagaCorp has been recognized for its leadership in corporate social responsibility. This is no different. We will continue our journey of being a good corporate citizen and striving for excellence to uphold our responsible position in the country.

NagaCorp has engaged an independent professional party to review the internal controls of the Company and its subsidiaries 
(collectively the Group ) with a focus on anti-money laundering. The independent professional party has issued its findings in a report, details of which are enclosed in this annual report. The Company has also engaged another professional party, Political and Economic Risk Consultancy, Ltd., to assess the investment risks in Cambodia and its findings are set out in this annual report.

The Board would like to express their appreciation to our employees for their hard work and dedication, and to our shareholders, customers, and suppliers for their continued 
Timothy Patrick McNally 
Tan Sri Dr Chen Lip Keong Chief Executive Officer Hong Kong, 4 February 2015 