Chairman s Statement 
Timothy Patrick McNally 
We are pleased to announce that NagaCorp continued to generate positive operational and financial results for shareholders with net profit of US$173 million, a 27% increase over last year. Gross Gaming Revenue ( GGR ) for the year increased by 26% to US$481 million.
Our positive results were attributed to a combination of good business strategy, operational and execution efficiency, pragmatic private-public sector cooperation in an increasingly vibrant tourism market in a politically stable country, leading to increasing business volume across all segments of the business. As of today, we operate the largest integrated leisure and gaming entertainment destination in the Mekong Regions.
Steady Tourism from Key Markets International tourist arrivals to Cambodia continued to follow their growth trajectory, recording 4.8 million visitors in 2015, an increase of 6% compared to 2014. Visitor arrivals at the Phnom Penh International 
Airport increased by 17% over the same period. Visitors from Vietnam (21%), China (15%) and Lao PDR (9%) collectively accounted for 44% of total tourist arrivals to Cambodia.
The appeal of Cambodia as a travel destination for Chinese tourists is evident from a 24% increase year-on-year to 694,712 visitors in 2015 (Source: Ministry of Tourism, Cambodia).
The increase in international arrivals into Cambodia was driven by the country s political stability and availability of business opportunities in an emerging market with good tourism infrastructure as a travel 
Sound Strategy, Positioned for 
For the mass and slots market, during the year ended 31 December 2015 (the Year ), buy-ins for all Public Floor tables which provides convenience for players partly explained incremental growth in business volumes. Electronic gaming machines ( EGM ) revenue growth of 62% is attributed to an increase in bills-in of 16% and an additional 
269 EGM installed in 2015. Installation of a ticket-in, ticket-out ( TITO ) system to the majority of EGM in 2015 generating quicker and higher tickets sales also contributed to incremental bills-in growth. The loyalty program, the Golden Edge Rewards Club ( GERC ), had approximately 15,500 active members, which allows the continued efforts of maintaining members profiles, adjusting marketing promotions and rolling out of the player development initiatives to increase the number of visitors by providing a more satisfying and wholesome entertainment 
For the VIP Market (commission, incentive program, and direct players), rollings for the Year continued to be strong, increasing by 27% to US$7.9 billion with a win rate of 2.8%. As a result, the VIP Market revenue increased by 19% to US$222.9 million. In the second quarter of 2015, additional North Asian junkets and tele-betting with a long term junket operator 
The anticipated opening of NagaCity Walk in 2016 to provide an enhanced retail experience to our customers should further strengthen NagaWorld s appeal to both the VIP Market and the Mass Market. China Duty Free Group, the largest duty-free operator in China, will be the operator and owner of the duty-free shop in the premises. We expect that the opening of NagaCity Walk will draw more tourist traffic from China to NagaWorld, which will further strengthen our competitive position.
Based on the current state of development, the gaming and resort development project in Vladivostok, Russia (the PERC Project ) remains on schedule for completion on or before 2018. A ground breaking ceremony of the PERC Project was held at the site on 22 May 2015. Preliminary building approval was given by the Russian authorities and physical site works and construction on site are expected to commence in the first half of 2016. We have established an office at the city center and a number of key personnel have been appointed to monitor various aspects of the progress of the PERC Project.

The relentless efforts to provide internationally recognized products and services to all patrons while capturing more market share growth have earned us an admirable position in the region. We believe that our strategy to diversify our business geographically and expand into new casino markets will drive revenue growth in the long term.
Competitive Dividend Payout Ratio 
As a performing gaming stock on the Stock Exchange, NagaCorp continues to deliver profitability and business volume growth at an impressive level compared to other gaming operations in the regions.
The board of directors of the Company (the Board ) has recommended the payment of a final dividend of US cents 1.89 per share (or equivalent to HK cents 14.65 per share) for the 
Year. The proposed final dividend, together with the interim dividend, the sum of which is US cents 4.56 per share (or equivalent to HK cents 35.34 per share) represents a dividend payout ratio of 60%, based on the net profit generated for the Year. The final dividend is expected to be paid on Tuesday, 10 May 2016 subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company at the 2016 annual general 
NagaCorp is a recognized leader in discharging its corporate social responsibility. We continue our journey of being a good corporate citizen and striving for excellence to uphold our responsible position in the country. For more details of our Corporate Social Responsibility effort, please refer to pages 28 to 37 of this 
An independent professional party has reviewed the internal control procedures of NagaCorp and published its conclusion in our annual report relating to anti-money laundering. The Company has also continued to educate investors by engaging Political and Economic Risk Consultancy, Ltd., to assess the investment risks in Cambodia. Its findings are also set out in this annual report.

The Board would like to express their appreciation to our employees for their hard work and dedication, and to our shareholders, customers, and suppliers for their continued 
Timothy Patrick McNally 
Hong Kong, 1 February 2016 