& CEO S Statement 
Timothy Patrick McNally 
We are pleased to announce that NagaCorp reported a net profit of US$140.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2013, 24% higher than the same period last year. NagaCorp continues to outperform its regional gaming peers on many aspects as gaming in the region continues its global dominance.
NagaWorld continued to benefit from the region s robust atmosphere. The Company s performance during the year was driven by higher business volume from both the Mass and VIP Markets, as well as improved margins from the VIP Market.
Throughout the year, we maintained a prudent business strategy and operational efficiency, while remaining steadfast in maximizing growth, and above all else, building continued value for you, our 
Tourism and Steady Local Economics International tourist arrivals to Cambodia continued to significantly outpace worldwide tourism growth, helping to drive NagaCorp s performance. During the year, tourism arrivals in Cambodia increased by 17% to approximately 4.2 million visitors, compared to 2012. Solid visitation numbers from the gaming- centric countries of Vietnam (20%), China (11%) and Korea (10%) continued to be a prime driver for the Company s continued business growth.
They collectively accounted for 41% of total tourist arrivals to Cambodia. Visitors from China increased by 39% during 2013 (Source: Ministry of Tourism, 
The Cambodian economy remains robust in a recovering global economy, with support from increasing investments in both public and private sectors. The National Bank of Cambodia reported a gross domestic product ( GDP ) growth rate of 7.0% and an inflation rate of 4.0% for 2013. The positive macroeconomic outlook is underpinned by strong growth in the garment and construction sectors, sustained agricultural growth as a result of favorable weather conditions, strong tourism growth and continued inflows of foreign direct investments ( FDI ). In fact, the World Bank projects that FDI inflows to Cambodia will grow by 12% in 2014 to US$1.6 billion from US$1.5 billion in 2013 (Sources: Asian Development Bank, World Bank).
The increases in FDI and tourist visitations point to the rising profile of Cambodia as a business and leisure destination, boding well for the Company s 
Tan Sri Dr Chen Lip Keong Chief Executive Officer 
Strategic Positioning for Regional 
On the back of successful premium mass gaming areas, namely NagaRock and Saigon Palace, the Company continued its strategy to segment the Mass Market and attract higher end public floor players. Aristocrat Private Club, a premium mass gaming area with 31 electronic gaming machines and five gaming tables offering higher table limits, successfully ramped up since its opening in July 2013. These premium mass gaming areas continue to be well-received, with increasing visitations during the year. In addition, the Company raised the minimum table bets on its normal public floor gaming areas towards the end of the year.
The Company s loyalty program, the Golden Edge Rewards Club, has been tracking well with increasing registration. As of 31 December 2013, the program had more than 34,500 members. This has allowed the Company to continue its efforts to understand members profiles, create targeted marketing promotions and rollout player development initiatives to drive frequency of visitations.

At the same time, the Company will continue to develop its VIP Market. Since the implementation of the new incentive program for overseas junkets in March 2013, the Company has experienced a change in players profiles and betting patterns, which contributed to the increase in rollings and win rate during the year. We will continue our efforts to sign on more junkets around the region under the incentive program, which will help us penetrate the lucrative VIP Market in Macau.
The Company continued its strategic marketing efforts in key target markets to provide internationally recognized services to both gaming and non-gaming patrons and continue to carve a unique niche in an increasingly competitive landscape. The five luxury boutiques opened in NagaWorld, Cartier, Piaget, Rolex, Mont Blanc and Jaeger LeCoultre, continue to enhance the high- end retail experience of its patrons and further strengthen NagaWorld s overall appeal to both the VIP and Mass Markets.
In September, the Company entered into an investment agreement with The Administration of Primorsky Territory of the Russian Federation.
With this agreement, the Company will undertake a gaming and resort development project in Russia under the name Primorsky Entertainment Resort City sited on an area with dual frontage and majestic views to the sea and an inland lake flanked by two hills. The Company expects that the complex will begin operations in 4-5 years.
Naga2 is expected to be completed in 2016, with a total build-up area of 116,358 square metres, will feature over 1,000 hotel rooms, 50 luxury VIP suites, up to 18,738 square metres of retail space, a 4,000 seating capacity MICEtheatre facilities and additional gaming space (up to 300 gaming tables and 500 electronic gaming machines). The construction work for Naga2 is in full throttle and when completed, will position the Company as the leading integrated gaming and entertainment 
destination in Indochina. This will also benefit Cambodia as our host nation, and in turn, deliver value to our shareholders.
Impressive Dividend Payout Ratio of 
As a top-performing gaming stock on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, NagaCorp continues to deliver profitability and business volume growth at an impressive level compared to other gaming operations in the region, including name brand properties in Macau.
The board of directors (the Board ) has resolved to declare a final dividend of US cents 2.38 per share (or equivalent to HK cents 18.45 per share) for the year ended 31 December 2013. The proposed final dividend, together with an interim dividend of US cents 1.93 per share (or equivalent to HK cents 14.96 per share), results in a total dividend for the year ended 31 December 2013 of US cents 4.31 per share (or equivalent to HK cents 33.41 per share), representing a dividend payout ratio of 70% in 2013.

For many years, NagaCorp has been recognized for its leadership in corporate social responsibility. We will continue our journey of being a good corporate citizen and striving for excellence to uphold our responsible position in the country.

NagaCorp has engaged an independent professional party to review the internal controls of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) with a focus on anti-money laundering. The independent professional party has issued its findings in a report, details of which are enclosed in this annual report.
The Company has also engaged another professional party to assess the investment risks in Cambodia and its findings are also set out in this annual report.

The Board would like to express its appreciation to our employees for their hard work and dedication, and to our shareholders, customers and suppliers for their continued support.
Timothy Patrick McNally 
Tan Sri Dr Chen Lip Keong Chief Executive Officer 
12 February 2014 