Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
We are pleased to report that NagaCorp
continued to generate positive operational
and financial results for shareholders during
2016 with net profit of US$184 million, a 7%
increase over last year. Gross Gaming Revenue
(“GGR”) for the year ended 31 December
2016 (the “Year”) increased by 4% to US$501
million, compared to a 3% decline for Macau.
Our positive results were attributed to a
combination of solid business strategy and
acumen, operational and execution efficiency,
and an increasingly vibrant tourism market
in a politically stable country, leading to
an increase in business volume across all
segments of the gaming business. Today we
operate the largest integrated leisure and
gaming entertainment destination in the
Mekong Region.
Steady Tourism and Local Economic
Growth
Visitation to Cambodia continued to grow with
international arrivals increasing by 5.0% to 5.0 
million visitors in 2016 compared to 2015, with
arrivals through Phnom Penh International
Airport increasing by 10%. Visitors originating
from Vietnam (19%), China (17%) and Thailand
(8%), together accounted for 44% of total
arrivals to Cambodia. Visitors from China
increased by 20% year-on-year to 830,003
visitors in 2016 (Source: Ministry of Tourism,
Cambodia). Visitor growth continues to be one
of the growth drivers of the Group’s business.
The increase in international arrivals into
Cambodia was driven by the countr y ’s
political stability, an abundance of business
opportunities in an emerging market, and
increasing appeal as a travel destination.
The Cambodian economy also continued to
register stable growth during the Year. The
International Monetary Fund is projecting
real growth in Cambodia’s Gross Domestic
Product (“GDP”) of 7.0% in 2016 and 6.9% in
2017 along with inflation of 3.1% and 2.7%,
respectively.
Strategic Positioning for Regional
Leadership
The Group continued to achieve growth
in the Mass Market segment where Public
Floor Tables buy-ins and electronic gaming
machines (“EGM”) bills-in increased by 12%
and 9%, respectively. This business volume
growth is attributable to tourism growth
into Cambodia, generating increased footfall
into NagaWorld. During the Year, Public Floor
Tables revenue grew by 7%, as a result of 12%
increase in buy-ins. EGM revenue grew by 6%,
as a result of a 9% increase in bills-in and the
receipt of a fee of US$60.0 million (“2016 EGM
Fee”) from an investor for the placement and
operation of EGM in NagaWorld.
As at 31 December 2016, the Group’s loyalty
program, the Golden Edge Rewards Club had
approximately 16,041 active Mass Market
members (31 December 2015: 15,500). The
Group continues its efforts to understand its
members’ profile, create targeted marketing
promotions and rollout player development
initiatives to increase the number of visitors
and the amount of gaming spending.
The Group’s VIP Market comprises players
brought in by junkets, who are either under a commission or incentive program, and direct
players without an intermediary. The overseas
junket incentive program introduced in March
2013 has since enabled the Group to increase
existing table limits while managing volatility
and credit risk. VIP rollings increased by 11%
to US$8.7 billion with a win rate of 2.6%.
Since January 2016, the Group had revised its
overseas junket incentive program to improve
its margins.
Non-gaming revenue increased by 33% to
US$30.7 million, primarily resulting from
higher occupancy and average rates as well
as better performance across all the food and
beverage (“F&B”) outlets.
During the Year, we continued our efforts to
provide internationally recognized products
and services to both gaming and non-gaming
patrons while continuing to grow market share
through our unique position in the region.
The opening of NagaCity Walk in August 2016
marked a significant step in the Company’s
development. NagaCity Walk will enhance the
overall retail experience available to guests
and further strengthen NagaWorld’s appeal
to both the VIP and Mass markets. China Duty
Free Group (“CDFG”), the largest duty-free 
operator in China, has leased about 3,800
square meters in NagaCity Walk to operate
duty-free shopping on the premises. In
addition, the expected opening of the TSCLK
complex in 2017 is expected to enhance
NagaWorld’s appeal to both the VIP and Mass
markets across the region.
NagaCity Walk was completed and acquired
by the Company on 17 May 2016. The
TSCLK Complex (also known as Naga2) was
completed and acquired by the Company on
30 December 2016. It is undergoing fit-out and
is expected to be operational in 2017.
Based on the current state of development,
our gaming and resort development project
in Vladivostok, Russia remains broadly on
schedule for operation by 2019. We have
established an office at the city center and a
number of key personnel have been appointed
to monitor various aspects of the progress of
the project. We believe our strategy to diversify
our business geographically and expand into
new casino markets will drive revenue growth
in the long term.
Maintaining Competitive Dividend
Yield
As a top-performing gaming stock on the
Stock Exchange, NagaCorp continues to deliver
profitability and business volume growth at
an impressive level compared to other gaming
operations in the region.
The board of directors of the Company (the
“Board”) has resolved to declare payment of a
final dividend and distribution of US cent 0.82
per Share/Conversion Share (or equivalent to
HK cents 6.36 per Share/Conversion Share) for
the Year (the “Final Dividend and Distribution”).
The proposed Final Dividend and Distribution,
together with the interim dividend and
distribution, the sum of which is US cents 3.59
per Share/Conversion Share (or equivalent
to HK cents 27.82) represents a dividend and
distribution payout ratio of 60%, based on
the net profit generated for the Year. The final
dividend will be paid on Monday, 15 May 2017,
subject to the approval of the shareholders
of the Company (the “Shareholders”) at the
annual general meeting to be held on Tuesday,
25 April 2017 (the “2017 AGM”).
Environmental and Social
Responsibility
For many years, NagaCorp has been recognized
for its leadership in environmental and social
responsibility. This year was no different. We
will continue our journey of being a good
corporate citizen and striving for excellence to
uphold our responsible position in the country.
Corporate Governance
NagaCorp has engaged an independent
professional party to review the internal
controls of the Group with a focus on
anti-money laundering. The independent
professional party has issued its findings in a
report, details of which are enclosed in this
annual report. The Company has also engaged
another professional party, Political and
Economic Risk Consultancy, Ltd., to assess the
investment risks in Cambodia and its findings
are set out in this annual report.
Our Appreciation
The Board would like to express their
appreciation to our employees for their hard
work and dedication, and to our Shareholders,
customers, and suppliers for their continued
support.
Timothy Patrick McNally
Chairman
Hong Kong, 8 February 2017