Message from the Chairman In this vibrant and thriving spring season, I m pleased to present our annual results for the past year to the shareholders of the Bank and the public. In 2014, the Group achieved a profit for the year of RMB177.2 billion, a year-on-year increase of 8.22%, according to International Financial Reporting Standards. It recorded a profit attributable to equity holders of the Bank of RMB169.6 billion, an increase of 8.08%.
Earnings per share increased by RMB0.05 to RMB0.61.
The Bank maintained its asset quality within the target range. The Board of Directors has proposed a dividend of RMB0.19 per ordinary share for 2014, pending approval by the Annual General Meeting to be held in 
In the past year, China has pursued more active opening up policies and conducted more energetic diplomatic activities. This has given the Bank space to grow and a broad platform for development. In turn, we have more consciously intertwined our own development with that of the nation. Closely following our strategic goal of Serving Society, Delivering Excellence , we overcame difficulties and steadily pressed ahead with our work, achieving breakthrough in some fundamental areas of overall importance.
We also pooled our collective strengths in addressing several major issues, thus promoting the Group to realise healthy, sustainable and rapid development.
Picking the right moment, we took the lead among peers to issue preference shares. We also replenished capital in other ways, such as issuing tier 2 capital bonds and encouraging the conversion of convertible bonds into shares. As a result, the Bank s capital adequacy ratio has increased by 1.36 percentage points, paving the way for long-term development.
At present, the size of the Bank s tier 1 capital ranks 7th among 1,000 large banks around the world, 2 positions higher than in the previous year.
Following on the wheels of China s diplomatic advances, we saw overseas markets as another major arena for business development. The Bank proactively provided efficient, high quality financial services to support Going Global and Bringing In initiatives. As a result, our overseas business entered into the most rapid and remarkable period of development in the Bank s history. At the end of 2014, the Group s overseas assets had increased by 18.11% since the start of the year. Overseas assets accounted for 27.41% of the Group s total assets, up 1.65 percentage points. The profit before income tax realised by overseas institutions increased by 29.91% and made a contribution to the Group of 22.98%, up 3.60 percentage points compared to the prior year.
We pressed fully ahead with RMB internationalisation and continuously consolidated the market position of main business channels. In 2014, the Group fulfilled USD3.92 trillion of international settlement volumes and maintaining its leading global position.
Cross-border RMB clearing business amounted to RMB240.8 trillion, a year-on-year increase of 86.6%, continuing to top our global peers. Having set up RMB clearing services in Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, the Bank now also serves as the RMB clearing bank in Frankfurt, Paris, Sydney and Kuala Lumpur, with its global RMB clearing network further improved.
The Bank successfully issued the Oceania Bond in Sydney, the Schengen Bond in Luxembourg and the Arc de Triomphe Bond in Paris, and assisted the United Kingdom, Australia and Canada in issuing the RMB-denominated sovereign bonds, receiving a positive response from the market. It became qualified to conduct all Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect business, acting as the exclusive settlement bank for the Northbound Trading Link and providing a cross-border fund settlement service for the Southbound Trading Link . The Bank perfected the global structure of its bulk commodity business and developed its trading and financing platforms in Shanghai, Singapore and 
We energetically developed IT and internet finance and accelerated the construction of future-focused financial services models. The Bank successfully rolled out its overseas information system integration and transformation project in Europe and Africa, taking a solid step towards the establishment of IT systems built on centralised planning, management and development. We also accelerated the development of new online financial services models and made meaningful explorations into expanding online comprehensive financial services for industrial chains, developing cross-border e-commerce, building online communities and innovating in online finances for micro and small-sized businesses. All of this yielded 
We continued to honour our social responsibilities within the broad tide of social development, taking the initiative to contribute to the nation and benefit the people s livelihood. We further perfected its service offer for micro, small and medium-sized enterprises in order to help them to overcome the difficult and unaffordable financing problem. We explored a cross-border matching mechanism for small and medium-sized enterprises and successfully held forums and matchmaking meetings for Chinese and foreign SMEs in Paris, Milan, Frankfurt and Chengdu, reaping positive results. In a smooth transition, we made 58 thousand external contractual employees into contract employees of the Bank, a move that was highly appreciated by the employees and their families and was thus recognised as a Heart Warming Project . Earnestly maintaining ethnic solidarity, we stepped up support for Xinjiang and Tibet and dispatched our top managers to launch the visiting people, benefiting livelihood, uniting hearts 
In 2014, the Board of Directors of the Bank earnestly implemented state policies and regulatory requirements. It made great efforts to promote the building of the Bank s corporate governance system, further revised and perfected the Articles of Association and continued to improve the overall level of corporate governance. Working with commitment and diligence, the Board members conducted in-depth research and made scientific decisions regarding the Group s key development priorities, thus guiding the Group to healthy and sustainable growth. In accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and the Articles of Association, the Bank smoothly enacted changes to the Board s composition.
Mr. CHEN Siqing was officially appointed as Vice Chairman, Executive Director and member of the Strategic Development Committee of the Board of Directors. Mr. WANG Wei and Mr. LIU Xianghui were newly appointed as directors of the Bank. Ms. LIU Lina and Mr. WANG Yongli ceased to serve as directors of 
The global economy continues to experience a lengthy and circuitous recovery. At the same time, Chinese economic growth has entered the new normal .
The operating environment for banks is undergoing immense and profound changes. Generally speaking, the timing and trends are acting to our overall advantage, even as the risks and challenges increase. Banks are still at an important stage of strategic opportunity. First, cross-border finance business has risen to greet the new blue ocean .
Implementation of the national Belt and Road initiative, the launch of the Asia-Pacific Free Trade Area and the rapid pace of RMB internationalisation have created a historic opportunity for Chinese banks to compete internationally and reshape the world s financial landscape. Second, new demand will arise out of economic transformation. New models of industrialisation, the information economy, urbanisation and modern agriculture are rapidly being established, and regional strategies such as coordinated development among Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei and the construction of the Yangtze River economic belt will be implemented swiftly. As such, considerable new financing demands will constantly emerge. Third, market-based reform brings about new dynamics. Interest rate and exchange rate liberalisation creates opportunities for commercial banks to push forward product innovation. The accelerated development of the direct financing market will also present enormous opportunities to non-licensed investment banking business, trading business, financial derivatives business and overall operations.
Faced with new situations and new tasks, we will continue to follow the development strategy of Serving Society, Delivering Excellence . Adhering to the development trend of internationalisation, the Bank will more deliberately thread our own forward path within the national framework of opening up and deepening reforms. We will take proactive steps to embrace the new normal of economic growth and develop an accurate understanding of the new laws of banking development. We will plough deep the blue ocean , push forward transformation to improve benefits, strengthen risk control to ensure quality and bolster the grassroots so as to reinforce the foundation of our business. Continuous efforts will be made to enhance the dedication, expertise and execution of the Bank s leadership and employees and create a fresh and vital enterprise culture. Striving to drive forward new development within the new normal , the Bank will reward the trust and support of our shareholders and the public with outstanding 
