Message from the Chairman The Group achieved a profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank for the year of RMB64.36 billion, a year-on-year increase of 14.42%. Earnings per share (EPS) also recorded an increase of RMB0.03 to RMB0.25. Moreover, the ratio of identified impaired loans to gross loans decreased from 3.17% to 2.76%.
I am delighted to report to all our shareholders and the public our 2008 business results. The Group achieved a profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank for the year of RMB64.36 billion, a year-on-year increase of 14.42%. Earnings per share (EPS) also recorded an increase of RMB0.03 to RMB0.25. Moreover, the ratio of identified impaired loans to gross loans decreased from 3.17% to 2.76%. At the same time, our total market capitalisation reached RMB669.997 billion at the end of 2008, making Bank of China the sixth largest listed bank in the world. The Board of Directors has proposed a cash dividend of RMB0.13 per share for 2008 for approval at the Annual General Meeting on 18 June 2009.
2008 saw great transformation and turbulence in the operating environment for banks. The global financial crisis, triggered by the U.S. subprime crisis, worsened as the year progressed. The impact of this crisis also proliferated quickly from the developed countries to the emerging markets and developing countries, and from the financial sector to the real economy, greatly affecting the global economy. While China s economy maintained stable growth, it is facing heightened challenges as a result of natural disasters and the global financial crisis.
The Bank responded with a scientific approach that revolved around our strategic goal of becoming a leading international bank. We accelerated the transformation of our service model and optimised our business structure. We also continued to strengthen our risk management and internal control. Moreover, we enhanced our infrastructure and product innovation to increase our overall profitability and competitiveness, and to ensure rapid and sustained growth of all major lines of business.
We improved our market share and key operating indicators for our corporate banking business.
We also made significant breakthroughs in the marketing of key projects and further improved the quality of our customer base. In personal banking business, we accelerated the development of a new service model and profitability model that focus on middle and high-end customers. This delivered a rapid increase in both the number of target customers and the corresponding financial assets. In our financial markets business, the Bank maintained its leading position in various areas, including spot and forward foreign exchange and domestic gold transactions. In addition, the Bank made progress in its integration of domestic and overseas operations and further expanded its platform for diversified operations.
As the sole banking partner of the Beijing Olympic Games and Paralympic Games, employees of the Bank provided excellent financial services during the Games with zero error and zero customer complaint. Their dedication, professionalism and performance were widely acclaimed by both domestic and foreign customers. As a result, our franchise and international reputation and our competitive advantage were further enhanced, improving the foundation for our future growth 
As well as generating outstanding financial results, the Bank also continued to improve its corporate governance with clear accountability, authority and proper checks and balances. There were improvements in our decision-making, execution and supervision mechanisms. The Bank convened its Annual General Meeting through video- conference in two different locations for the first time in its history. The Work Rules of Independent Directors of Bank of China Limited was established and our information disclosure was enhanced.
We understand the underlying drivers of the disposal of shareholdings by our strategic investors, UBS AG and RBS Group, on 31 December 2008 and 14 January 2009 respectively. In the past three years, the Bank was involved with our strategic investors in 87 projects covering more than 40 areas, including corporate governance, risk management, corporate banking and personal banking. The scope and extent of cooperation were beyond the core agreements, and the results exceeded our original expectations. These initiatives had a positive impact on our corporate governance, business growth and enhanced our 
Looking ahead to 2009, the global financial crisis may continue to worsen, and cause the global economy to remain sluggish, adding greater downward pressure. In response to the current situation, the government unveiled a series of key measures to expand domestic demand, promote restructuring and maintain growth.
These are expected to promote China s continued rapid and stable development. From an overall perspective, the key strategic opportunities for the development of the banking industry in China are not expected to fundamentally change. The opportunities faced by the banks still outnumber challenges in 2009.
In view of the opportunities and challenges, the Bank will continue its strategic development plan by taking a systematic approach to capitalise on opportunities while facing challenges. We will focus on expansion of our scale and accelerate the restructuring of our Bank s service and growth models. Moreover, we will further enhance our risk management and internal control while further developing our overseas businesses and promoting infrastructure development and innovation. It is also our plan to strengthen our business structure and continue the reform of our human resources management. We will build on our franchise and improve our corporate culture so as to enhance our competitiveness, profitability and the sustainability of development. Our efforts will facilitate the development of the Bank s various lines of business and enable the Bank to continue to achieve milestones in line with the Bank s successful development in the last one 
On a final note, I would like to express my deep appreciation to the members of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors for their significant contributions. I also wish to express my gratitude to our shareholders and the public for their kind support, and to the management and staff across the globe for their diligence. It is due to their dedicated efforts that Bank of China has sustained growth in a year characterised by 
