I am delighted to report our 2010 business results to all our shareholders and the public. During the year, profit attributable to equity holders of the Bank exceeded RMB100 billion and reached RMB104.418 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 29.20%.
Earnings per share also recorded an increase of RMB0.08 to RMB0.39. Return on average equity rose by 2.39 percentage points to 18.87%. At the same time, our asset quality continued to improve, with the balance and ratio of non-performing loans declining for the eighth successive year. The Board of Directors has proposed a dividend of RMB0.146 per share for 2010 for approval at the Annual General Meeting in May 2011.
In 2010, the global economy experienced a slow and weak recovery. Developed economies witnessed sluggish growth while some European countries suffered sovereign debt crises. Several countries introduced quantitative easing policies. This intensified global excess liquidity, boosted international commodity prices with more volatility, and increased the threat of inflation and asset bubbles in emerging markets. Although China s economy maintained stable and rapid development in 2010, there are still underlying problems that must be addressed as a matter of priority, such as an unbalanced economic structure and increasing inflationary 
The Bank responded to this complex and volatile environment by strictly adhering to our scientific outlook on development and fully implementing both the government s macro-economic policies and our own strategic development plan. Through streamlining structure, scaling up, managing risks and sharpening competitiveness , we achieved our goals for the year and significantly enhanced our business management.
Due to the successful implementation of our strategic development plan, the Bank s assets and liabilities grew rapidly in 2010, with total assets now in excess of RMB10 trillion. All of our various business lines were developed in a coordinated manner. Deposits increased and loan portfolio structure continued to improve. Fee-based business grew rapidly. New achievements were made in the integrated development of our domestic and overseas operations, and our diversified business platform was further consolidated and expanded. We continuously improved our internal management, especially in the key areas such as human resources, asset and liability management, and risk management. We accelerated infrastructure construction and successfully implemented a new core banking system in 23 domestic branches, which has significantly enhanced our outlet performance and led to a breakthrough in the development of electronic channels. Taking advantage of favourable capital market conditions, we successfully replenished the Bank s capital through an A-Share Convertible Bonds issue and A Share and H Share rights issues. At the end of 2010, our capital adequacy ratio reached 12.58%, laying a solid foundation for sustainable development.
Message from the Chairman The Bank responded to this complex and volatile environment by strictly adhering to our scientific outlook on development and fully implementing both the government s macro-economic policies and our own strategic development plan. Through streamlining structure, scaling up, managing risks and sharpening competitiveness , we achieved our goals for the year and significantly enhanced our business management.
In 2010, the Board of Directors conducted re-election.
Mr. ZHANG Jinghua, Mr. WANG Gang and Mr. LIN Yongze retired at the expiry of their terms of office.
Mr. SEAH Lim Huat Peter resigned as Non-executive Director of the Bank due to other work commitments.
Ms. SUN Zhiyun, Ms. LIU Lina and Ms. JIANG Yansong were elected as Non-executive Directors, and Mr. CHOW Man Yiu, Paul and Mr. Jackson P. TAI were elected as Independent Non-executive Directors. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express our sincere appreciation to Mr. ZHANG Jinghua, Mr. WANG Gang, Mr. LIN Yongze and Mr. SEAH Lim Huat Peter for their contribution to our development, and express our warm welcome to Ms. SUN Zhiyun, Ms. LIU Lina, Ms. JIANG Yansong, Mr. CHOW Man Yiu, Paul and Mr. Jackson P.
TAI as they join us.
2011 marks the start of China s 12th Five-Year Plan. The next five years will bring unprecedented opportunity for the development of commercial banking and the wider financial services industry. The pace of financial innovation will accelerate, the global trend for diversified operations will persist, and there will be new opportunities to develop the Bank s domestic and overseas operations in an integrated manner. At the same time, the financial industry is confronted with several challenges, such as greater regulatory scrutiny of product innovation, increasing difficulties in risk management, and higher standards for the quality of human resources. Facing these new opportunities and challenges, we will steadfastly adopt a scientific approach on development and earnestly implement our strategic development plan. Adhering to the principles of streamlining structure, scaling up, managing risks and sharpening competitiveness , we will seize opportunities to unlock new areas of business and promote innovation, transformation and cross-border development, so as to achieve our strategic goal of becoming a leading international banking group and celebrating the 100th anniversary of the Bank with excellent performance.
On a final note, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our shareholders and the public for your great support, and to members of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors for your invaluable contributions. I also wish to express my gratitude to the management and to colleagues across the globe for your diligent work. I believe that, driven by our combined efforts, the century-old Bank of China will move unswervingly ahead and reach new height of 
