Message from the Chairman The Bank responded to these pressures by strictly adhering to a scientifi c outlook on development and fully implementing the state s macroeconomic policies, regulatory requirements and our own strategic development plan.
The Bank brought to life our principles of streamlining structure, scaling up, managing risks and sharpening competitiveness and pushed forward innovative, transformative and cross-border development. Thus the Bank recorded outstanding operating results.
I am delighted to report our 2011 business results to our shareholders and the public. Last year, the Bank achieved an after-tax profi t of RMB130.319 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.81%; Profi t attributable to equity holders was RMB124.182 billion, up 18.93%; Earnings per share increased by RMB0.05 to RMB0.44 and return on average total assets rose by 0.03 percentage points to 1.17%. Our asset quality remained stable, with the non-performing loan ratio stood at a low level. The Board of Directors has proposed a dividend of RMB0.155 per share for 2011, pending for approval by the Annual General Meeting held in May 2012.
In 2011, the banking industry was confronted with a complex and severe business environment. The path to economic recovery was rocky, with volatility surged and uncertainty abounded. The United States experienced sluggish economic growth while Europe suffered an increasingly perilous sovereign debt crisis.
Emerging economies faced the twin pressures of tempered growth and rising infl ation. International trade lost steam and international fi nancial markets fl uctuated drastically. China continued to transform its development model and the national economy maintained its smooth and rapid growth. However, there are still some obvious problems arising from unbalanced, uncoordinated and unsustainable economic development, even if China s long-term prospects are promising. The Bank responded to these pressures by strictly adhering to a scientifi c outlook on development and fully implementing the state s macroeconomic policies, regulatory requirements and our own strategic development plan. The Bank brought to life our principles of streamlining structure, scaling up, managing risks and sharpening competitiveness and pushed forward innovative, transformative and cross-border development. Thus the Bank recorded outstanding operating results.
The execution of the Bank s strategy over the past year has yielded remarkable achievements. Assets and liabilities increased steadily, key fi nancial indicators improved and capital strength was enhanced. The Bank sharpened its competitive edge by reforming its diversifi ed operations, quickening the pace of overseas business development and strengthening its global service capacity. There were signifi cant breakthroughs in infrastructure development, including the successful completion of our IT Blueprint project. A quantum leap for our IT capabilities, this project has fundamentally transformed the Bank s service model from an account-centric to a customer-centric approach.
The upgrading of our outlets and the signifi cant functional enhancement of our e-banking channels brought in more and more customers. Our internal management also reached new heights. Remarkable progress was made in asset and liability management, comprehensive risk management, human resources management and in the cultivation of a strong and meaningful corporate culture. Buoyed by these achievements, the Bank s brand value continued to Message from the Chairman appreciate. The Bank was listed in the Fortune 500 for the 23rd consecutive year, was named Best Bank in China by authoritative international media, and became the only bank from China, as well as emerging markets, being enrolled as a Global Systemically Important Financial Institution ( G-SIFI ).
In 2011, the Board of Directors further improved its structure and enhanced its strength through re- election. Mr. ZHOU Zaiqun resigned as Executive Director of the Bank due to his transfer to Hong Kong.
Ms. HONG Zhihua and HUANG Haibo retired at the expiry of their terms of offi ce. Mr. Jackson P. TAI was elected as Independent Non-executive Director. Mr.
ZHANG Xiangdong and Mr. ZHANG Qi were newly elected as Non-executive Directors. Mr. WANG Yongli commenced to serve as an Executive Director of the Bank on 15 February 2012. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to take this opportunity to express our sincere appreciation to Mr. ZHOU Zaiqun, Ms. HONG Zhihua and Ms. HUANG Haibo for their contributions to the Bank, and express our warm welcome to Mr. Jackson P. TAI, Mr. ZHANG Xiangdong, Mr. ZHANG Qi and Mr. WANG Yongli for 
2012 is a critical year for the implementation of China s 12th Five-Year Plan. It is also the fi nal year of the fi rst phase of our strategic development plan, and the fi rst year of our second century of development.
Standing at the new starting point, we are determined to carry forward the Bank s fi ne century-old traditions, seize new development opportunities and unswervingly implement our development strategy.
We will build a new smart-bank model driven by technological innovation, constantly improve our services to meet the needs of the real economy, and move rapidly towards our goal of becoming a premier multinational banking group.
While celebrating the 100th anniversary of the Bank, I would like to express our heartfelt gratitude to our customers, peers and the public for their guidance, support and trust, and to our predecessors, colleagues and 300,000 employees across the globe for their diligent work and lasting contribution to the Bank. The time-honoured brand of the Bank rests on their effort and support. I believe, with our concerted efforts, Bank of China will create new heights along its new journey.

