Message from the Chairman In this beautiful spring season, I am pleased to present our annual results for 2015 to the shareholders of the Bank and the public. The Group achieved a profi t for the year of RMB179.4 billion, a year-on-year increase of 1.25%, according to International Financial Reporting Standards. It recorded a profi t attributable to equity holders of the Bank of RMB170.8 billion, an increase of 0.74%. Asset quality was controlled within the target range. The Board of Directors has proposed a dividend of RMB0.175 per ordinary share for 2015, pending approval by the Annual General Meeting to be held in June 2016.
In the past year, closely following its strategic goal of Serving Society, Delivering Excellence , the Bank consciously intertwined its own development with the nation s efforts on deepening the reform and expanding the opening up. Actively adapted to the new normal of economic development and accurately grasped the new laws governing banking industry development, the Bank recorded a year of sound, sustained growth and many remarkable achievements.
The Bank continues to become more internationalised, with our overseas business making a greater contribution to the Bank s development. As at the end of 2015, the total assets of the Bank s overseas institutions accounted for 27% of the Group s total assets, and the contribution of the profi t before income tax realised by overseas institutions further increased. The Bank s overseas institutions now cover 46 countries and regions, 5 more than the previous year, further enhancing our global service network.
We actively supported major national strategies such as the Belt and Road initiative, the Going Global efforts of Chinese enterprises and the construction of China s free trade zones. We successfully led a number of major cross-border M&A projects, maintaining our leading position in the market. BOC-Samsung Life offi cially opened for business, further expanding our diversifi ed business platforms. We also led the way in RMB internationalisation. Our cross-border RMB clearing and settlement volumes retained the top spot and our global clearing network was further expanded, due to the addition of RMB clearing bank qualifi cations in Kuala Lumpur, Hungary, South Africa 
In 2015, we accelerated innovations in technology and business modes and continuously pushed the development of inclusive fi nance. We actively implemented the nation s Internet Plus action plan and thus promoted its cross-border e-fi nance services at a faster pace. We put forth a range of innovative fi nancial products, including cross-border e-commerce direct link, cross-border trade tax, cross- border fee payment and online fi nance for customers going abroad, thus improving the effectiveness of the fi nancial services. We created a cross-border matchmaking platform for SMEs, successfully holding 11 meetings at home and abroad that served more than 4,000 SMEs, thereby expanding our market infl uence. We also paid close attention to people s fi nancial needs regarding housing, consumption, culture, education, tourism, cross-border affairs and old age care, and made great efforts to support the expansion of domestic demand and improve the people s livelihood. In 2015, the domestic RMB- denominated personal loans increased by 15.10%.
We placed special emphasis on enhancing the management and control of asset quality and fi rmly defended the risk bottom line. Upholding the principle of substance over form , we comprehensively enhanced credit risk control, continuously improved monitoring and early warning mechanisms and undertook a number of measures to collect and resolve non-performing loans (NPLs). Thanks to a united effort across the Bank, asset quality was kept under control and the ratio of allowance for loan impairment losses to NPLs and the ratio of allowance for loan impairment losses to total loans were above regulatory targets. In light of domestic and overseas market volatility, we implemented sound management of liquidity risk, market risk, business compliance and anti-money laundering, thus ensuring sustained and stable operations. In the meantime, we actively shouldered our social responsibilities and stood alongside companies that encountered temporary diffi culties because of challenging market conditions. Based on in-depth analysis of companies fundamentals and by fully exerting our advantages in internationalised and diversifi ed operations, we took a range of proactive and innovative steps to mitigate NPLs and help eligible enterprises to get through tough times and recover.
In 2015, the Bank further improved the structure and overall quality of its corporate governance. It made great efforts to strengthen the construction of its institutional framework for corporate governance and improved the three-tiered authorisation system, comprised of the Shareholders Meeting, the Board of Directors and the President, by more clearly defi ning their functions and powers. We continued to improve corporate governance operating mechanisms and made the decision-making of the Board of Directors more effi cient, allowing us to earnestly fulfi l our responsibilities to shareholders, customers, employees, society and other stakeholders. Working with diligence and commitment, the Board members made positive contributions to the Group s sustained and healthy development. In accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and the Articles of Association, the Bank smoothly completed changes to the Board s composition in 2015.
The global economy is going through the longest and most sluggish recovery since the Great Depression of the 20th century. The China s economy is at a critical juncture, in which the growth is shifting gear, the economic structure is adjusting and the driving impetus is changing. While we must recognise that China s economic development faces bumps in the road, we must also remember that the fundamental trend of the China s economy towards long-term growth and expansion has not changed. China s economy will maintain a medium-high rate of growth and steadily move toward a medium-high level of development. The deepening of China s high- level reform and opening up, combined with the implementation of the Belt and Road initiative, the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and the building of the Yangtze River Economic Belt, will generate enormous business opportunities.
Meanwhile, the ever-faster transformation and upgrading of the national economy and the continuous increase in people s wealth will create immense demand for fi nancial services. As fi nancial reform deepens and e-fi nance fl ourishes, the space for innovative development will become more and more 
As an old Chinese saying goes, Zhou is an old state, but its mission is reform . Bank of China has never ceased to reform: its century-long history is a history of constant fi nancial innovation. Faced with new circumstances and fresh tasks, we will continue to follow our development strategy of Serving Society, Delivering Excellence . We will pursue sound, long- term development while boosting timely reforms.
By speeding up business structure adjustment and the reform of our systems and mechanisms, we will continue to enhance our market penetration, sharpen our competitive edge and improve our internal cohesion. All of this will support our aim of creating a better life for our customers, energising global economic growth, supporting China s economic transformation and rewarding our shareholders and the public for their trust and support by delivering solid business performance.

