Message from the Chairman During the year, we achieved an after-tax profit attributable to shareholders of RMB56.248 billion, a year-on-year growth of 31.33%. We recorded earnings per share (EPS) of RMB0.22, a return on average total assets (ROA) of 1.10%, and a return on average equity (ROE) of 14.00%. At the end of 2007, the ratio of identified impaired loans to gross loans decreased from 4.24% at the end of 2006 to 3.17%, and the identified impaired loans dropped by RMB12.915 billion to RMB90.317 billion. The Group s market capitalisation was USD197.8 billion at the end of 2007, making our Bank the fourth largest listed bank across the globe. The Board of Directors has proposed a cash dividend of RMB0.10 per share for the year 2007 to the Annual General Meeting for approval, which is scheduled on 19 June 2008.
The year witnessed sustained growth of the global economy but also turbulence and heightened risks in the financial markets triggered by the US subprime mortgage crisis. The financial markets in the Chinese Mainland are generally stable. Real progress was made in the development of China s capital market and in the flexibility of the RMB exchange rate.
The year was also one in which the government stepped up its macro-economic regulation, further enhanced regulation of the banking sector, advanced its financial reforms and further opened up the economy to the global market.
One of our major accomplishments has been the adoption of the concept of scientific development as a core component of our business strategy, which will go far in helping us attain our goal of becoming a leading international bank in the global financial market. With this objective in mind, we improved our operational and management capabilities by promoting innovation throughout our business and instilling a customer focused culture in our banking practices that will enhance our Bank s brand value and market competitiveness. At the same time, we cooperated with our strategic investors on multiple fronts to strengthen our business and management infrastructure. Our successful efforts were evident in the greater synergies achieved with our strategic investors and within our Bank.
One of our greatest competitive strengths as a provider of financial services is our diversified business platform. During the year, BOC Insurance was authorised to operate as a domestically incorporated company and BOC Investment Management was restructured as a direct subsidiary of the Group in early 2008.
In 2007, we made substantial progress in the strategic transformation of our corporate banking services and enhancing customer focused services by marketing a full range of financial services and products, and promoting the new small and medium sized enterprises business pilot programme.
We also implemented a personal banking business strategy that increases the importance of personal banking in our business structure. We have developed a greater range of wealth management products and services for medium-end and high- end customers, an initiative that has already yielded results in the form of an immediate improvement to our profits. In addition, we expanded our overseas operations during the year with the establishment of a UK subsidiary, a Rotterdam branch and EuropeanAfrican Syndicated Loan Center to meet the demands of both our domestic and overseas customers. In support of our ongoing growth, we further improved our risk management capabilities.
Among other initiatives, we made improvements to our system of internal controls, implemented new information technology infrastructure, optimised our operational and service systems and enhanced our reform of human resources management, while further developing our Bank s corporate culture.
Equally as important to our long-term growth, we continued to improve our corporate governance structure according to the principles of scientific decision-making and effective supervision. During the year, we held our first Annual General Meeting of shareholders after the Bank s IPO and an extraordinary shareholders meeting. Both occasions provided excellent opportunities for communicating with our shareholders. We also adjusted the composition of our Board and Board Committees, which enhanced the decision-making and supervision capabilities of the Board, and we further strengthened our senior management through a global recruitment process successfully appointing a Chief Credit Officer and a Chief Audit Officer specialising in international bank management. I would like to take this opportunity, on behalf of the Board, to express our heartfelt thanks to the retired Directors Hua Qingshan, Yu Erniu, Zhu Yan, Zhang Xinze, William Peter Cooke and Patrick de Saint- Aignan for their dedication and contributions to the Bank s development. I would also like to extend a warm welcome to our new Directors, Cai Haoyi, Wang Gang, Lin Yongze, Huang Shizhong, Huang Danhan and Zhou Zaiqun, whose rich experience will benefit the Bank enormously.
In 2008, we believe the global economic climate will remain positive on the whole, although elements of uncertainty and risk will undoubtedly continue to affect the international financial markets. As China s economy and financial system becomes further integrated into the global economy, the interaction between China and the rest of the world will grow stronger. While continuing to introduce further reform measures that open up China s economy, the Government will strengthen and improve its macro- economic regulation and implement prudent fiscal and tightened monetary policies. With the approach of the long-awaited 2008 Beijing Olympic Games, Bank of China as the sole banking partner of the Games has adopted Serving the Olympics as its theme. We look forward to serving the Games with the goal of achieving alignment between the success of this milestone sporting event and the Bank s own development. To this end, we will capitalise on the successes of the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games to further promote our development strategy. As part of this strategy, we will focus on our customers, accelerate business restructuring within the Bank, improve the utilisation of our resources, and support the rapid and sustainable development of all our businesses. We will also be unrelenting in our work to improve the Bank s risk management and internal control systems, and upgrade our infrastructure at both the network and grass-roots levels, bringing an even higher quality service to our valued customers, and further developing our overseas business. Most importantly, we will combine the Olympic spirit with our corporate culture of delivering excellence .
On a final note, I would like to express my gratitude to the directors for their outstanding guidance and contributions to the Bank during the year. I would also like to avail myself of this opportunity to thank our shareholders and customers who have offered us their consistent support. My thanks also go to all of our staff at Bank of China. Their diligence and dedication have injected new vitality into our Bank, which has been in existence for almost a century, and inspired us to reach our target of becoming a leading international bank.

