Message from the Chairman Last year saw profound changes to the operating environment of the banking industry. Haunted by the long shadow of the international fi nancial crisis, the global economy struggled to recover. China s economy made progress while maintaining stability. RMB internationalisation accelerated, market-oriented reform advanced and internet fi nance thrived. Faced with complex conditions, the Bank continued to shoulder its social responsibilities and consciously tailored its own self-development to fi t the framework of China s national strategy. It strived to seize opportunities, fi ght for market share, streamline structures and control its risk exposure. As a result, the Bank achieved excellent results in all aspects and took a solid step towards its strategic goal of Delivering Excellence .
Message from the Chairman I am greatly honoured to present our annual results for 2013, my fi rst year as Chairman of the Bank, to the shareholders of the Bank and to the public. During the year, the Bank achieved a profi t for the year of RMB163.7 billion, a year-on-year increase of 12.35%, and a profi t attributable to equity holders of the Bank of RMB156.9 billion, an increase of 12.36%. Earnings per share increased by RMB0.06 to RMB0.56. Return on average total assets increased to 1.23%, up 0.04 percentage point compared with the prior year. The Bank maintained stable asset quality and kept its non-performing loan ratio at a reasonably low level.
The Board of Directors has proposed a dividend of RMB0.196 per share for 2013, pending approval by the Annual General Meeting to be held in June 2014.
Last year saw profound changes to the operating environment of the banking industry. Haunted by the long shadow of the international fi nancial crisis, the global economy struggled to recover. China s economy made progress while maintaining stability.
RMB internationalisation accelerated, market-oriented reform advanced and internet fi nance thrived. Faced with complex conditions, the Bank continued to shoulder its social responsibilities and consciously tailored its own self-development to fi t the framework of China s national strategy. It strived to seize opportunities, fi ght for market share, streamline structures and control its risk exposure. As a result, the Bank achieved excellent results in all aspects and took a solid step towards its strategic goal of Delivering 
The business structure of the Bank has been further optimised over the past year. The Group s net interest margin continued to increase and the proportional contribution of non-interest income to operating income continued to lead the market. The Bank s differentiated competitive advantages were further reinforced. The Group s overseas operations made a signifi cantly weightier contribution and the share of non-banking operating income within the Group s overall operating income increased dramatically.
The Bank also led its domestic and overseas peers in business related to RMB internationalisation and further improved its global RMB clearing network. It successfully supported various major M&A projects including Shuanghui International Holdings Limited s acquisition of Smithfi eld Foods Inc. and CNOOC s acquisition of NEXEN Energy ULC, thus enhancing its infl uence in domestic and overseas markets. By achieving remarkable results in liquidity management, the Bank was able to play a pivotal role in maintaining fi nancial market security and stability, as befi ts a large bank. The Bank s outstanding performance was acknowledged by all relevant parties. The credit rating of the Bank was raised by a major rating agency, generating favourable reaction from the capital 
Message from the Chairman In 2013, the Board of Directors of the Bank earnestly implemented state policies and regulatory requirements. Backed by in-depth research and a commitment to diligence, the Board of Directors made scientifi c decisions regarding major topics such as strategic planning, business development and risk management, thus guiding the Bank towards rapid, healthy and sustainable growth. The Board of Directors conscientiously followed the Guidelines on Corporate Governance of Commercial Banks issued by CBRC and implemented the Board Diversity Policy, further improving its decision-making effi ciency and level of expertise. The provisions on profi t distribution in the Articles of Association were revised in order to place greater emphasis upon the protection of minority investors interests.
In March 2013, Mr. XIAO Gang resigned from his posts as Chairman, Executive Director as well as Chairman and member of the Strategic Development Committee of the Board of Directors of the Bank due to the needs of work. In January 2014, Mr. LI Lihui resigned from his posts as Vice Chairman, Executive Director, member of the Strategic Development Committee of the Board of Directors, and President of the Bank due to age reason. Both Mr. XIAO and Mr.
LI had worked at the Bank for ten years. Over the past decade, these outstanding bankers have devoted their hearts and minds to unifying and leading the entire staff, bringing about new prospects for the Bank s reform and development and making exceptional contributions to the Bank s next century of glory. On behalf of the Board of Directors and all staff members at home and abroad, I would like to pay the highest tribute and extend our most heartfelt gratitude to Mr.
XIAO and Mr. LI.
In the past year, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and the Articles of Association, the Bank effi ciently completed the replacement of some directors and senior management members. Mr.
CHEN Siqing was offi cially appointed as President of the Bank in February 2014. Ms. JIANG Yansong, Mr.
Anthony Francis NEOH, Mr. HUANG Shizhong and Ms.
HUANG Danhan ceased to serve as directors of the Bank, and Mr. WANG Yong, Mr. LU Zhengfei and Mr.
LEUNG Cheuk Yan were newly appointed as directors of the Bank. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to extend our highest praise and sincere gratitude to our former directors for their tremendous contributions, while at the same time expressing a warm welcome to our new directors.
The global economic structure and fi nancial landscape are undergoing deep changes. The reform and opening up of China s economic and fi nancial systems has entered a new stage. As a result, the banking industry faces vital opportunities and testing challenges. When we look back on the twists and turns experienced by the modern banking industry over the past 300 years, we see that a bank wishing to achieve sustainable development in a dramatically changing environment must align itself to national development strategy, develop a keen understanding of global development trends, put customer service at the centre of its culture, constantly strengthen the spirit of reform and innovation and fi rmly establish the guiding principle of long-term prudence in its operations. To accomplish all Message from the Chairman of this, the Bank will endeavour to achieve its strategic goal of Serving Society, Delivering Excellence . It will devote itself to building a bank that shoulders signifi cant responsibility for the nation s revival, a bank that possesses competitive edges in the globalisation process, a bank that leads lifestyle changes in technological innovations, a bank that earns customer loyalty in market competition and a bank that meets the expectations of shareholders, employees and society in the course of its sustained development. In pursuit of such excellence, let us build our Bank to last 
The year 2014 is a year of reform and expectation.
Intertwining its own forward path with the overarching narratives of economic transformation and social progress, the Bank will deepen reform so as to promote development, strengthen innovation so as to increase market share, accelerate business transformation to realise effi ciencies and manage risks to reduce costs. Striving at all times to shoulder its social responsibilities in a bid to deliver excellence, it will reward the trust and support of its shareholders and the public with more outstanding performance! 
