Message from the Chairman
In this beautiful spring season, I am pleased to present our annual results for 2016 to the
shareholders of the Bank and the public. According to International Financial Reporting
Standards, the Group achieved a profit for the year of RMB184.1 billion, a year-on-year increase
of 2.58%. Asset quality was controlled within the target range, and the ratio of allowance for loan
impairment losses to non-performing loans (NPLs) increased by 9.52 percentage points from last
year to 162.82%. The Board of Directors has proposed a dividend of RMB0.168 per ordinary
share for 2016, pending approval by the Annual General Meeting to be held in June 2017.
The past year has seen dramatic changes in the global political and economic situation. “Black
swan” events took place one after another and the financial market experienced serious
fluctuations. Faced with a complicated and challenging operating environment, the Bank upheld
its development strategy of “Serving Society, Delivering Excellence”. We addressed difficulties
and challenges with reform and innovation, accelerated business structure adjustment, optimised
our systems and institutions, and thus promoted the Group to achieve sustained and steady
development.
We undertook social responsibilities and made active contributions to the rejuvenation of the
Chinese nation. Committed to serving SMEs, the Bank hosted 10 worldwide matchmaking events
successfully, playing a significant role in boosting SME development and deepening international
economic and trade cooperation. We devoted great energy towards developing inclusive finance
and provided more support to personal consumption. We earnestly carried out targeted poverty
alleviation efforts, providing more than RMB72 million in aid to designated areas. This directly
benefited over 27,000 low-income people. In addition, we also actively served the nation’s
diplomatic strategy by holding the “Belt and Road” international financial communication and
cooperation seminar, which was widely acclaimed at home and abroad.
Giving full play to our advantages in internationalisation, we maintained a leading position in the
globalisation process. Our overseas institutions realised a profit before income tax of USD12.234
billion, increasing by 39.42% year-on-year and making a greater contribution to the Group’s
profit. The Bank’s overseas institutions now cover 51 countries and regions around the world,
marking a new step in growing our global footprint. Actively supporting such major national
strategies as the “Belt and Road” initiative and “Going Global” efforts, we strongly pushed
Chinese enterprises to integrate more quickly into the global industrial chain and value chain.
We continued to lead in the business of RMB internationalisation, not only being qualified as
an RMB clearing bank in the United States, but also registering the largest cross-border RMB
settlement and clearing volumes in the global banking industry, in the endeavour to provide the
best RMB services for global customers.
We closely followed the contemporary trends and improved our services through technological
reform. Applying cutting-edge information technology and Internet thinking, we trialled “smart
counters” in an effort to reshape the counter procedures in our outlets. Our “Mobile Banking
3.0” launched successfully and achieved a sharp increase in both the number of customers and
transaction volumes. We proactively established the “E-BOC” e-finance brand, enriched the four
product lines of payment, asset management, transaction and financing, and made our financial
services more efficient. Taking the initiative to adapt to new trends in technological development,
we actively introduced cutting-edge technologies and continuously enhanced our technological
output.
By daring to reform and make innovations, we won customer loyalty through market competition.
Drawing on the advantages of internationalised, diversified and professional operations, the Bank
led its Chinese counterparts in the underwriting of offshore RMB bonds and overseas bonds, as
well as the issuance of Panda Bonds. We issued the first asset-backed green bond in China and
acted as underwriter for 12 green bonds, comprising a total amount of RMB15.6 billion, the
largest in the industry.
We held fast to the risk bottom line and consolidated foundations through sustained development.
Attaching greater importance to risk prevention and control, the Bank made continuous efforts
to consolidate its capital base with a view to supporting sustainable growth. Our capital
adequacy ratio reached a new high in recent years, the ratio of allowance for loan impairment
losses to NPLs strengthened against the market trend, and the ability of risk resistance and
compensation was further enhanced. Stepping up efforts to clear out and eliminate NPLs, we
made substantial progress in a number of key projects, eliminating more NPLs than ever before.
We also reinforced our comprehensive risk management capability so as to guarantee sound
and sustainable operations. This includes the management of consolidated financial statements,
country risk, liquidity risk, market risk, internal control and compliance, and anti-money
laundering.
In 2016, the Bank continued to improve the governance architecture and system, enhanced the
working mechanisms of the Board of Directors, and earnestly fulfilled its responsibilities for all
stakeholders including shareholders, customers, employees and society, in the effort to achieve
the best practice in corporate governance. Changes were made to the board composition smoothly
according to applicable laws and regulations. All Board members worked with diligence and
commitment to guide and push the Group towards sustained and sound development.
At present, the international situation is anything but optimistic. The world economy is becoming
increasingly complicated, unstable and uncertain. China’s economy is at a critical juncture, with
new growth drivers taking the place of old. While we must clearly recognise that the banking
industry faces mounting conflicts and difficulties in terms of its operation and management, we
should also see the silver linings amid the plentiful clouds of uncertainty and instability. China
will continue to implement the proactive fiscal policy and prudent monetary policy, and will
deepen the supply-side structural reform. As such, we expect the national economy to maintain
sustained and solid growth. The in-depth implementation of major national strategies such as the
“Belt and Road” initiative, the advance of supply-side structural reform and other key reforms,
the rapid increase of residents’ wealth and the extensive application of smart technologies – all of
these will present rare opportunities for the development of the banking industry.
Faced with new circumstances and fresh tasks, we will continue to follow our development
strategy of “Serving Society, Delivering Excellence”. We will pursue internationalised
development and continued to serve the people and SMEs. We will carry on technological
innovations, intensify Party and team building, and take concrete steps to perform our social
responsibilities, so as to reward our shareholders and the public for their trust and support by
delivering better and better performance!TIAN Guoli
Chairman
31 March 2017