Message from the Chairman I am delighted to report to all our shareholders and the public our 2009 business results. The Group achieved a profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank for the year of RMB81.068 billion, a year-on- year increase of 25.96%. Earnings per share (EPS) also recorded an increase of RMB0.07 to RMB0.32.
Return on average equity rose to 16.62%, up 2.07 percentage points from last year. At the same time, our asset quality continued to improve. Our total market capitalisation reached RMB1,051.084 billion at the end of 2009, making Bank of China the fifth largest listed bank in the world. The Board of Directors has proposed a cash dividend of RMB0.14 per share for 2009 for approval at the Annual General Meeting in May 2010.
At the start of 2009, the international financial crisis was continuing to spread throughout the global economy. In response, the major economies cut and maintained benchmark interest rates at historical lows while actively implementing various economic stimulus plans. Step by step, confidence returned to global financial markets and the world economy began to recover. The government maintained a proactive fiscal policy and a moderately easy monetary policy, continually optimising its economic stimulus package in response to new developments. As a result, the national economy experienced a strong rebound.
In the face of such unprecedented challenges and opportunities, the Bank has continued to take a scientific approach to development. We have comprehensively implemented our new strategic development plan and earnestly promoted our working guidelines of scaling up, optimising structure, building brand, strengthening infrastructure, slashing cost and sharpening competitiveness . This approach has positively impacted the Bank s business development and risk management, sharpened our competitiveness and continuously enhanced our business results.
In the past year, the scale and structure of the Bank s assets and liabilities were further expanded and optimised. The Bank s major businesses enlarged their market shares significantly. We further enhanced our restructuring campaign, including the currency and term structure of our investment portfolio, which led to improved operational efficiency. Overseas operations revived their growth momentum and contributed a larger share in the Group s total income.
Our IT Blueprint project achieved a milestone with its successful launch at the Hebei Branch. During the year, in a step towards promoting business restructuring with a customer-centric service approach, we established a dedicated Financial Markets Unit. We also began to consolidate the Bank s risk management function by planning to establish the Risk Management Unit, with a view to enhancing unified risk management.
The Bank s brand image has been further enhanced, with the Bank recognised as Bank of the Year 2009 (China) by the British magazine The Banker.
In 2009, the Bank further strengthened its corporate governance mechanism. Drawing upon the lessons of the global financial crisis, the Board played an active role in designing the Bank s strategic development plan in line with the Bank s prevailing conditions.
The Board also actively guided the Bank to prevent systemic risk, improve decision-making in a scientific manner and fulfil its corporate social responsibilities.
As a result, the Bank won the Excellent Board of Directors 2009 award granted by the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the only awardee among the large-sized commercial banks in China.
I would like to thank the outgoing Mr. LIU Ziqiang, Chairman of the Board of Supervisors, for his valuable contributions to the Bank in the past years, and extend a warm welcome to Mr. LI Jun as his successor.
As an experienced banker, Mr. LI Jun will bring fresh contributions to the Board of Supervisors and the 
In 2010, the world economy is expected to recover and the international financial markets are expected to stabilise. In China, the foundations for economic recovery have been consolidated. Despite ongoing uncertainties, it is expected that the economic and financial climate at home and abroad will change for the better in 2010.
Faced with a complex operating environment, the Bank will optimise business structure while pursuing opportunities to expand its business scale, further enhance risk management and internal control, sharpen market competitiveness and increase profitability so as to achieve healthy, rapid and 
On a final note, I would like to express my deep appreciation to colleagues across the globe for your diligent work, and members of the Board of Directors and Board of Supervisors for your significant contributions. I also wish to express my gratitude to our shareholders and the public for your kind support and trust. I believe that, driven by all of our joint efforts, the hundred-year old Bank of China will move unswervingly ahead, achieve sustainable growth and create a better future.

