CHAIRMAN S AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER S STATEMENT 
2015 has shown a continuation of the 2014 trends for retail industry in China, with growth in retail sales slowing down for the third consecutive year, offline but also online. Nonetheless, I am glad to report that, in this environment, Sun Art Retail Group Limited (the Company together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) has shown strong resilience in its results while continuing to invest in the development of new retails formats and E-commerce sales channels.
Our revenue grew 5% to RMB96,414 million in 2015. The key drivers of our growth were the successful opening of 36 hypermarkets (following around 99 openings in 2013 and 2014). We should also mention another eight stores opened just before Chinese New Year in 2016. Our comparable sales were slightly negative, but still among the best within retailers selling food and non-food.
Our rental income increased 15.60% as 38 new shopping malls opened during the year. This reflects the enduring traffic generated by our hypermarkets, and the work we undertake with our tenants to improve the animation of our galleries.
In order to open those stores we invested a total of RMB2,783 million, as well as RMB1,683 million to renovate older stores in order to keep an attractive shopping experience for our customers. Our total investment therefore increased 10.3% over 2015.
Profit attributable to shareholders reached RMB2,443 million, a decrease of 15.7% over 2014. This profit would have decreased by only 8.9% if not for the losses incurred by our new ventures Feiniu.com, fieldschina.com and Oney Accord. This shows both the resilience of our brick and mortar business and the commitment we have decided diversify our income streams.
Gross profit margins, grew 0.4 percentage points from 22.9% to 23.3%, driven by improvements in our product mix and further common negotiations (the banners negotiated 46.6% of our buying turnover in 
We managed to improve our operational effectiveness, working on our three main cost drivers: labor, energy and rental expenses. Our total head count increased only by 1.8%, and our number of employees per store went from 413 to 370 during the year as we continued to deploy a number of initiatives at the store level to improve our productivity. We were also able to keep our energy expenses growth at 4%, less than turnover growth.
We have managed to renegotiate our lease payments in a number of sites with a difficult trading 
In 2015 we opened two smaller format stores geared to core cities centers and selling mainly food, RH Lavia in Changzhou and Hi! Auchan in Shanghai. We are now fine tuning our offer in these stores before we eventually decide to roll out this model in other cities.
Our Feiniu.com website achieved major milestones in 2015: " Gross merchandise volume ( GMV ) increased sixfold compared with 2014, exceeding RMB one billion, and the pace of growth has been increasing month after month.
" By May, through the deployment of delivery through our store network, we were able to propose next day delivery to customers in all provinces we operate.
" The market place opened in June and by 31 December 2015 we have over 1 million Store Keep Units ( SKUs ) available on Feiniu.com.
It should be noted that within 30km of our 409 stores, there are 145 cities where a total of 766 million people live. This is the market which our store network geographic footprint will allow us to address step 
During 2015, we also took a majority share in fieldschina.com, a pure player purveyor of quality grocery foods serving Chinese and Expatriate customers mainly in Shanghai. We are in the process of improving the offer and the systems of the company in order to develop its sales in Shanghai and beyond.
Sales of Big Thumb , RT-Mart and Auchan brands increased by RMB104.6 million over 2015 and we were very happy to see customer response to a number of new product ranges such as the Disney co-branded food items, and the Ekolia appliances brand.
Looking ahead in 2016 and beyond we will continue to open hypermarkets in locations where we believe they bring service to customers. Given the subdued retail sales environment, we will slow down the pace of openings putting even more emphasis on the quality of each site. We will also streamline our operations thanks to the opening of two new distribution centres ( DC ) in 2015.
At the same time we will increase our investments in the existing sites, with a renovating program, and expand some of them since we have the potential to build an additional 300,000 sqm on our property sites.

We will monitor closely the performance of our two smaller formats, and if it turns in light with expectations, we will proceed with further expansion.
Finally, we expect three digits growth rates in our E-commerce operations as we continue our investments and build up our position.
We hope that these various initiatives will help us to continue to gain market share in 2016.
We continued to work on corporate responsibility and sustainable development initiatives and will be ready to comply with the new requirement of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited rules on the matter.
Finally, the obtention of the Top 100 HRM companies , Best E-Learning Company and Best Performance Management prizes awarded by zhaopin.com to Auchan, as well as the obtention of National Model Worker Unit (hQ W!j{w]KN[) awarded by China Federation of Trade Unions, Shanghai Civilization Unit for 2015 (2015t NwmefUMO) awarded by the Office of the Spiritual Civilization Establishment Committee of Shanghai and Shanghai Labor Harmony Demonstration Unit for 2015 (2015 
:y{UMO) awarded by Human Resources and Social Security Bureau of Shanghai Municipality to RT- Mart, all show that we strive to remain a valued employer for our current and prospective staff.
The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HKD1,813 million, translating into HKD0.19 per share.
Looking forward, we expect 2016 to be another challenging year given the current economic anticipations, but we believe, that our efforts to become a multichannel retailer serving omnichannel customers and we should be able to improve again our competitive position in China s growing retailing market.
CHENG Chuan-Tai Bruno, Robert MERCIER Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 26 February 2016 
