CHAIRMAN’S AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
2016 was quite similar to 2015 for retail industry in China, with growth in retail sales reaching 10.4%
(+7.5% offline and +26.2% online). Nonetheless, we are glad to report that, in this environment, Sun Art
Retail Group Limited (the “Company”), together with its subsidiaries (the “Group”), has shown strong
resilience in its revenue and results while continuing to invest in the development of new retails formats
and E-commerce sales channels.
Our sales of goods grew by 4.1% to RMB97,096 million in 2016. The key driver of our growth was the
successful opening of 38 hypermarkets (following 38 openings in 2015 and 49 openings in 2014). We
should also mention another 1 store opened just before Chinese New Year in 2017. Our same store sales
growth was -0.34%, among the best within retailers selling food and non-food. We can also see that the
contribution of online to offline (“O2O”) to the stores sales further increased and will continue to do so
in the next few years.
Our rental income increased by 6.4%. This reflects the enduring traffic generated by our hypermarkets,
and the work we undertake with our tenants to improve the animation of our galleries.
In order to open those stores we invested a total of RMB2,582 million, as well as RMB943 million to
renovate existing stores in order to keep an attractive shopping experience for our customers. Our total
investment therefore increased by 7.7% over 2016.
Profit attributable to shareholders reached RMB2,571 million, an increase of 5.2% over 2015. This profit
would have increased by 8.0% if not for the losses incurred by Feiniu.com, fieldschina.com and Oney
China. This shows both the resilience of our brick and mortar business and the commitment we have to
diversify our income streams.
Our gross profit margin grew 0.6 percentage points from 23.3% to 23.9%, driven by improvements in our
product mix and improved common negotiations. The banners negotiated around 47.9% of our buying
turnover in 2016 (51.9% in fast moving consumer goods industry).
We managed to improve our operational effectiveness by working on our three main cost drivers: labor,
energy and rental expenses. Our total head count increased only by 5.14%, and our average number of
employees per store went from 320 to 298 as of 31 December 2016 as we continued to deploy a number
of initiatives at the store level to improve our productivity. We were also able to keep our energy expenses
growth at 0.1%, which was less than revenue growth.
Finally, we undertook a reshuffling of some store assets: one RT-Mart in Weifang, Shandong province was
closed, whereas one Auchan store in Yantai changed banners. In addition, two Auchan banner stores
located in Northern China in Shandong and Liaoning are now being serviced by the RT-Mart Distribution
centers located in Shenyang and Jinan. This resulted in strong increases in sales and margin due to better
purchasing prices and delivery service. Finally, we have managed to renegotiate our lease payments in
a number of sites with a difficult trading environment.
RH Lavia in Changzhou and Hi!Auchan in Shanghai, the two small format stores opened at the end of 2015
which sold mainly food showed strong progress. We will open additional units of this model in the future.
Feiniu.com has been restructured to enhance its capabilities to be a tool at the service of store O2O sales
and achieved major milestones in 2016:
• Gross Merchandise Value (“GMV”) doubled versus 2015, reaching RMB2.1 billion and 29.1% of
the GMV was achieved through O2O sales
• 36 stores are now being used as delivery outlets for O2O sales
In addition, both the Auchan and RT-Mart banners signed agreements to cooperate with Baidu Waimai,
Meituan and Eleme platforms to deliver, within two hours, a range of products including fresh items in the
trading areas of the stores covered. Almost 250 stores are now offering this service and it is expected
that, by the end of 2017, the cooperation will cover almost all the stores, which means that we will be
able to offer delivery services to people living within 5 kms of each of our stores.
During 2016, fieldschina.com sales increased by more than 50%. We are serving more and more Chinese
customers, and adjusting continuously our range to satisfy them. The company will in 2017 move to new
facilities that will enable it to continue to grow its sales of quality products to its customers.
Moreover, with consumer upgrading, the Group continues to promote our exclusive brand products to
provide our customers higher value products with good quality. Sales of non-food own brands such as
Actuel (home decoration), Airport (luggage) progressed by more than 50%. Our new Chinese cuisine
brand named “Huishang” had a successful launch.
Looking ahead in 2017 and beyond, we will continue to open hypermarkets in locations where we believe
will bring service to customers. As in 2016, we will open less than 40 stores, continuing to put more
emphasis on the quality of each site.
At the same time, we will increase our investments in existing sites, with a renovating program committing
RMB633 million to the expansion and renovation of, in particular, our property stores.
We believe that the initiatives outlined above will allow us to continue to gain market share in 2017, as
well as improving our operating margins.
We continued to work on corporate responsibility and sustainable development initiatives and we are
ready to comply with the new HKSE rules on the matter.
The Board has recommended the payment of a dividend of HKD2,194 million, translating into HKD0.23
per share.
Looking forward, we will continue to be working on the transformation of our banners into multichannel
retailers, serving omni-channel customers. We will be able to continue to improve our competitive position
in China’s growing retailing market.
CHENG Chuan-Tai Bruno, Robert MERCIER
Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
17 February 2017