STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN 
It is my pleasure to report that HKT s various lines of business achieved robust operational results last year, which contributed to HKT s strong financial performance for the year ended December 31, 2013.
Pleasingly, and notwithstanding the generally fragile economic conditions in most parts of the world, HKT, coupled with prudent cost control, achieved a sustained improvement in its business both at home in Hong Kong and outside Hong Kong via our global business unit.
Within Hong Kong, HKT s investment in Fiber-to- the-Home (FTTH) broadband service continued to attract new customers and upgrades, leading to a significant expansion of the FTTH customer base during the year. HKT s fiber network now extends into buildings that contain over 86% of households in Hong Kong, including more premium locations. We expect contribution from fiber broadband to remain significant in the years to come furthermore, our investment in fiber supports several other lines of business including mobile, enterprise solutions, cloud services, and the PCCW Group s now TV business.
The mobile business reported another period of growth and improved financial performance benefitting from rapid adoption of smartphones amid surging demand for mobile data. We improved both the speed and coverage of our 4G networks including extensive coverage along the MTR lines. In terms of product innovation, HKT has been actively developing Near Field Communication (NFC)-based mobile payment services with the Octopus Cards, Hang Seng Bank, HSBC, as well as the JETCO group of banks.

Without a doubt, the most significant corporate development in 2013 was the agreement we reached to re-acquire CSL (now known as CSL New World Mobility Limited). It complements our position in many lines of our business. It is in line with the Board s objectives of investing in businesses which provide holders of Share Stapled Units with stable and regular distributions as well as long-term distribution growth. HKT s customers will also benefit from enhanced service quality. The transaction is subject to shareholders approvals and regulatory approval, which we hope to receive in a timely manner so that the transaction can complete during the second quarter of 2014.
The Board is cautiously optimistic regarding the company s prospects in 2014, especially in view of the early signs of global economic recovery. At the same time, we recognize that the Hong Kong economy is projected to grow only moderately this year, and that impediments to the global recovery still exist. We will remain vigilant in monitoring the economic conditions both locally and externally while developing our business for the benefit of all stakeholders including our customers and our unitholders.

February 26, 2014 
