STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN 
It is my great pleasure to present the first annual report statement as Chairman of HKT Limited and HKT Management Limited, trustee-manager of the 
The listing of the share stapled units of the HKT Trust and HKT Limited in November 2011 on the Main Board of the Hong Kong stock exchange signified a new chapter for our telecommunications services.
First of all, on behalf of the boards I would like to thank the HKT unitholders for their trust and confidence in our business and the management. I would also like to express our gratitude to the staff of HKT and parent company PCCW Limited for making the landmark listing possible all amid a global investment sentiment that was marred by uncertainties surrounding the U.S.
economy and the unresolved European debt crisis.
HKT is Hong Kong s premier telecommunications service provider. It has served Hong Kong people and local and international businesses so well for more than 80 years. Despite the unstable global environment, by virtue of its leading network capability, product innovation ability and attention to customer service HKT stands to continue to benefit from the healthy local economic conditions as well as opportunities that may 
The 2011 performance of our various lines of business was testament to HKT s extraordinary attributes.
There was an impressive increase in the number of customers signing up for our PON (passive optical network) high-speed broadband upon the full rollout of 
the service. The high-growth area of mobile data trended further up in the second half of last year. In addition, the fixed-line business enjoyed an increase in the number of families which upgraded to the eye multimedia home 
Telecommunications services for the commercial and public sectors grew strongly on the back of the local economic growth. International connectivity business also performed well and is poised to benefit from the increasing demand and PCCW Global s successful effort in establishing more interconnection partnerships around the world.
The separately listed HKT remains an integral part of the PCCW Group. We will work closely in particular with the PCCW Group s media business to ensure customers have a unique quadruple-play experience when using HKT s fixed-line, broadband and mobile services, which in turn will drive profitability of our businesses. The boards are committed to maximizing the value to the holders of the HKT share stapled units.

February 27, 2012 
