STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN
I am pleased to report a solid AFF (adjusted funds
flow) for HKT for the year ended December 31, 2016,
underpinned by satisfactory business performance,
operational synergies and improved margins.
Amid poor economic conditions and intensified market
competition in Hong Kong, HKT’s market-leading
broadband and mobile communications businesses
continued to perform steadily last year.
We have further expanded our fiber network and plan to
build a cross harbor superfast cable to serve the existing
and future needs of individual and business customers.
On mobile communications, we completed in the
third quarter integration of the core network, and this
has released synergies according to plan. The unified
network is more robust and versatile in offering superb
services to our mobile customers.
Backed by the core business base, HKT has made
good progress in developing new initiatives with a view
to creating value for unitholders in the longer term. The
Tap & Go mobile payment service, which received its
regulatory license last August, is gaining traction with
additional features as more consumers are adopting
innovative payment methods.
To meet the increasing demand for electric vehicles
(EVs) charging, HKT launched the Smart Charge total
EV charging solutions in the second half jointly with
CLP Holdings Limited. HKT strives to promote electric
mobility and contribute to a cleaner environment in
Hong Kong.
After a lackluster growth in 2016, Hong Kong’s
economic prospects in the coming year will likely
continue to be beset with economic uncertainties both at
home and globally. Industry competition in Hong Kong
will remain intense, while the regulatory environment
continues to be challenging. Given our forward-looking
strategy and management’s track record of prudent
execution, we are confident that HKT will be in the most
advantageous position to gain when consumer and
business confidence fully returns, and deliver value for
our unitholders.
Richard Li
Chairman
January 13, 2017