STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN 
HKT s operations last year were characterized by exciting developments in both our existing and new business activities. I am pleased to report that these contributed to a solid financial performance for 2012.
While the Hong Kong economy experienced a slowdown in growth last year partly because of uncertainties and recessionary pressures looming over the U.S. and Europe, HKT s underlying strengths and resilience made it less vulnerable to the external economic conditions.
Already the leader in the Hong Kong fixed broadband market, we intensified efforts to connect our fiber network to more offices and homes, culminating in the formation of a dedicated team to serve customers in premium residential locations, which has brought in more customers with higher spending.
Mobile service continues to be an important growth driver for our business in Hong Kong. Following the 4G network launch and other service initiatives, our mobile service is now re-establishing itself as a leading player in the market.
During the year, we started a project to rejuvenate our retail shops to showcase our increasing range of products.
Two new shops in prime shopping areas in Kowloon were unveiled last September exuding quality and style. This was followed by the opening of a Central Signature Store in February this year. This ongoing project has also made it possible to demonstrate in select new shops HKT s Smart Living home automation solutions for the modern homes of today.

Our global connectivity business has been boosted by the integration of the enhanced capabilities that we acquired last year. This will enable us to take full advantage of the growing opportunities beyond Hong Kong, for example, in Europe and Africa.
We take pride in the achievements of last year against a less-than-favorable economic environment locally and globally. We also note the solid rise in value of the HKT share stapled units in 2012. It is the objective of the Board and management to continue to build HKT s businesses and produce solid financial performance 
February 26, 2013 
