CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENTDear Shareholders,
2016 was the first year of the current five-year strategic planning
of the Company. The Company not only comprehensively
exceeded the annual operation targets, but also further promoted
the effective implementation of the five strategies, namely organic
growth on preform, fibre and cable, technology innovation and
intelligent manufacturing, internationalisation, diversification and
capital synergy growth. The main achievements made by the
Company are reflected in the following aspects:
Firstly, we reached another new record on operation results: the
Company has been consistently focusing on customers, seizing
the market opportunities brought by the market shortage, overall
optimising the internal and external resources, and making every
effort to fulfill various demands from our customers, and has
comprehensively achieved the operation targets in 2016. Our
production and sales volume both reached another historical
highs of 107.9 million fkm and 134.2 million fkm, respectively.
Our revenue increased by 20.4%, net profit increased by
21.6%, and our earnings per share was RMB1.03.
Secondly, we further improved our market layout: centering
on the strategy of connotative growth of preform-fiber-cable
business, the Company has accelerated the improvement on
domestic capacity layout. Through the expansions in 2016, the
Company has formed a nationwide production supply network
centering on Hubei and radiating to Gansu, Liaoning, Sichuan,
Shanghai, Jiangsu, Tianjin, Guangdong and Zhejiang, which
has significantly enhanced our capacity advantage and regional
structure. Meanwhile, centering on the international expansion
strategy and leverage on “The Belt and Road”, optical cable
joint ventures in Myanmar and South Africa and an optical fibre
joint venture in Indonesia have been put into operation whilst a
sales company in Thailand has been established, which marked
the overall launch of our overseas localised production and sales
services. Through continuous efforts and planning, the sales scale
and the market share of the Company kept growing. As a result,
the Company has achieved its strategic goal of becoming global
No.1 on the sales volume of optical fibre preform, optical fibre
and optical cable in 2016.
Thirdly, we gained fruitful achievements on constant technology
development: by way of import, digestion, absorption and reinnovation,
the Company has completely mastered the PCVD
process. Meanwhile, the self-developed VAD process has been
applied in large-scale production. In addition, the OVD project
undertaken by the joint venture with Shin-Etsu Chemical Co.,
Ltd. has also been put into trial production. As a result, the
Company has become the only supplier in the world capable
of large-scale production of optical fibre preform utilizing the
aforesaid three main processes. Furthermore, based on selfinnovation,
the Company has strengthened external cooperation
and preliminarily developed various products and services
such as silicon tetrachloride, network engineering service
solutions, which brought us the most complete value chain in the
industry. Meanwhile, the Company has also made significant
breakthroughs in multiple fields such as wide-band multimode
fibre, few-mode fibre, large effective area and ULL optical fibre
as well as optical fibre for medical applications. Moreover, the
Company has entered into strategic cooperation agreements
with China Unicom Network Technology Research Institute,
the Wuhan Branch of China Electric Power Research Institute
and other institutes, respectively, to jointly develop optical fibre
applications. All these have strongly enhanced the Company’s
research and development ability and supported the relevant
diversification of the Company.
Fourthly, we pursued the excellent management and obtained
sound results: the Company has strictly complied with the
compliance requirements applicable to companies listed in
Hong Kong, optimised the internal operation and management,
improved the quality and efficiency, and endeavoured to create
greater value for our shareholders. In 2016, the Company was
granted with “Highest Investment Value Award” by Bloomberg
Businessweek, and the share price and the market capitalisation
of the Company have both doubled. Besides, the Company has
continuously promoted lean production and reduced operating
costs by utilizing Six Sigma and other tools, which showed
remarkable achievements. In addition, through cooperation
with third-party management consulting firms, the Company has
further optimised and improved its internal management structure,
established the Group’s large market and large research and
development platform, improved customer responsiveness and
organic growth ability, and solidified the Company’s core
competitiveness.
Fifthly, our brand and industry positions have been strengthened
continuously: the Company has always regarded quality as its
foundation, hence its product quality and brand have always
been highly recognised. In 2016, the Company won the
gold award at the International Convention on Quality Control
Circles (ICQCC) for the third consecutive year, and also won,
among other awards, the Chinese Quality Award (nominated),
the International Star for Leadership in Quality as well as the
Success Summit. Meanwhile, the Company was also recognized
as Huawei’s “Best Partner” and Sri Lanka Telecom’s “Excellent
Supplier”. Moreover, the Company held the Global Optical
Fibre and Cable Conference in Wuhan together with CRU,
and also hosted important industry events such as the Annual
Academic Meeting of China Institute of Communications
on Telecommunication Lines, which greatly enhanced the
Company’s brand influence. In addition, the Company played
a leading role and participated in the organisation of the series
of events celebrating the 50th Anniversary of the Invention
of Optical Fibre, which has greatly promoted the favourable
development of optical fibre and cable industry.
Looking ahead, driven by the global informatization construction
and information consumption trends, the formation of high speed
information transmission network centered on data centers and
cloud technology is accelerating. A great number of countries
including China are currently speeding up to popularise 4G
and FTTH network, and also starting to the trial construction of
5G network. In view of these, we believe that the Internet of
Everything (IOE) will become a reality in the near future. The
constructions of the Next Generation Network (NGN) and
Internet of Things (IOT) will continuously provide blooming market
demands for optical fibre and cable. We will be driven by
leading technologies and devote ourselves into achieving the
smart IOE and creating a wonderful future for the IOE world
together with our customers!
At last, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I hereby express my
sincere gratitude for the outstanding contributions made by the
management and each employee of the Company, and also
for the interest in our Company and support all along from the
shareholders, customers, suppliers, business partners and the
community.
Ma Jie
Chairman
Wuhan, China
24 March 2017