CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
2015 was the first full financial year after the listing of the Company s H shares, and was also the last financial year of the Company s previous five-year plan. The Company has exceeded the annual operation targets, comprehensively achieved every goal set by the Board, and consequently delivered satisfactory results to our shareholders and the society. The major achievements are reflected in the following areas: Firstly, we reached record high on operation results: the Company, by focusing on manufacturing and operation, seizing every market opportunity, exploring organic growth potentials and making every efforts to fulfill various demands from our customers, has comprehensively completed operation targets in year 2015. Our production and sales both reached historical highs of 91.13 million fkm and 122.69 million fkm, respectively.
Our revenue increased by 18.6%, the net profit increased by 20.3%, and our earnings per share was RMB0.89. Because of our favourable operation results, the Company s shares had been included in Morgan Stanley Capital International Global Small Cap Indexes.

Secondly, we expanded our production bases to new locations: Taking advantage of One Belt, One Road national initiative, we have completed our domestic industrial layout by establishing new production bases in Wuhan Science & Technology Parks; Qianjiang Science & Technology Park, Hubei Province; Shenyang, Tieling, Liaoning Province; Lanzhou, Gansu Province and Lin an, Zhejiang Province. Among which, the full operation of cable production lines in Wuhan Science & Technology Park has greatly improved our delivery capabilities to our local and overseas customers. In addition, the production base for perform s raw materials, preforms and optical fibres in Qiangjiang Science & Technology Park, Hubei Province is under construction. This production base will further strengthen the Company s leading position in optical fibre preform and optical fibre industry and can provide strong support for our forthcoming development as well as our strategic target To become global No. 1 . Meanwhile, 2015 was the year of internationalisation for the Company. We reached out to global markets by establishing group companies on optical fibre and optical fibre cable in Myanmar, Indonesia and South Africa. Besides, our 22 overseas sales representative offices have already successfully conducted their businesses in overseas. In 2015, our overseas sales volume and revenue have rapidly increased by 26.0% and 33.0%, respectively, which marked a milestone to become a 
Thirdly, we set optimised policies for corporate management: our corporate management has significantly been changed and improved. After listing, the Company has reformed, adjusted and improved itself on compliance related matters pursuant to the relevant requirements for listed companies. Also, we were awarded with several social honours such as China Best Corporate Citizenship Award as well as National Quality Benchmarking . Meanwhile, we have carried out several new policies for employees, such as Vacancy Fill-up Competition , optimised remuneration system that closely linked their individual income with their individual performance, introduced the mixed ownership system in certain of our subsidiaries. More importantly, the Company has successfully implemented the ESOP to motivate more than 150 core employees in the technology and management positions. Through subscription of shares, they have become shareholders of the Company. All the abovementioned new policies reflects significant improvement on the corporate management and have generated positive effect not only in 2015 but also in the future. Especially, the ESOP and the mixed ownership system in certain of our subsidiaries will significantly improve the enthusiasm and creativity of employees, thereby maximising the full potential of employees.

Fourthly, we gained some new achievements on technology development: the Company has been focusing on investments in research and development so as to effectively implement the Company s business development strategy. In 2015, we implemented new self-developed preform manufacturing technology, which marked a pivotal point in our multi-processes strategy. Meanwhile, the Company announced new products such as FullBand Ultra and FarBand Ultra Low Loss Fibre, Cable for Extremely Cold Area, Fibre Perimeter Monitory System (FPMS), Pre-terminated Cable System for iCONEC Data Centre, FTTD Integrated Solutions based on Air-blown Cabling, FIBBR HDMI Data Cable, etc. These products contributed to the whole value chain and related diversification development. As the first company in China to have a global leading technology in ultra Low Loss Fibre production, we announced two Ultra Low Loss Fibre products with Ultra-high speed (Single channel transmission rate exceeding 400Gbs), Ultra-high capacity and can be used in Ultra-long distance in March 2015 in the 40th Optical Fiber Communication Conference & Exposition in the U.S ( OFC ) and were highly recognised by the industry.
Fifthly, our high quality products earned new honours : 2015 cumulative quality goals fulfillment rate reached 93%, an increase of 7% compared to 2014, and we were awarded with three international quality awards (including ESQR s Quality Achievement Award 2015 in the Gold CATEGORY by European Quality Association, Gold Medal by ICQCC, Inspirational company of the BIZZ 2015 by World Confederation of Business (WORLDCOB)), five national quality awards (including Nomination of China Quality Award which is the highest national award in quality, National Quality Benchmarking by Ministry of Industry and Information Technology ( MIIT ), 15th National Quality Award Encouragement Award and National Advanced Enterprise of Performance Excellence Model National Excellent QC Group and National Excellent Lean Six Sigma Projects by China Quality Association), and three local quality awards (including The Sixth Yangtze River quality Award by Hubei Government, Hubei Famous Brand and Wuhan Famous Brand by Hubei and Wuhan Bureau of Quality and Technical Supervision).

Looking ahead, with more countries in the world seriously promoting the National Broadband strategy, the development of 4G network, the launch of infrastructure construction of 5G network, and especially the Internet + and the extension of internet infrastructure to all villages initiated by Chinese government, the market demand of global optical fibre and cable will keep growing, as a result, 2016 will be another prosperous year for the telecommunications industry. Facing the promising market situation, the Company will seize those opportunities to accelerate the construction of various investment projects and to ensure all these projects can be completed on schedule and commence mass production as soon as possible.
Meanwhile, 2016 is the opening year of our next five-year development plan, the Company will accelerate our innovation on technology, management and business model to achieve our global No. 1 strategic target. We will simultaneously formulate and implement, once formulated, our five-year strategic development plan as well as seek new business opportunities in order to ensure our sustainability and to enhance our profitability.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the management team and staff for their outstanding contribution for our company. I would also like to thank our shareholders, clients, suppliers, business partners and the public community. We will make continuous efforts to create value for clients, create profit for shareholders, create welfare for employees, and make contributions for the industry.

24 March 2016 
