Chairman s Statement 
SUNeVision achieved another year of profitability for the year ended 30 June 2013, reporting a profit attributable to owners of the Company of 
Excluding the effects of fair value changes on investment properties, underlying profit attributable to the owners of the Company increased by HK$76.5 million year-on-year to 
Revenue was HK$764.6 million for the year, representing an 8% year-on-year improvement. The Group has built on the favourable trend established over the past years; our data centre businesses represent the most significant portion of the Group s core operations, and have contributed further to the performance of the Group. Gross margin for the year improved to 60.5%, reflecting effective cost management and operational efficiency.
Other income, being income in addition to revenue from operations, was HK$52.4 million for the year and is comparable to the level in the previous financial 
The Group s operating expenditures decreased slightly to HK$38.9 million, primarily a reflection of the non- recurrence of the agency fees incurred last year for securing office leases for the Group s investment 
Profit from operations was HK$476.2 million, an improvement of HK$89.3 million when compared to the previous financial year.

Consistent with the Group s normal practice, the investment properties were independently revalued as of 30 June 2013 on market value basis, resulting in a revaluation surplus of HK$123 million. This is slightly higher than the HK$119 million revaluation surplus of the previous financial year and is in line with prevailing 
Incorporating the above and after allowing for taxation, profit attributable to owners of the Company was HK$530.4 million; this compares to HK$449.9 million for the previous financial year.
The effects of the investment properties revaluation surpluses should be noted when comparing the results of the current and the previous financial years.
Shareholders funds as of 30 June 2013 amounted to HK$3,238.2 million, or HK$0.8 per share on a fully-diluted basis, reflecting effects of the bonus shares and convertible notes issued in November 2010. The Group s financial position remained strong with approximately HK$1,579.7 million in cash and interest-bearing securities on hand at the year end.
The directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK10.07 cents per share for the year ended 30 June 2013. This represents the full distribution of the underlying profit attributable to owners of the Company and compares to HK8.18 cents per share, on a fully-diluted basis, for the previous 
iAdvantage has been fully committed to each of its projects, working diligently to gain new businesses and enhancing its relationship with multinational and local customers. iAdvantage continues to provide high quality and professional services in meeting the increasingly stringent requirements of its customers; it is both upgrading the current and investing in new data centre infrastructure and facilities. It has maintained its position as a major carrier-neutral data centre services provider in Hong Kong with a stable and quality customer base.

With facilities of an international standard and outstanding service levels, iAdvantage is well positioned to provide quality data centre services to meet new demand from the telecommunications, financial services, information technology and public administration sectors. The new space at the site in Sha Tin taken up by iAdvantage in April 2012 has been put into production since December 2012.
Overall data centre occupancy was approximately 88% as at the year end.
Leveraging on the parent company s significant relationships, the Group s last-mile connectivity business has continued to provide quality services to its corporate and residential customers.

SUNeVision s portfolio of data infrastructure and service businesses position it well for sustained profitability and growth. iAdvantage will continue its pursuit of growth by working vigorously to capture new business to fill its data centres, and by being diligent in meeting customers ever changing 
Hong Kong is one of the most preferred locations in the region for the setting up of data centres and has attracted new investments in the field by local and international operators. As this increase in supply coincides with the impact of global economic uncertainty on potential customers decision cycles on major data centre projects, increased competition is to be expected in the short- to medium-term in the Hong Kong data centre market.

The Group is however optimistic that despite short- term volatilities in the market, the long-term prospects for the data centre business in Hong Kong are promising. iAdvantage has a proven track record and strong experience in providing quality services of high standard to meet customers exacting requirements, and remains confident in pursuing its growth strategy in order to be ready to serve the needs of its customers. Further to investing in and upgrading its data centre infrastructure and facilities, iAdvantage will continue to evaluate investment opportunities in data centres, and actively look for new premises to further increase its data centre space.
The Group s last-mile connectivity businesses will continue to deliver quality services and improve on 
SUNeVision remains committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance. A full array of board committees has effectively supported the Board in carrying out its responsibilities.

I would like to close by thanking the Board, management and every member of our dedicated staff for their support and hard work, and our shareholders for their continued confidence.
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond 
Hong Kong, 10 September 2013 