Chairman s Statement 
SUNeVision continued profitable during the financial year 2006-2007, recording a profit attributable to equity holders of the Company of HK$204.0 million, or HK$0.10 per share.

Revenue was HK$323.1 million, a seventeen percent increase over that in the last financial year.
Factors contributing to the increase included higher revenues from the Group s data centre and last- mile connectivity businesses. The year s gross profit of HK$140.7 million was also higher than for the financial year 2005-2006, reflecting price improvements across the Group s businesses. Gross margin for the year was 44 percent, five percentage points higher than that in the last financial year.
Other income, being income in addition to revenue from operations, was HK$51.3 million. This was substantially lower than that for the last financial year, where other income was made up primarily of a one-time gain upon redemption of several bond holdings, and a higher level of interest income before the payment of the normal and special dividends approved by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting in October 2006.
Operating expenditures were HK$46.2 million, moderately lower than in the last financial year as a result of continued tight control of costs. Profit from operations was HK$145.7 million.
Following normal practice, the Group s investment properties were independently revalued as of 30 June 2007 on an open market value basis, leading to a one-time valuation surplus of HK$99.0 million, which reflected prevailing property market 
During the financial year, the Group reviewed its equity technology investments. Again in line with normal practice, several listed investments were revalued as of 30 June 2007 on an open market value basis. At the same time, impairments were made to one of the investments, reflecting prevailing market conditions and a prudent and conservative view of that investment. As of 30 June 2007, the value of the Group s equity technology investments stood at HK$86.5 million.
After these adjustments, and allowing for taxation and minority interests, profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was HK$204.0 million.
This was considerably lower than that for last financial year, which included the one-time gain upon redemption of several bond holdings mentioned above, and the higher interest income before payment of the normal and special dividends approved by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting in October 2006. However, the Group s recurring profit remained strong, as evidenced by the increase in gross profit and continued cost 
After payment of the normal and special dividends of approximately HK$1.4 billion approved by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting in October 2006, the Group s financial position remained strong with approximately HK$355 million of cash and interest-bearing securities on hand. As noted in the Third Quarterly Report, the Group s future interest income will be substantially reduced given the payment of dividends to 
shareholders. Shareholder funds as of 30 June 2007 stood at HK$2,120 million, or HK$1.04 per 
As a result of the Group s profitability, the directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.045 per share for the year ended 30 June 
During the year, iAdvantage continued to strengthen its leadership position in carrier-neutral data centre facilities and services in Hong Kong and the Mainland. The business continued to meet the needs of global financial services firms, telecommunications providers, IT service providers, multinational corporations, and government authorities with its world-class facilities and services. Overall data centre occupancy was approximately 82 percent, a clear improvement over that in the last financial year. Demand for iAdvantage s facilities and services is anticipated 
During the year, the Group s consumer enabling and property-related technology businesses in Hong Kong and the Mainland continued to deliver value- added services to their customers. Productivity improved and the parent company s strong brand name and property heritage continued to provide 
SUNeVision s portfolio of data infrastructure and service provision businesses positions it well for sustained profitability and continued growth.
iAdvantage will seek to fill vacancies remaining in its current data centres as well as explore new opportunities for growth. The Group s consumer enabling and property-related technology businesses will carry on leveraging the parent company s significant relationships.
SUNeVision continues to maintain high standards of corporate governance. The full array of Audit, Remuneration, and Nomination Committees of the Board of Directors has been in place since the beginning of the last financial year. The Group believes that by conducting its business in a well- governed and socially responsible manner, its long- term interests and those of its shareholders will be 
I would like to close by thanking the board, management, and every member of staff for their ongoing dedication and hard work, and our shareholders for their continued confidence and 
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond 
Hong Kong, 11 September 2007 