Chairman s Statement 
During the financial year 2003-2004, the back-to-basics strategy that SUNeVision has been executing steadily in the past financial year bore solid fruit: the Group achieved full- year profitability for the first time and generated a net profit of HK$108 million, equivalent to HK$0.05 per share.

Turnover was HK$228 million, a 6% decline from that in the previous year. Factors behind this moderate change included reduced revenue from the Group s last-mile connectivity businesses, caused by slow project starts in the first half of the financial year. Revenue from the property-related website businesses also showed a decline.
Despite this, the year s gross profit of HK$69 million was only marginally down from the previous year s HK$71 million. Gross margin for the year was 30%, similar to the previous year. Profit from operations before one-off costs was HK$108 million, a significant improvement over the HK$74 million achieved in the previous year.
During the year under review, one of the Group s equity technology investments, ChinaCast Communication Holdings, a provider of satellite-based multimedia solutions in China, was successfully listed on the Singapore Exchange and is expected to provide satisfactory returns to the original investment. During the year, the Group also made a conservative provision of HK$38 million for impairment of several other equity technology investments that had been made historically during 2000 2001, reflecting market conditions and a prudent outlook for the investments. As of 30 June 2004, the revised value of the Group s equity technology investments stood at HK$133 million.
Further, following normal practice the Group s investment properties were independently revalued as of 30 June 2004 on an open market value basis, resulting in a valuation surplus of HK$38 million which reflected prevailing property market conditions.
After these adjustments, shareholder funds as of 30 June 2004 stood at HK$2,989 million, or HK$1.48 per share. The Group s financial position continues strong, with approximately HK$1.3 billion in cash and interest-bearing securities.
As a result of the Group s achieving full-year profitability, the Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.03 per share for the year ended 30 June 2004.

iAdvantage continued to anticipate and meet the needs of global telecommunications carriers, IT service providers, multinational corporations, and the authorities with its carrier-neutral, world-class Internet data centres in Hong Kong and Mainland China.
During the year, iAdvantage secured important new business opportunities in outsourcing and business continuity services with major local and multinational customers. Overall data centre occupancy during the year was approximately 56%, and continuing demand for iAdvantage s services is anticipated.
During the year, SUNeVision s consumer enabling and property-related technology businesses continued to deliver value-added services to its customers. Productivity improved and the parent company s strong property heritage continued to provide 
SUNeVision s portfolio of stable data infrastructure and service provision businesses, positions it well to improve and sustain its new-found profitability. Specifically, iAdvantage will press forward with increasing the occupancy of its data centres, while the Group s consumer enabling and property-related technology businesses will continue to utilize the parent company s important relationships.
I would like to close by thanking the board and management for their clear vision, commitment, and strong execution throughout the year, and to express my sincere appreciation to each member of our loyal and hardworking staff.
KWOK Ping Luen, Raymond Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hong Kong, 20 September 2004 
