Chairman s Statement 
SUNeVision delivered another year of profitability for the year ended 30 June 2012, recording a profit attributable to owners of the Company of 
Excluding the effects of fair value changes on investment properties, underlying profit attributable to the Company s shareholders improved by HK$62.0 million year-on-year to 
Revenue was HK$705.9 million for the year, showing an improvement of 12% when compared to the previous financial year. Riding on the favourable trends established over the years, the Group recorded further contributions from its data centre businesses. Gross margin improved slightly to 54% for the year, reflecting effective cost management on a continuing basis.
Other income, being income in addition to revenue from operations, was HK$50.5 million which is some HK$20.7 million higher than that for the previous financial year, mainly resulting from one-time gains of HK$13.6 million on redemption of interest-bearing securities as well as higher interest income.
The Group s operating expenditures increased moderately to HK$41.4 million, largely due to the agency fees incurred for securing new office leases for the Group s investment properties and higher general administrative expenses.
Profit from operations was HK$386.9 million, an improvement of HK$71.4 million over the previous financial year.

Following the Group s normal practice, the investment properties were independently revalued as of 30 June 2012 on an open market basis, resulting in a revaluation surplus of HK$119 million.
This is slightly lower than the HK$138 million revaluation surplus for the previous financial year and is in line with prevailing market conditions.
The Group reviewed its equity technology investments during the year and no impairments were made. Consistent with the Group s practices, the value of listed equity technology investments was marked to market. These equity technology investments of the Group had a total carrying value of HK$25.0 million as at 30 June 2012.
Incorporating the above, and allowing for taxation and non- controlling interests, profit attributable to owners of the Company was HK$449.9 million; compared to HK$405.2 million for the previous financial year. The effects of the investment properties revaluation surpluses should be noted when comparing the results between the current and the previous 
Shareholders funds as of 30 June 2012 stood at HK$3,051.4 million, or HK$0.75 per share on a fully-diluted basis, reflecting effects of the bonus shares and convertible notes issued in November 2010. The Group s financial position remained strong with approximately HK$1,438 million in cash and interest-bearing securities on hand.
The directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK8.18 cents per share for the year ended 30 June 2012. This represents the full distribution of the underlying profit attributable to owners of the Company and compares to HK6.62 cents per share, on a fully-diluted basis, for the previous 
iAdvantage continued its full commitment to each of its projects, worked diligently to capture new business, and maintained good relationships with both multinational and local customers. iAdvantage keeps excelling in providing quality and professional services to meet the increasingly stringent requirements of its customers; it has invested further in data centre infrastructure and remained as a major carrier-neutral data centre services provider in Hong Kong with a quality and stable customer base.
iAdvantage s world-class facilities and outstanding service levels position it well to provide quality data centre services to customers from the financial services, telecommunications, information technology and public administration sectors.
iAdvantage took up additional space at the site in Sha Tin in April 2012. Overall data centre occupancy was approximately 78% as at the year end.
Leveraging on the parent company s significant relationships, the Group s last-mile connectivity business provided quality services to its corporate and residential customers.

SUNeVision s portfolio of data infrastructure and service businesses prepares it well for sustained profitability and growth. iAdvantage has worked vigorously in capturing new prospects to fill its data centres and diligently in meeting its customers new requirements. iAdvantage will continue its pursuit of growth and evaluation of investment opportunities in data centres, and is actively looking for new premises to further increase its data centre space.
The Group s last-mile connectivity businesses will continue to deliver quality services and improve on product offerings.

SUNeVision remains committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance. A full array of board committees has effectively supported the Board in carrying out its responsibilities.
It is the Group s belief that by conducting its business in a well governed and socially responsible manner, its own long term interests and those of its shareholders will be maximised.

We welcome Mr. Kwok Kwok-chuen and Mr. Ma Kam-sing, Allen who joined the Board as independent non-executive directors in May 2012.
I would like to close by thanking the Board, management and every member of our dedicated staff for their support and hard work, and our shareholders for their continued confidence.
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond 
Hong Kong, 11 September 2012 