Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the results of SUNeVision for the financial year 2000-2001.

With the opening of new data centres and the launch of new services, revenue for the year under review was hk$198 million, up 194% over 1999-2000 (hk$67 million). Largely as a result of heavy start-up costs and one-off charges, losses for the year were hk$171 million as against hk$47 million in 1999-2000.
The directors do not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2001.
In the fourth quarter of the financial year 2001, we achieved positive gross margin for the first time as well as cutting operating losses by 29% compared with the previous quarter.

Despite global and local economic downturn, SUNeVision was able to continue its record of double digit revenue growth in each of the five quarters since listing in March 2000. We also steadily reduced operating expenses throughout the year. During the period under review, we critically reviewed staffing, trimming wherever necessary to ensure a lean and fully productive organisation.
The past year has been a period of challenges for Internet enterprises. The slowdown in information technology spending, caused primarily by a global retreat from the heady days of the Internet revolution, dampened demand for it products and services.
The effects of this contraction were well demonstrated in June 2001, when iAsiaWorks, one of iAdvantage s major clients, closed its Hong Kong operations.
However, by leveraging the widely acknowledged quality of iAdvantage s data centre facilities and services and its leadership in the Internet infrastructure sector, we achieved considerable success in our efforts to lease the space this client had vacated to a number of its former customers as well as to multinational corporations.
iAdvantage continued to demonstrate clear leadership in the Internet infrastructure sector in Asia during the year under review. Despite difficult market conditions, leasing at the data centres was generally satisfactory. In February 2001, the 350,000 sq. ft. mega-iAdvantage in Chai Wan began operations. It is the only purpose-built data centre in Hong Kong with superior specifications and 
has attracted quality customers including large multinational corporations.
During the year, iAdvantage continued to strengthen its competitive position by introducing innovative value-added services and by entering into strategic alliances with a number of leading international solutions providers.
SUNeVision s other business units, Super e-Technology, Super e-Network, Super-Office, SuperHome, SuperStreets, Red-Dots and Venture Capital made steady progress throughout the year.

The information technology sector is expected to consolidate further; sound business sense will continue to shape SUNeVision s forward strategy as we build on our steady revenue growth and solid fundamentals.
As part of our ongoing review of business operations, we will continue to focus on operations with growth potential, particularly our Internet infrastructure services. We will continue to tightly manage our operating and capital expenditures, and a series of cost cutting measures will be put in place to further reduce our operating expenses.
With our strong financial position of hk$1.87 billion in cash and interest bearing securities, and with the capital expenditure-intensive period over, we are in a favourable position to capture new expansion opportunities and investments 
The information technology shakedown is by no means over, and we will continue to face many challenges in the near term. I am confident, however, in the long-term future of the sector. Any continuing weakness in the overall economy will inevitably force businesses to compete by operating more efficiently and cost-effectively, and this will drive fresh demands for information technology of proven quality. Therefore the long-term growth prospects for SUNeVision 
I would like to thank my fellow directors and SUNeVision s management for their unremitting efforts during the year. Their loyal dedication, coupled with strong experience, has done much to lay the firm groundwork for our future.
Kwok Ping Luen, Raymond Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Hong Kong, 17 September 2001 
