Chairman s Statement 
SUNeVision achieved a satisfactory performance for the financial year ended 30 June 2016, with a profit attributable to owners of the Company of HK$549.0 million. Underlying profit attributable to owners of the Company (excluding the effect of fair value change on investment properties) was HK$510.0 million; an increase of HK$14.6 million.

The Group's revenue for the year was HK$999.0 million; a 9% year-on-year improvement driven mainly by the growth in the Group's data centre operations. The Group was able to renew contracts with various customers during the year with healthy rental reversions, as well as attracted a number of major new clients (including leading cloud service providers).
Gross profit for the year rose to HK$638.4 million, with gross margin at 64%. The cost of sales for the Group was HK$360.6 million, representing an increase of HK$44.4 million. This was mainly due to higher rental expenses for additional floors taken up at MEGA Two (Sha Tin) and additional resources invested in technical and engineering teams to meet the needs for development and expanded operations. A substantial proportion of the more floors taken up at MEGA Two were subsequently leased to a major customer in 2016.
Operating expenditure for the year increased by 15% to HK$50.8 million. This was due to the expansion of sales and marketing resources to broaden the reach to potential customers in anticipation of the complete revitalization of MEGA Two and the new MEGA Plus (Tseung Kwan O) facilities. Profit from operations for the year was HK$608.5 million; an improvement of HK$21.1 million compared with the previous 
Consistent with the Group's normal practice, investment properties were independently revalued as of 30 June 2016 on a market-value basis, which resulted in an increase in fair value of HK$39.0 million. The revaluation was in line with prevailing market conditions. Taking this into account and allowing for taxation, profit attributable to owners of the Company was HK$549.0 million, compared with HK$569.4 million for the previous financial year. Underlying profit, excluding the effect of fair value change on investment properties, increased by HK$14.6 million to HK$510.0 million.
Shareholders' funds as of 30 June 2016 amounted to HK$3,565.3 million, or HK$0.88 per share taking into account the effect of bonus shares and convertible notes issued in November 2010. The Group's financial position remained strong with approximately HK$1,106.7 million in cash and interest-bearing securities on hand at year end. At the same time, the Group had a medium-term bank borrowing of HK$194.0 million.
The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK12.60 cents per share for the year ended 30 June 2016, compared to HK12.25 cents per share for the previous financial year of 201415.
The final dividend will be paid on 17 November 2016 following approval at the 2016 Annual 
The Group's core data centre business, iAdvantage, continued to perform well as a leading carrier- neutral data centre operator in Hong Kong.
MEGA continued to do well, and remains the undisputed connectivity hub in Hong Kong. There is now an optimization plan in progress to enhance the facilities and power availability to cater for clients (such as cloud service providers) that look for higher-density power provision.

MEGA Two has seen high utilization of its space by customers. It is in the final stage of being transformed into a facility fully dedicated to data centre use. This will ensure the facility provides first- rate service in security, power provision and facility management to customers. It is also becoming a favoured second site for existing customers at 
MEGA Plus in Tseung Kwan O is progressing smoothly and due for completion in 2017. Upon completion, it will be the first purpose-built Tier 4 ready facility on land dedicated to data centre use, which distinctly differentiates itself from nearby data centre sites in industrial estates. MEGA Plus is risk free from subletting issues, allowing customers to meet all their business and compliance 
SUNeVision's approach is to build a portfolio of data centres at different locations and with different price-points, all equipped with superior infrastructure and facilities. The Group has invested in fibre connections amongst these centres to ensure speedy connectivity. All this is to allow customers a broader choice of infrastructure to meet their needs, whether they are using SUNeVision as their primary sites, mirror sites, or simply points of presence.
SUNeVision's aspiration is to provide the highest quality data centre service in the region, but it cannot simply rely on superior infrastructure. It must also rely on understanding and catering for customers' changing needs and providing premium service. SUNeVision will continue to upgrade its service level to serve its customers better.
The Group's Super e-Technology and Super e-Network last-mile connectivity businesses continued to focus on a range of services covering design, building and maintenance of communications and system infrastructure to provide quality service to corporate and residential 
With the full revitalization of MEGA Two and the completion of the state-of-the-art MEGA Plus, SUNeVision is entering a significant new stage of growth. These new facilities will enable a substantial increase in SUNeVision's capacity to grow with customers' needs, while the Group's existing operations will maintain its leading market position to meet market demand and achieve 
The unprecedented growth of data usage and the rapid rise of cloud service providers create ample opportunities for SUNeVision. At the same time, these trends have also attracted many new players to invest in data centre facilities in Hong Kong, resulting in a substantial increase in data centre capacity. To succeed, SUNeVision must continue to differentiate itself with superior infrastructure and service. It must also continuously upgrade its facilities to meet the changing needs of customers.
SUNeVision remains committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance. There are a number of board committees established to effectively support the Board in carrying out its 
I would like to close by thanking the Board, management and every member of our committed staff for their dedication and hard work, and our shareholders for their continued confidence and 
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond 
Hong Kong, 2 September 2016 