Chairman s Statement 
SUNeVision achieved another year of profitability for the year ended 30 June 2014, with a profit attributable to owners of the Company of 
Excluding the effects of fair value changes on investment properties, underlying profit attributable to owners of the Company increased by HK$56.1 million year-on-year to HK$463.5 
Revenue was HK$846.2 million for the year, representing an 11% year-on-year improvement.
The Group has continued to benefit from growth in business demand; our data centre businesses constituted the most of the Group s core operations, and have contributed further to the performance of the Group. Gross margin for the year increased to 64.7%, translating into gross profit of HK$547.8 million. This is a result of continued effective cost management and operational efficiency.
Other income, being income in addition to revenue from operations, was HK$40.1 million for the year.
This is HK$12.3 million lower than the previous financial year primarily as a result of a reduction in non-recurring gain on disposal of assets compared to the previous financial year.
Profit from operations was HK$546.2 million, an improvement of HK$69.9 million when compared to the previous financial year.
Consistent with the Group s normal practice, the investment properties were independently revalued as of 30 June 2014 on market value basis, resulting in a revaluation surplus of HK$122 million. This is slightly lower than the HK$123 million revaluation surplus of the previous financial year and is in line with prevailing market conditions.
Incorporating the above and after allowing for taxation, profit attributable to owners of the Company was HK$585.5 million; this compares to HK$530.4 million for the previous financial year. The effects of the investment properties revaluation 
surpluses should be noted when comparing the results of the current and the previous financial 
Shareholders funds as of 30 June 2014 amounted to HK$3,407.1 million, or HK$0.8 per share on a fully-diluted basis, reflecting effects of the bonus shares and convertible notes issued in November 2010. The Group s financial position remains strong after accounting for the land cost of our new data centre at Tseung Kwan O. The Group s cash and interest-bearing securities on hand was approximately HK$1,235.3 million at the year end.
The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK11.46 cents per share for the year ended 30 June 2014. This represents the full distribution of the underlying profit attributable to owners of the Company and compares to HK10.07 cents per share, on a fully-diluted basis, for the previous financial year.

iAdvantage continues to focus on gaining new businesses and enhancing its relationship with multinational and local customers. In pursuit of further business growth, our Group has embarked on the development of a new flagship high-tier data centre at Tseung Kwan O to expand our business capacity and strategic geographic coverage. In October 2013, the Group won the tender for the Tseung Kwan O site, which is the first, and so far the only, land lot put up by the Hong Kong Government dedicated for high-tier data centre use without any restriction on further subleasing. The Group will build a new flagship high-tier data centre on this site with expected completion in 2017. The progress of the development project has been smooth since its commencement early this year. In addition, we have continued to enjoy high occupancy at our Sha Tin site and will look to further expand our footprint there. These developments represent continuous commitment of our Group to grow our business and to pursue service excellence in meeting the changing customer requirements and to maintain our leading carrier-neutral data centre service position in Hong Kong.

With facilities of an international standard and outstanding service levels, iAdvantage is well- positioned to provide quality data centre services to meet new demand from the cloud services, telecommunications, financial services, information technology and public administration sectors.
Leveraging on the parent company s significant relationships, the Group s last-mile connectivity business has also continued to provide quality services to its corporate and residential customers.

SUNeVision s portfolio of data infrastructure and technology service businesses is well-positioned to meet the market demand for more data centres and related services to achieve sustained profitability and growth. iAdvantage will continue its pursuit of growth by working vigorously to capture new business by facilitating our customers in meeting their business needs.
Hong Kong, as one of the most preferred locations in the region for setting up data centres, has continued to attract new investments in the field by local and international operators. The increased supply of data centres has resulted in more competition and demand for higher quality services.
The need for more secure and proven high-tier data centres will likely become the norm and iAdvantage s high-tier data centres and quality services would continue to differentiate ourselves favourably from 
Further to investing in and upgrading its data centre infrastructure and facilities, iAdvantage will continue to evaluate investment opportunities in data centres, and actively look for new premises to further increase its data centre space.
The Group s last-mile connectivity businesses will continue to deliver quality services and improve on 
SUNeVision remains committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance. A full array of board committees has effectively supported the Board in carrying out its responsibilities.

We welcome our new independent non-executive director, Mr. Lee Wai-kwong, Sunny and our new non-executive director Mr. Fung Yuk-lun, Allen, who joined us in November 2013 and January 2014 
I would like to close by thanking the Board, management and every member of our dedicated staff for their dedication and hard work, and our shareholders for their continued confidence and 
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond 
Hong Kong, 11 September 2014 