Chairman s Statement 
During the financial year 2001-2002, SUNeVision turned a significant corner, shrinking losses through company-wide cost efficiency measures and decisive restructuring.

Turnover was HK$241 million, HK$43 million (22%) higher than the previous year. When the fourth quarter and the previous quarter are compared, turnover grew by 6% and gross margin reached 24% as against 21%. Operating expenses decreased for the eighth 
A gross profit of HK$45 million (or 19% gross margin) was achieved, in clear contrast to the previous year s gross loss of HK$16 million (or -8% gross margin). Losses before one- off costs shrank to HK$5 million as against HK$141 million in the previous year.
The one-off costs of HK$131 million incurred in restructuring business units, the previously reported provision of HK$356 million for the venture investment portfolio, and the HK$140 million revaluation deficit of floors in Millennium City, together contributed to a net loss for the year of HK$634 million.
SUNeVision holds approximately HK$1.8 billion in cash and interest-bearing securities, of which HK$730 million is earmarked for repayment to the parent company in February 2003. The Group thus continues in a very strong financial position.
The directors do not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 30 
SUNeVision s present operational strength reflects the year s consistent back-to-basics strategy. Unprofitable business units were closed, venture investments were written down, costs were cut enterprise-wide, and administration and management operations were streamlined and relocated. All this was achieved without compromising on quality and service excellence, and it has allowed the Group to concentrate even more firmly on generating maximum value from its core competencies.
iAdvantage is moving steadily towards making SUNeVision a leading carrier-neutral provider of data infrastructure and data-centric services. Existing data centre occupancy rate is satisfactory and a considerably increased occupancy is expected from recent customer commitment and a strong sales pipeline.

SUNeVision s consumer enabling services showed promising turnover growth and continued to successfully leverage the parent company s strong property heritage.

Going forward, SUNeVision s recovered fundamentals, its revenue-centred strategy and its financial strength position it strongly for growth. Successful reorganization has put iAdvantage centre stage as the Group s primary growth engine. Barring unforeseen circumstances, no further major restructuring or provisions are anticipated and the Group will become profitable in the next financial year.
SUNeVision begins the coming year with a healthy portfolio of data infrastructure and service provision businesses and will continue to look for new core IT related businesses that can generate immediate and reliable cash flows.
On the staff side, Mr Sheridan Yen, SUNeVision s Managing Director, was appointed Chief Executive Officer of iAdvantage in February 2002. In addition we welcomed Mr Andrew So as the Group s Executive Director in March 2002.
Finally, I would like to thank the board and the management team for their clear vision and demonstrated commitment throughout a year of significant review and consolidation and to record my sincere appreciation to each member of our loyal and hardworking 
K WOK P ING L UEN , R AYMOND Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hong Kong, 23 September 2002 
