Chairman s Statement 
SUNeVision continued to grow profitably during the financial year 2005 2006, generating a net profit of HK$339 million compared with HK$146 million in the previous financial year.

Turnover was HK$276 million, an eleven percent increase over that in the previous financial year. Factors behind the growth included higher revenues, driven by increased demand, from the Group s Internet data centre and last-mile connectivity businesses. The year s gross profit of HK$109 million was also higher than the previous financial year s, reflecting price improvements across the Group s businesses. Gross margin for the year was 39 percent, two percent higher than that in the previous financial year.
Other revenue, being revenue in addition to turnover from operations, was HK$181 million.
This was substantially higher than that of last financial year largely as a result of the one-time redemption of several bond holdings, and the one-time distributions from an equity technology investment, during the year. Operating expenditures were HK$48 million, similar to that of the previous financial year. Profit from operations was HK$241 million.
Following normal practice, the Group s investment properties were independently revalued as of 30 June 2006 on an open market value basis, leading to a one-time valuation surplus of HK$141 million, which reflected prevailing property market conditions.
During the financial year, the Group reviewed its equity technology investments. Following normal practice, several listed investments were revalued as of 30 June 2006 on an open market value basis. At the same time, impairments were made to a few investments as a result of prevailing market conditions and a prudent and conservative outlook for the investments. As of 30 June 2006, the value of the Group s equity technology investments stood at 
After these adjustments, and allowing for taxation and minority interests, net profit for the financial year was HK$339 million. Shareholders funds as of 30 June 2006 stood at HK$3,308 million, or HK$1.63 per share. The Group s financial position continues strong, with approximately HK$1.6 billion in cash and interest-bearing securities.
As a result of the Group s profitability, the directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.045 per share for the year ended 30 June 2006, the same as that in the previous financial year.
Furthermore, in recognition of our shareholders long-term trust and support, and to produce a more efficient capital structure for the Group in the long-term, the directors recommend the payment of a special cash dividend of HK$0.66 per share for the year ended 30 June 2006.
After the distribution of the recommended dividends, the Group will continue to hold sufficient cash resources to meet expected operational needs and needs for future growth.

iAdvantage continued to strengthen its position as the leader in carrier-neutral data centre facilities and services in Hong Kong and China during the year. The business unit continued to meet the needs of global financial services, telecommunications carriers, IT service providers, multinational corporations, and government authorities with its carrier-neutral, world-class facilities and services. Overall data centre occupancy during the year was approximately 70 percent, a significant improvement over that in the previous financial year. Demand for iAdvantage s services is anticipated to grow.

During the year, the Group s consumer enabling and property-related technology businesses continued to deliver value-added services to their customers. Productivity improved and the parent company s strong property heritage continued to provide valuable leverage.

SUNeVision s portfolio of data infrastructure and service provision businesses positions it well for sustained profitability and continued growth. iAdvantage will strive to raise the occupancy of its data centres, while the Group s consumer enabling and property-related technology businesses will continue to leverage the parent company s valuable relationships.
SUNeVision continues to maintain high standards of corporate governance. The full array of Audit, Remuneration, and Nomination Committees of the Board of Directors has been in place since the beginning of the financial year. The Group believes that by conducting its business in a well-governed and socially responsible manner, its long-term interests and those of its shareholders will be maximized.
I would like to close by thanking the board, management, and every member of staff for their ongoing dedication and hard work, and our shareholders for their continued confidence and 
KWOK Ping-luen, Raymond 
Hong Kong, 6 September 2006 