Chairman s Statement 
During the financial year 2002-2003, SUNeVision continued with the back-to-basics strategy introduced in the previous financial year. Continuous improvements in efficiency together with further streamlining of costs enabled the Group to generate profit of HK$74 million from operations after finance costs and before one-off costs.

Turnover was HK$243 million, HK$2 million higher than the previous year. As between the fourth quarter and the previous quarter, turnover grew marginally and gross margin reached 31% as against 29%. Operating expenses decreased for the twelfth consecutive 
The year s gross profit of HK$71 million (or 29% gross margin) represented a considerable increase over the previous year s gross profit of HK$45 million (or 19% gross margin). Profit from operations after finance costs and before one-off costs was HK$74 million, a significant improvement over the loss of HK$5 million in the previous 
Contributing to the net loss for the year of HK$341 million were one-off costs of HK$50 million of valuation deficit on investment properties and a HK$123 million deficit on revaluation of Internet data centre land and buildings. These were both necessitated by changes in property values over past years.
Further, the Group made a conservative HK$252 million provision for impairment of equity technology investments. This reflects current market conditions and, in particular, the 100% impairment made by the majority shareholder in C2C, the international undersea cable operator in which SUNeVision holds a minority interest.
As of 30 June 2003, the revised value of the Group s equity technology investments stood at HK$166 million.
After the above write-downs, shareholders funds as of 30 June 2003 stood at HK$2,881 million, or HK$1.42 per share.
Having repaid the shareholder loan of HK$730 million to the parent company in February 2003, SUNeVision holds approximately HK$1.2 billion in cash and interest-bearing securities. The Group s financial position continues strong.
The directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend for the year ended 30 June 
iAdvantage continued to progress towards making SUNeVision a leading carrier-neutral provider of data infrastructure and data-centric services. iAdvantage s world-class facilities and customer service attracted large local and multinational customers, hosting their mission-critical applications and services. Overall data centre occupancy during the year was 60% and continuing new demand for iAdvantage s services is 
The turnover of SUNeVision s consumer enabling and property-related technology businesses grew during the year and these businesses continued to successfully leverage the parent company s strong property heritage.

With its group of stable data infrastructure and service provision businesses, SUNeVision is well positioned to further improve its financial performance and leverage its strong fundamentals and financial position for growth. iAdvantage will seek vigorously to increase the occupancy of all its data centres. The Group will continue to look for new, IT-related businesses with immediate revenue and reliable cash flow to complement its existing businesses.
In February 2003 Professor Steven Zhang resigned from his position as an Independent Non-Executive Director. On behalf of the board, I would like to express my sincere thanks to Professor Zhang for his contributions to the Group.
Finally, I would like to thank the board and management team for their clear vision, commitment and persistence throughout a year of continuous improvement and to express my sincere appreciation to each member of our loyal and hardworking staff.
KWOK Ping Luen, Raymond Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hong Kong, 22 September 2003 
