Chairman s Statement 
SUNeVision continued profi table during the fi nancial year 2008 2009, recording a profi t attributable to equity holders of the Company of HK$182.9 million.
Excluding the effect of fair value changes on investment properties, underlying profi t attributable to the Company s shareholders was HK$176.8 million, an increase of some 14% from the previous fi nancial year.

Revenue was HK$522.3 million, a 28.5% year on year increase. This refl ects higher revenues from the Group s two key businesses data centres and last mile connectivity. It also builds successfully on the favourable trends of the previous fi nancial year. Improved revenues and well managed cost of sales contributed to the higher gross profi t of HK$242.8 million for the year. Gross margin for the year was maintained at approximately 46%.
Other income, being income in addition to revenue from operations, was HK$16.3 million. This is approximately HK$3.1 million below that for the previous fi nancial year, largely as a result of lower interest income.
Continued stringency in cost control measures has brought operating expenditures down to HK$36.4 million, which is 11.5% below those for the previous year. Profi t from operations was HK$222.7 million.
Following the Group s normal practice, the investment properties were independently revalued as of 30 June 2009 on an open market basis, leading to a one time revaluation surplus of HK$4.1 million. This is substantially lower than the HK$119 million revaluation surplus for the previous fi nancial year and is in line with prevailing market conditions.
During the financial year, the Group reviewed its equity technology investments, recording impairments of approximately HK$13 million for the year. Consistent with the previous year s practice, the value of listed equity technology investments was marked to market. As of 30 June 2009, the carrying value of the Group s equity technology investments stood at HK$33.7 million.
After these adjustments, and allowing for taxation and minority interests, profi t attributable to equity holders of the Company was HK$182.9 million. Shareholders funds as of 30 June 2009 stood at HK$2,359.8 million, or HK$1.16 per share. The Group s fi nancial position remained strong with approximately HK$573.3 million of cash and interest bearing securities on hand.
The directors recommend the payment of a fi nal dividend of HK$0.06 per share for the year ended 30 June 2009.

iAdvantage continued to show its full commitment to each of its existing projects, worked diligently to bring in fresh business, and enhanced its relationships with both multinational and local fi rms. It carried on investing in quality infrastructure and strengthened its market position in carrier neutral data centre facilities and services. Its world class facilities and outstanding service levels ensure that its business successfully anticipates the increasingly stringent requirements of customers from the global financial services, telecommunications, information technology, multinational corporate, and public services sectors. Overall data centre occupancy was approximately 77%.
The Group s last mile connectivity business again provided quality services to its corporate and residential customers.
During the year, its property related technology business and consumer enabling businesses continued to deliver value added services to customers.
As announced in February 2009, the Group has entered into an agreement for the disposal of two fl oors of Kodak House II to an independent third party. Completion of the sale and purchase is expected to take place in the next fi nancial year.

SUNeVision s portfolio of data infrastructure and service businesses positions it well for sustained profi tability and growth. iAdvantage will actively continue to explore new prospects to further increase the occupancy of its data centres, while the Group s last mile connectivity and property related technology businesses will carry on leveraging its parent company s many signifi cant relationships.
SUNeVision continues to maintain high standards of corporate governance. A full array of board committees chaired by independent directors has effectively supported the board in carrying out its responsibilities. The Group believes that by conducting its business in a well governed and socially responsible manner its own long term interests and those of its shareholders will be maximised.
The Group will remain cost cautious and manage its business prudently in order to strengthen itself against sustained global economic pressures.
I would like to close by commending the board, management, and our dedicated staff for their unqualifi ed support and hard work, and thanking our shareholders for their continued confi dence.
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond 
Hong Kong, 3 September 2009 