Chairman s Statement 
SUNeVision achieved another profitable year for the financial year ended 30 June 2015, with a profit attributable to owners of the Company of HK$569.4 million.
Excluding the effect of fair value changes on investment properties, underlying profit attributable to owners of the Company increased by HK$31.9 million year-on-year to 
Revenue was HK$918.1 million for the year, representing an 8.5% year-on-year improvement.
This was largely a result of greater contributions from the data centre business. Gross margin for the year increased from 64.7% to 65.6%, translating into a gross profit of HK$601.9 million.
Yearly profit from operations was HK$587.4 million, an improvement of HK$41.2 million compared with the previous financial year.
Consistent with the Group s normal practice, the investment properties were independently revalued as of 30 June 2015 on market value basis, resulting in an increase in fair value of HK$74 million.
The revaluation is in line with prevailing market conditions. Taking the above into account and allowing for taxation, profit attributable to owners of the Company was HK$569.4 million, compared with HK$585.5 million for the previous financial year. But excluding the effect of fair value change on investment properties, the underlying profit increased by HK$31.9 million to HK$495.4 million.
Shareholders funds as of 30 June 2015 amounted to HK$3,502.4 million, or HK$0.87 per share on a fully-diluted basis, reflecting the effect of bonus shares and convertible notes issued in November 2010. The Group s financial position remained strong with approximately HK$1,249.9 million in cash and interest-bearing securities on hand at the 
The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK12.25 cents per share for the year ended 30 June 2015. The final dividend will be paid on 17 November 2015. This represents the full distribution of the underlying profit attributable to owners of the Company and compares to HK11.46 cents per share, on a fully-diluted basis, for the previous financial year.

The Group s core data centre business, iAdvantage, continued to perform well as a major carrier- neutral data centre service provider in Hong Kong. For further development, iAdvantage will continue to expand capacity to meet market demand for quality high-tier data centre service.
The construction of a new flagship data centre in Tseung Kwan O with about 44,000 square metres (over 470,000 square feet) of gross floor area has been progressing smoothly, and is on schedule for completion in 2017. The main contractor was appointed to commence work in July 2015. The Group also continued to expand its MEGA Two facility to meet market demand for quality high-tier data centre service in the short to medium term.
These investments demonstrate the Group s strong commitment to continued growth to maximize 
High quality facilities and outstanding service make iAdvantage a strong choice for data centre outsourcing, business continuity and other mission- critical operations. iAdvantage s ability to provide quality and professional service has enabled it to maintain a strong presence in traditional sectors like financial services and telecommunications, as well as to capture business from fast-growing segments such as cloud services.

The Group s Super e-Technology and Super e-Network last-mile connectivity businesses continued to focus on a range of services covering design, build-and-maintenance of communications and system infrastructure to provide quality service to corporate and residential customers.

SUNeVision s portfolio of data infrastructure and technology service businesses is well-positioned to meet market demand and achieve sustained profitability and growth. The new data centre in Tseung Kwan O will further enhance SUNeVision s capacity to meet customer needs in location, space and service quality.
Hong Kong is one of the preferred locations in the region for data centres and has continued to attract new investment in the field by local and international operators. The increased supply of data centres has resulted in more competition and demand for higher quality service. The need for more secure, energy efficient, well-managed and proven high-tier data centres will likely become the norm and iAdvantage s high-tier data centres and quality service will continue to differentiate it favourably from the competition.
Further to investing in and upgrading its data centre infrastructure and facilities, iAdvantage will continue to evaluate new investment opportunities in data centres.
The Group s last-mile connectivity businesses will continue delivering quality service and improve on 
SUNeVision remains committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance. A full array of board committees has effectively supported the Board in carrying out its responsibilities.

I would like to close by thanking the Board, management and every member of our committed staff for their dedication and hard work, and our shareholders for their continued confidence and 
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond 
Hong Kong, 4 September 2015 
