Chairman s Statement 
SUNeVision achieved a further year of profitability for the year ended 30 June 2011, reporting a profit attributable to owners of the Company of 
Excluding the effects of fair value changes on investment properties, underlying profit attributable to the Company s shareholders was HK$268.9 million, representing an improvement of HK$32.3 million when compared to the previous year s underlying profit, which also excludes the one-time disposal gain on investment 
Revenue was HK$630.8 million, a 16% year on year increase.
The Group has successfully built on the favourable trends of the previous financial year and achieved higher revenues in its core businesses of data centres and last-mile connectivity. Gross margin mildly improved to 51% for the year, reflecting effective 
Other income, being income in addition to revenue from operations, was HK$29.7 million which is some HK$8.4 million lower than that for the previous financial year, largely as a result of certain one-off gains from investments in the previous financial year which did not recur.
The Group s operating expenditures increased moderately to HK$38.6 million, including expenses for the bonus issue of shares with a convertible note option in November 2010 and the approval of the continuing connected transactions in June 
Profit from operations was HK$315.5 million, an improvement of HK$42.1 million over the previous financial year.

Following the Group s normal practice, the investment properties were independently revalued as of 30 June 2011 on an open market basis, resulting in a revaluation surplus of HK$138 million.
This is substantially higher than the HK$68 million revaluation surplus for the previous financial year and is in line with prevailing market conditions.
The Group reviewed its equity technology investments during the year and no impairments were made. Consistent with the Group s practices, the value of listed equity technology investments was marked to market. These equity technology investments of the Group had a total carrying value of HK$23.2 million as at 30 June 2011.
Incorporating the above, and allowing for taxation and minority interests, profit attributable to owners of the Company was HK$405.2 million; compared to HK$344.1 million for the previous financial year. When comparing the results between the current and previous financial years, the effects of the investment properties revaluation surpluses should be noted, as should the one-time gain on disposal of two floors of Kodak House II in the previous financial year.
Shareholders funds as of 30 June 2011 stood at HK$2,879.5 million, or HK$0.71 per share on a fully-diluted basis, reflecting effects of the bonus shares and convertible notes issued in November 2010. The Group s financial position remained strong with approximately HK$1,330 million in cash and interest-bearing securities on hand.
The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK6.62 cents per share for the year ended 30 June 2011. This represents the full distribution of the underlying profit attributable to owners of the Company and compares to HK4 cents per share, on a fully-diluted basis, for the previous 
iAdvantage has been fully committed to each of its projects, working diligently to bring in new business, and enhancing its relationships with both multinational and local customers.
iAdvantage continues to excel in providing quality and professional services to meet its customers needs; it further invested in quality infrastructure and strengthened its market position in carrier-neutral data centre facilities and services.
iAdvantage s world-class facilities and outstanding service levels position it well to meet the increasingly stringent requirements of customers from the global financial services, telecommunications, information technology, multinational corporate, and public service sectors. Overall data centre occupancy was approximately 87% as at the year end.
Leveraging on the parent company s significant relationships, the Group s last-mile connectivity business continued to provide quality services to its corporate and residential customers.

SUNeVision s portfolio of data infrastructure and service businesses serves it well for sustained profitability and growth.
In addition to vigorously exploring prospective businesses to fill its existing data centres, and working diligently to fulfil its customers new requirements, iAdvantage will continue its pursuit of growth and will actively evaluate investment opportunities in data centres.
The Group s last-mile connectivity businesses will continue to deliver quality services and improve on product offerings.

SUNeVision remains committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance. A full array of board committees chaired by independent directors has effectively supported the Board in carrying out its responsibilities. It is the Group s belief that by conducting its business in a well governed and socially responsible manner, its own long term interests and those of its shareholders will be maximised.
As announced on 9 September 2011, the Company submitted a formal application to the Stock Exchange for the transfer of listing to the Main Board. Further announcements will be made to update the shareholders on the progress of the application in due course.
I would like to close by thanking the Board, management and every member of our dedicated staff for their support and hard work, and our shareholders for their continued confidence.
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond 
Hong Kong, 12 September 2011 