Chairman s Statement 
SUNeVision delivered a further year of profitability for the year ended 30 June 2010, recording a profit attributable to shareholders of the Company of HK$360.1 million.
Excluding the effects of fair value changes and one-time disposal gain on investment properties, underlying profit attributable to the Company s shareholders was HK$236.5 million, an increase of some 34% from the previous financial year.

Revenue was HK$544.0 million, a 4.2% year on year increase. The Group succeeded in building on the favourable trends of the previous financial year and achieved higher revenues in its core businesses of data centres and last-mile connectivity. Better revenues and well managed cost of sales contributed to an improved gross margin of 49% and the higher gross profit of HK$270.8 million for the year.
Other income, being income in addition to revenue from operations, was HK$38.1 million, which is approximately HK$21.9 million above that for the previous financial year, largely as a result of certain one-off gains from investments and improved interest income from the Group s investments in interest-bearing securities.
The Group remained vigilant in cost control measures and had operating expenditures of HK$35.6 million, which represented a mild decrease of HK$0.8 million from those for the previous year. Profit from operations was HK$273.4 million, an improvement of HK$50.7 million over the previous financial year.
As reported previously, a one-time gain of HK$40.7 million arose from the completion of the disposal of two floors in Kodak House II to an independent third party in 
Following the Group s normal practice, the investment properties were independently revalued as of 30 June 2010 on an open market basis, resulting in a revaluation surplus of HK$68.0 million. This is substantially higher than the HK$4.1 million revaluation surplus for the previous financial year and is in line with prevailing market 
The Group reviewed its equity technology investments during the year and no impairments were made, as compared to impairment losses of HK$12.98 million recorded in the previous financial year. Consistent with the Group s practices, the value of listed equity technology investments was marked to market. As of 30 June 2010, the carrying value of the Group s equity technology investments stood at HK$24.0 million.
After these adjustments, and allowing for taxation and minority interests, profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was HK$360.1 million; compared to HK$182.9 million for the previous financial year. The effects of the disposal of two floors in Kodak House II in the current financial year should be noted, as should the fact that there were no impairment losses on equity technology investments in contrast to the previous 
Shareholders funds as of 30 June 2010 stood at HK$2,611.7 million, or HK$1.29 per share. The Group s financial position remained strong with approximately HK$1,111.1 million of cash and interest bearing securities 
The directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.08 per share for the year ended 30 June 2010.

iAdvantage continued to be fully committed to each of its existing projects, worked diligently to bring in new business, and enhanced its relationships with both multinational and local customers. It further invested in quality infrastructure and strengthened its market position in carrier-neutral data centre facilities and services. Its world-class facilities and outstanding service levels ensure that its business is well prepared for the increasingly stringent requirements of customers from the global financial services, telecommunications, information technology, multinational corporate, and public services sectors. Overall data centre occupancy was approximately 
The Group s last mile connectivity business again provided quality services to its corporate and residential customers.

SUNeVision s portfolio of data infrastructure and service businesses positions it well for sustained profitability and growth. iAdvantage will continue to actively explore new prospects to further increase the occupancy of its data centres, and will also evaluate options for fulfilling its customers new requirements. The Group s last-mile connectivity and property related technology businesses will carry on leveraging its parent company s many 
SUNeVision continues to maintain high standards of corporate governance. A full array of board committees chaired by independent directors has effectively supported the board in carrying out its responsibilities.
It is the Group s belief that by conducting its business in a well governed and socially responsible manner its own long term interests and those of its shareholders will be 
I would like to close by thanking the board, management, and our dedicated staff for their support and hard work, and our shareholders for their continued confidence.
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond 
Hong Kong, 9 September 2010 