Chairman s Statement 
Mr Kwok Ping Luen, Raymond Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 
SUNeVision was listed on the GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong on 17 March 2000 with an overwhelming response to the international placing and 
I am pleased to present SUNeVision s first annual report to shareholders, covering a year of strong business momentum and top-line growth for the Group.
SUNeVision aspires to be the partner of choice in Asia for technology infrastructure and for enabling solutions.
It has already demonstrated an ability to create a well-integrated business that spans the full range of existing and evolving Internet opportunities reaching out into the region.
Listing on the Growth Enterprise Market SUNeVision s initial public offering on the Growth Enterprise Market (GEM) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in March 2000 was extremely successful with 55 and 217 times oversubscribed for its international placing and public offer respectively. Over 420,000 applications were received in the public offer, a return ratio of approximately 35%, and a total of HK$70 billion was locked up in applications. Total net proceeds of approximately HK$3.38 billion were raised.

Turnover for the year grew by over 40% to approximately HK$67.1 million, and revenue from new businesses accounted for most of that growth. Net losses for the year ended 30 June 2000 were approximately HK$46.5 million, largely due to initial costs incurred in setting up new businesses and rolling out new services. As of 30 June 2000, the Company had cash reserves of about HK$3.08 billion.
The Directors do not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2000.

Chairman s Statement (cont d) 
iAdvantage is dedicated to becoming a leading Internet services provider in Asia.

SUNeVision swiftly achieved its primary objective of harnessing the existing core technology strengths of its parent, Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited (SHKP). These capabilities are now being purposefully integrated into a powerful single enterprise driven by a synergistic strategy.
During the year under review, SUNeVision Internet services centre consistently achieved its original targets for business expansion, demonstrating its management capability and an ability to move quickly in an environment of fast moving technology while executing solutions with excellence. It assembled core teams of top talent that combine business acumen and experience with a flair for technology and innovation.
Each of our business divisions are already generating revenue and are aiming at profitability.

Our Internet infrastructure business, centred on iAdvantage, is set to become a world-class, full-service provider of Internet services and network connectivity in Asia. It moved early to gain immediate revenues from its new Internet services centres in Hong Kong, Beijing, and Shanghai, as well as gaining a strong foothold in Singapore by partnering with Wing Tai Holdings Limited in yet another new centre. iAdvantage has achieved encouraging results with its first Internet services centre in Hong Kong at ONE-iAdvantage, Millennium City which was fully leased within five months of its rollout. iAdvantage opened its first multi-storey Internet services centre, JUMBO-iAdvantage, Tsuen Wan in May 2000 and has leased out more than 40% of its space. It is now well prepared to extend its cross-boundary market reach to Guangzhou and Shenzhen and to create key points of presence in Asia, North America and Europe. To facilitate high-bandwidth connectivity at these locations, SUNeVision has secured strategic alliances such as the partnership with international broadband network provider, 360networks of North America and investment in cable builder, C2C Pte Ltd.

SUNeVision s growing Internet presence includes the application service provider Super-office, which offers a full range of front- and back-end application services to business customers. Super-office s pilot programme was satisfactorily completed in a number of SHKP s commercial developments. A professional team was built up, and revenue was generated before the full-scale launch of the service in August 2000.
The scope and content of Super-office is steadily growing, and it currently has more than 300 business users.
An example of its e-market solution initiatives is a partnership with the Hong Kong Plastics Technology Centre to develop a plastics industry e-marketplace with the backing of 24 plastics industry leaders.

SuperHome provides an extensive service platform that delivers estate and neighbourhood specific information as well as general content with a persuasive appeal for an even broader audience. Part of SuperHome s competitive edge is derived from its excellent relationships with residents and management offices in SHKP estates. The services were initially designed for delivery to the 150,000 families living in developments managed by SHKP. Future plans call for extending its reach to non-SHKP managed households.
SuperHome has enjoyed considerable success, attracting 40,000 registered users by the end of August 2000, and it is expanding aggressively in its coverage of homes. SuperHome has recently signed an agreement with the Mass Transit Railway Corporation to service up to 57,000 homes. It is vigorously recruiting new partners to provide more useful products and services. In line with SUNeVision s mission to move into Asia, the platform that SuperHome has developed is also well suited to promote SUNeVision s regional growth.

SuperHome signed an agreement with the Mass Transit Railway Corporation to provide online regional information for up to 57,000 
SuperStreets specialises in vertical portals offering one- stop services including property, insurance and 
Within the linked portfolio that makes up SuperStreets, PropertyStreet has built a strong brand presence based on valuable content and relevant information about the property market in general and individual property offerings in particular. This has effectively translated SHKP s command of the high ground in the property arena into Internet terms, and 30 other property agents have joined the five leading property agents that were original members of the site. PropertyStreet shows SUNeVision s ability to benefit from synergistic relationships by quickly generating additional revenue streams from mortgage and other referrals to its partners in SuperStreets. BankingStreet and InsuranceStreet have created similar strong partnerships with key players in their respective business areas, building on SHKP s evident reputation and long-term relationships.

SUNeVision s online auction site, Red-Dots, has rapidly emerged as the market leader in Hong Kong in terms of items traded. It already has more than 75,000 registered users. Red-Dots has also attracted international brands such as Coca-Cola to co-develop special online auction programmes to generate additional revenue streams from enabler services and to further expand Red-Dots market reach. Leveraging a large and loyal user base and high levels of service, it is well poised to benefit from the market consolidation widely expected throughout the e-auction and e-tailing sectors. Red-Dots is now well prepared to expand geographically into China and to develop international trading activities.

One of Hong Kong s most popular online auction sites, Red-Dots facilitates B2C 
Super e-Technology seeks to become Hong Kong s leading last mile owner, installing the cabling needed for fast and robust interconnections between fibre optic telecommunications networks and homes as well as small business users. More than 53,000 users were connected by the end of the period under review. Super e- Technology is pushing forward to bring broadband access and Satellite Master Antennae Television (SMATV) to yet more developments, and it has cemented relationships with local multi-point system distribution operators in order to offer new applications to its customers.

On the partnership level, SUNeVision is involved in full-service Internet exchanges. It has invested in innovative e-trading solutions through Asia2B.com, the Hong Kong and Mainland China hub of the Global Trading Web of leading US-based global e-commerce player Commerce One. The Company has also invested in an exchange for the thriving electronics industry, AsianE2E.com.

SUNeVision established a joint venture with leading companies in the electronics industry to set up AsianE2E.com, the first Internet exchange of its kind in Asia for B2B e-commerce.

SUNeVision continues to pursue high-quality technology investments with interested partners across Asia and in North America. To drive forward its tactical equity investments in Mainland China, it has co-invested with SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (SmarTone) in the China C-Tech Fund. This will enable it to access a host of partnership and development opportunities in Mainland China. SUNeVision will also fully explore the customer base and the wireless network synergies with SmarTone.

While new technology is indeed set to revolutionise our lives and to present limitless business possibilities, the new economy must still learn from the old. In particular it must energetically seek to adopt elements of successful traditional business strategies.
SUNeVision is well positioned to thrive in the emerging global business environment. With its capable and experienced management, proven track record, powerful financial backing, commitment to quality services, and a rigorous approach to investment, SUNeVision will emerge even stronger after the period of overall industry adjustment and volatility that is anticipated. The Company is poised to become one of the benchmark companies for the new economy sector. It continues to build out its Internet infrastructure and provide high value Internet enabling services, reinforcing and adding to existing synergies. SUNeVision will execute its tasks with excellence in accordance with a solid growth plan and a well defined strategy. There will be a consistent focus on profitability.
We have set about creating the exact infrastructure elements, services and products most in demand by today s Internet-oriented customers, ranging from residents to commercial tenants. SUNeVision is delivering these Internet related benefits rapidly. At the same time, the utmost attention is being paid to quality, since it is fully recognised that assured products and reliable services hold the key to a high brand reputation.
An essential feature of SUNeVision s integrated business is the leveraging of an extensive customer base to generate successful referrals and the utilisation of cross-selling opportunities from one business unit to another.
SUNeVision s strategy is to seek selective partnerships with high-calibre business entities throughout Hong Kong and the region. Such partnerships enrich core capabilities and create a solid Internet value chain which contributes to business growth. The Group is actively exploring such strategic partnerships and investment opportunities in Asia, working towards securing a number of such relationships in the near future.
The Company s continuing faith in Hong Kong is matched by a determination to carry the SUNeVision brand aggressively into Mainland China, Singapore and the rest of Asia, creating communities of valued clients as well as building the networks and the connectivity that will power the region s trade and economy.
To further strengthen its leading position in the race to the future, overheads will be kept under control while leaving room for promising new investment opportunities in technology and related businesses, and for the recruitment of the quality personnel essential to success.

As well as initially leveraging SHKP s customer base and relationships, SUNeVision has also demonstrated its own ability to win new customers and achieve market leadership in Hong Kong. The Company has demonstrated an ability in establishing strong relationships with technology partners in the region and globally.
These alliances will be expanded into other markets ahead of the competition. The reach of the Company s network of global partnerships will be expanded to provide the products and services that are truly needed by 
The Company is committed to implementing plans for Internet infrastructure expansion in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Asia, keeping pace with the growth of e-commerce in the region and building on the momentum that has so far been established.
When SUNeVision was created, a name was chosen to convey three clear messages: " SUNeVision has strong parentage; " The new e-conomy forms the heart of the Group s business; " SUNeVision is inspired by a clear and credible vision.
In light of this competitive, ever-changing technology industry, the Company has not forgotten the human element that is the key to our future. SUNeVision has recruited some of the best talent in the industry, both in Hong Kong and from abroad. The Company aims to provide a working environment for a strong, talented team of professionals, allowing each individual to reach their full potential.
I am delighted that the results of our first year so fully vindicate these messages. I am confident that the momentum, advantage and brand recognition that SUNeVision has gained in this first year will carry us forward to outstanding achievements, to many years of growth, and to real value for our shareholders, partners and 
My thanks go to all who have supported us so ably during the year, in particular to my fellow directors, the management and the staff. All have worked tirelessly to prove that SUNeVision delivers on its promises.
Kwok Ping Luen, Raymond Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hong Kong, 22 September 2000 
