Chairman s Statement 
SUNeVision continued to grow profitably during the financial year 2004-2005 and achieved its second year of profit, generating a net profit of HK$154 million compared with HK$108 million in the previous financial year.

Turnover was HK$248 million, a nine percent increase over that in the previous financial year.
Factors behind the growth included higher revenues, driven by increased demand, from the Group s Internet data centre and last-mile connectivity businesses. The year s gross profit of HK$94 million was also higher than the previous financial year s, reflecting price improvements across the Group s businesses. Gross margin for the year was 38 percent, an eight percent improvement over that in the previous financial year.
Other revenue, being revenue in addition to turnover from operations, was HK$49 million. This amount was significantly lower than that in the previous financial year, which had benefited from one-time early termination penalties received from a few customers of the Group s data centre business and from a one-time gain from the redemptions of several bond investments.
Operating expenditures were HK$48 million, a 15 percent decline from that in the previous financial year. The Group s expenditures continued to fall due to continuous improvements in operations. In addition, following normal practice, the Group s investment properties were independently revalued as of 30 June 2005 on an open market value basis, resulting in a valuation surplus of HK$59 million which reflected prevailing property market conditions. As a result, net profit for the financial year was HK$154 million.
During the financial year, the Group reviewed its equity technology investments. No impairments were made, given prevailing technology market conditions and a prudent and conservative outlook for the investments. Further, following normal practice, the value of several listed investments were revalued as of 30 June 2005 on an open market value basis. As a result, as of 30 June 2005 the value of the Group s equity technology investments stood at HK$112 million.
After these adjustments, shareholders funds as of 30 June 2005 stood at HK$3,133 million, or HK$1.55 per share. The Group s financial position continues strong, with approximately HK$1.5 billion in cash and interest-bearing securities.
As a result of the Group s achieving full-year profitability, and in line with the Group s normal dividend payout practice, the directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.045 per share for the year ended 30 June 2005, a moderate increase over that in the previous 
iAdvantage continued to strengthen its leadership position in carrier-neutral data centres during the year. The business unit continued to anticipate and meet the needs of global financial services, telecommunications carriers, IT service providers, multinational corporations, and government authorities with its carrier-neutral, world-class Internet data centres in Hong Kong and Mainland China. Overall data centre occupancy during the year was approximately 65 percent, a significant improvement over that in the previous financial year. Demand for iAdvantage s services is anticipated to grow.
During the year, the Group s consumer enabling and property-related technology businesses continued to deliver value-added services to their customers. Productivity improved and the parent company s strong property heritage continued to provide valuable leverage.

SUNeVision s portfolio of data infrastructure and service provision businesses positions it well for sustained profitability and continued growth. iAdvantage will strive to raise the occupancy of its data centres, while the Group s consumer enabling and property-related technology businesses will continue to leverage the parent company s valuable relationships.
SUNeVision has always continued and will continue to maintain high standards of corporate governance and business ethics. The Group believes that by conducting its business in a corporate and socially responsible manner, its long-term interests and those of its shareholders will be maximised. Following corporate governance best practice, the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the company had been separated beginning in the financial year 2005-2006.
I shall continue to serve as Chairman while Mr. Andrew So will become the Chief Executive 
I would like to close by thanking the board, management, and every member of staff for their ongoing dedication and hard work, and our shareholders for their continued confidence and 
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond 
Hong Kong, 9 September 2005 
