Chairman s Statement 
SUNeVision continued profitable during the financial year 2007-2008, recording a profit attributable to equity holders of the Company of 
Revenue was HK$406.4 million, a twenty-five percent increase over that in the previous financial year. Higher revenues from the Group s data centre and last mile connectivity businesses have contributed to the increase. The year s gross profit of HK$188.7 million was also higher than for the financial year 2006-2007, reflecting increase in revenue and improvements in cost of sales.
Gross margin for the year was 46 percent, two percentage points higher than that in the last 
Other income, being income in addition to revenue from operations, was HK$19.4 million. This was substantially lower than that for the last financial year, due largely to the lower level of interest income after the payment of the one-off special dividend in November 2006 and lower interest 
Continued cost control measures brought operating expenditures down to HK$41.2 million, moderately below those of the last financial year.
Profit from operations was HK$166.9 million.
Following normal practice, the Group s investment properties were independently revalued as of 30 June 2008 on an open market value basis, leading to a one time valuation surplus of HK$119.0 million, which reflected prevailing market 
During the financial year, the Group reviewed its equity technology investments and no impairments were made. Distributions of HK$14.1 million were received from certain of these investments during the year, and this compares to HK$7.2 million for last financial year. Consistent with previous year s practice, the value of listed equity technology investments was marked to market. As of 30 June 2008, the carrying value of the Group s equity technology investments stood at HK$47.2 million.
After these adjustments, and allowing for taxation and minority interests, profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was HK$261.6 million.
Shareholders funds as of 30 June 2008 stood at HK$2,256.4 million, or HK$1.11 per share. The Group s financial position remained strong with approximately HK$426 million of cash and interest bearing securities on hand.

As a result of the Group s profitability, the directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.05 per share for the year ended 30 June 2008.

iAdvantage continued to invest in its infrastructure and strengthen its market position in carrier neutral data centre facilities and services in Hong Kong and the Mainland. Its world class facilities and services have kept the business very well aligned with the increasingly stringent requirements and needs of global financial services firms, telecommunications providers, IT service providers, multinational corporations, and government authorities. Overall data centre occupancy was approximately 85 percent.
During the year, the Group s consumer enabling and property related technology businesses continued to deliver value added services to their 
SUNeVision s portfolio of data infrastructure and service provision businesses positions it well for sustained profitability and continued growth. iAdvantage will seek to fill vacancies remaining in its current data centres as well as explore new opportunities for growth, while the Group s consumer enabling and property related technology businesses will continue to leverage the parent company s significant relationships.
SUNeVision continues to maintain high standards of corporate governance. The full array of Audit, Remuneration, and Nomination Committees, chaired by independent directors, has effectively supported the board in carrying out its responsibilities. The Group believes that by conducting its business in a well-governed and socially responsible manner its own long term interests and those of its shareholders will be 
I would like to close by thanking the board, management, and every member of staff for their ongoing dedication and hard work, and our shareholders for their continued confidence and 
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond 
Hong Kong, 4 September 2008 