Chairman s Statement 
I report the activities of the Honbridge Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (together the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2013.

Sales of the Group s highly purified silicon decreased more than 70% year on year in 2013. Due to the low market price of the highly purified silicon products, this segment continue to incur loss and the Company has disposed the business in 
The mineral resources and steel metal trading arm contributed HK$8.2 million revenue to the Group. Compared to 2012, segment revenue decreased from HK$406.7 million to HK$8.2 million which is mainly due to the change of the Group s trading pattern and revenue from the sales transactions in 2013 was recognised in net basis in accordance with the accounting standards. Segment results improved from loss of HK$180 million in 2012 to a profit of HK$9,306 million in 2013, that was mainly due to the bargain purchase gain from acquisition of Sul Americana de Metais S.A. ( SAM ), gain on disposals of Hill Talent Group and decrease in impairment loss of exploration and evaluation assets.
In financing aspect, the Company issued convertible bonds with principal amount of HK$740 million to Geely International in June 2013.

Since the acquisition from Votorantim Novos Negcios Ltda. ( VNN ), the wholly owned subsidiary of an independent third party Grupo Votorantim s for 99.99% interest of SAM was completed on 28 March 2013, the Group continued to achieve substantial progress on the SAM iron ore project.
The directors believe that the acquisitions of SAM, disposal of Hill Talent Group (manganese exploration business) and disposal of Divine Mission Group (highly purified silicon business) will make the business strategy and scope of the Company more focused. The SAM iron ore project will become the Group s principal business in the near future.
The Company will also continue to look for investment and cooperation opportunities in the new energy and resources 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, customers and cooperative partners for their continued support during 2013 and all staff for their hard work.

26 March 2014 
