Chairman’s Statement
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the 2016 annual report of Honbridge Holdings Limited to all
shareholders.
BUSINESS REVIEW
For the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group recorded a HK$34.0 million turnover which decreased by
approximately 70.5% when compared to HK$115.4 million revenue recognised in the last year. Group results
changed from a loss of HK$1,995.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2015 to a profit of HK$633.2 million in
current year.
Other than the decrease in trading income of HK$1.4 million due to the disposal of trading business in December
2015, the decrease in turnover is mainly due to the investigation carried out by the PRC Government on the
misappropriation of the government subsidies by the automobile enterprises for new energy vehicle. Since the
investigation began in late 2015, the PRC Government has not distributed the subsidies to the automobile
enterprises in a timely manner. Under these uncertainties, the production volume of the automobile enterprises
decreased substantially. 康迪電動車 and 新大洋電動車, the major customers of Shandong Forever New Energy
have taken a conservative approach to control their production plan, hence reducing their demand for lithium-ion
batteries. The decrease in purchase order severely affected the performance of the lithium-battery business.
Despite the unsatisfactory performance, new shareholders of Shandong Forever New Energy have committed to
invest a total of USD44.77 million into Shandong Forever New Energy in July 2016 and Shandong Forever New Energy
Limited was successfully listed in the Catalog according to the“Vehicle Power Battery Industry Standard Conditions
(汽車動力蓄電池行業規範條件)” on 13 July 2016. Using lithium batteries produced by the company in the Catalog is
considered one of the pre-requisites for automobile enterprises to obtain government subsidies.
For the resource sector, in May 2016 a settlement agreement was entered into with VNN, the vendor of the SAM
iron ore project. After the execution of the settlement agreement, SAM become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Group. The Group may at its discretion decide the pace of the SAM iron ore project’s development according to the
circumstances and may dispose of the relevant assets when opportunities arise. Although the Group has been
working diligently aiming to get the Preliminary License (“LP”) as early as possible, Brazilian Institute of Environment
and Renewable Natural Resources (“IBAMA”), the Brazilian Federal Environmental agency issued a technical opinion
to SAM in March 2016, declined SAM’s request on LP issuance based on the current engineering design. Since then,
the team in Brazil has been studying the opinion from IBAMA as well as reviewing the project design and eventually
submitted a new licensing process in January 2017.
In early 2016, the cash and cash equivalent balance of the Group was more than HK$1,200 million. To better utilise
its idle cash by making short-term investment to generate better returns to shareholders of the Company. On 11
April 2016, the Company entered into a loan agreement with the Cloudrider Limited (the “Borrower”), pursuant to
which the Company granted to the Borrower the loan with principal amount of HK$540 million with an interest rate
of 3% per annum. A loan interest income of approximately HK$10.9 million was recognised by the Company during
the year ended 31 December 2016.
PROSPECTS
It is expected that the business environment in the lithium-ion batteries industry will remain difficult for a few
months. First of all, the revised central government subsidies system for new energy vehicles was only released in
late December 2016 and generally each vehicle sold this year will receive 20% less funding than it would have in
2016. This affects the sales strategies and pricing policy of new energy vehicles manufacturing enterprises.
Moreover, the list of new energy vehicle models eligible for subsidies (新能源汽車推廣應用推薦車型目錄) (the “List”)
was re-examined in accordance with the new standards. Up to the date of this report, only two batches of List were 
released with fewer than 400 new energy vehicles models included in the revised List, which is only around 20% of
the number of models included in the the superseded List. Since models not on the List are not eligible for subsidies,
many new energy vehicles delayed their production plan and sales. Under this situation, along with the shortage of
fund in the new energy vehicles manufacturing enterprises, it is expected that the sales performance of the lithiumion
batteries sector of the Group will continue to face a different level of impact for a few months.
In 2017, the Group will focus on developing Zhejiang Forever New Energy into a modern lithium-ion battery
enterprise in Jinhua New Energy Automobile Industrial Park which includes functions such as research and
development, production, testing and inspection, demonstration and service, sales of lithium-ion, battery and
battery system. Zhejiang Forever New Energy will occupy an area of approximately 130,000 square meters,
Construction work has commenced in mid-2016 and the plant is designed to produce approximately 1,500,000 kWh
lithium-ion battery for new energy vehicles annually. The construction work and installation of production facilities
are scheduled to complete in the third quarter of 2017.
Shandong Forever New Energy and Zhejiang Forever New Energy will focus on the production and research and
development of ternary lithium battery as most of the sedan car manufacturing enterprises in China mostly prefer
ternary lithium battery so as to achieve a better travel range for their new energy vehicles. The Group will continue
to make huge effort to achieve diversification of customers and obtain purchase orders from customers other than
康迪電動車 and 新大洋電動車.
For the resource sector, after execution of the Settlement Agreement, SAM became a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Group. The Group may at its discretion decide the pace of the SAM iron ore project’s development according to
the circumstances and may dispose of the relevant assets when opportunities arise. On the other hand, the Brazilian
team has been working on the new licensing process communicate pro-actively with consultants and relevant
government authorities. If there is any breakthrough in the matter, announcement will be made in accordance with
the GEM Listing Rules.
The overall business strategy of the Group is the dual development of new energy and resources, creating value for
our shareholders. The Group will continue to look for potential new energy vehicles related projects for co-operation
and acquisition and other investment opportunities while at the same time ensure the idle cash is properly utilised
to provide return to the Company.
APPRECIATION
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, customers and business
partners for their continued support during 2016 and all staff for their hard work.He Xuechu
Chairman
Hong Kong
24 March 2017