Chairman s Statement 
I report the activities of the Honbridge Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (together the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2014.

Due to the relatively low market price of the highly purified silicon products in the past few years, the Group has disposed the highly purified silicon business in January 2014.
The total revenue recorded by the Group was HK$73.5 million in 2014 financial year. Though the Group only acquired Triumphant Glory Group in September, the lithium-ion battery business already contributed HK$70.0 million revenue to the Group. The remaining revenue came from the mineral resources and steel metal trading arm.
Compared to 2013, trading segment revenue decreased from HK$8.2 million to HK$3.5 million which is mainly due to the decrease in average margin of transactions.
Group results changed from profit of HK$9,180 million in 2013 to a loss of HK$3,242 million in 2014. It was mainly due to the recognition of HK$9,277 million bargain purchase gain from acquisition of Sul Americana de Metais S.A.
( SAM ) in 2013. While in current year, an impairment loss of HK$4,474 million on exploration and evaluation assets is recognised mainly due to the substantial decrease in iron ore concentrates price in current year. Excluding impairment of exploration and evaluation assets of HK$4,474 million and the related deferred tax adjustment of HK$1,521million, a loss of HK$288.9 million was recorded by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2014.

In January 2014, the Group disposed the loss-making photovoltaic business. It will be difficult for SAM Iron Mine Project, which is still under preliminary work, to contribute actual earning in the coming years. Limited by the scale of investment and complicated domestic and overseas trading environment, it will be hard for Shanghai Hongying Trading Limited to expand its business extensively. Therefore, the Group has to identify projects with promising prospects for acquisition.
Thanks to the global awareness of environmental protection and policies favouring new energy, there is an increasing number of automobile enterprises which start to expand the production scale of electric vehicles. The Group is determined to develop in new energy vehicles industry and is looking for acquisition and investment target which is engaged in battery, motor, vehicle management system as well as new energy vehicle manufacturing business. Our strategy is to conduct industry integration by mergers and acquisitions globally in order to obtain the world s cutting-edge techniques and to integrate creativity, and to industrialize the production of new energy vehicles and related core components in China. The Company entered the lithium-ion power batteries field after the acquisition of Shandong Forever New Energy Co., Ltd. in September 2014. In October 2014, the Company has also entered into a cooperation framework agreement with the New District Administrative Committee of Wuxi Municipal People s Government and Sunbase International (Holdings) Limited, so as to establish a new energy automobile production base with an annual production capacity of 200,000 new energy vehicles in the New District of Wuxi. The Company has signed a memorandum of understanding in January 2015 with Protean Holdings Corporation, an award-winning technology company that has developed an in-wheel electric drive system for vehicles, for a potential acquisition. Since August 2014, the Company has under negotiation with another target company which is principally engaged in the research and development, manufacture and sale of electric vehicle power system as well as provides electric vehicle integration solution for automobile manufacturers.

In early March 2015, the Company entered into a memorandum of understanding with New Hope Group Co., Ltd.
( New Hope Group ) for the proposed issue of convertible bonds and options. If New Hope Group fully exercises its right in respect of the convertible bonds and share option, approximately HK$1.379 1.595 billion will be injected into Honbridge, and New Hope Group will hold 15.8% of the enlarged issued share capital, becoming one of the most important strategic shareholders of Honbridge. The two parties have also entered into preliminary cooperation in relation to the cooperation on new energy vehicle related businesses.
For the resource sector, the iron ore market has experienced a difficult year with weaker demand and increasing supply. Nevertheless, the Group continued to achieve progress on the SAM iron ore project.
The overall business strategy of the Group is the dual development of new energy and resources, creating value for 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, customers and cooperative partners for their continued support during 2014 and all staff for their hard work.

26 March 2015 
