Chairman s Statement 
I report the activities of the Honbridge Holdings Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (together the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2015.

In June 2015, an aggregate of 754,000,000 Placing Shares have been successfully placed by ABCI Securities Company Limited, the Placing Agent, to not less than six placees at the placing price of HK$1.12 per placing shares. In the same month, an aggregate of 446,000,000 new Shares have been issued to Shagang International (Hong Kong) Co., Limited at a subscription price of HK1.12 per subscription shares. Net proceeds of HK$836.7 million and HK$499.3 million have been successfully raised through the placing and share subscription respectively. The HK$1,336.0 million fund raised improved the financial position of the Group and build a solid foundation for the Group to execute its 
On 16 December 2015, the Group, Shanghai Maple Automobile Company Limited, a subsidiary of Zhejiang Geely and Jiaxing Jiale established a joint investment named Zhejiang Forever New Energy Company Limited ( Zhejiang Forever New Energy ) in Jinhua City, Zhejiang Province, the People s Republic of China. With total investment of approximately RMB1,500 million, Zhejiang Forever New Energy will develop a modern lithium-ion battery enterprise with annual production capacity of 1,500,000 kWh lithium-ion battery in Jinhua New Energy Automobile Industrial Park. The Group is the single largest shareholders of Zhejiang Forever New Energy and holds 49% equity interest.
In order to streamline the structure and concentrate resources on other business, the Group has disposed the loss- making metal trading business in December 2015.
The total revenue recorded by the Group was HK$115.4 million in 2015 financial year. The lithium-ion battery business contributed HK$114.0 million revenue to the Group. The remaining revenue came from the mineral resources and steel metal trading arm. Compared to 2014, trading segment revenue decreased from HK$3.5 million to HK$1.4 million which is mainly due to the decrease in the number of transactions.
Group results changed from loss of HK$3,241.8 million in 2014 to a loss of HK$1,995.0 million in 2015. The loss was mainly due to the impairment loss of HK$3,305.8 million on exploration and evaluation asset recognised mainly due to the substantial decrease in iron ore concentrates price and delay of commencement date of operations in current 
Thanks to the global awareness of environmental protection and policies favouring new energy, there is an increasing number of automobile enterprises which start to expand the production scale of electric vehicles. The Group is determined to develop in new energy vehicles industry and is looking for acquisition and investment target which is engaged in battery, motor vehicle management system as well as new energy vehicle manufacturing business. Our strategy is to conduct industry integration by mergers and acquisitions globally in order to obtain the world s cutting- edge techniques and to integrate creativity, and to industrialize the production of new energy vehicles and related core components in China. The Company entered the lithium-ion power batteries field after the acquisition of Shandong Forever New Energy Co., Ltd. in September 2014. In 2016, the Group will focus on developing Zhejiang Forever New Energy into a modern lithium-ion battery enterprise in Jinhua New Energy Automobile Industrial Park which includes functions such as research and development, production, testing and inspection, demonstration and service, sales of lithium-ion, battery and battery system. Zhejiang Forever New Energy will occupy an area of approximately 200 Mu, and it can produce approximately 1,500,000 kWh lithium-ion battery for new energy vehicles annually after completion of the construction of the production facilities, which is scheduled in late-2017.

For the resource sector, the iron ore market has experienced a difficult year with weaker demand and increasing supply. Nevertheless, there were still no breakthrough in the progress of the Group s efforts in obtaining approvals for starting the construction in respect of the SAM iron ore project.
The overall business strategy of the Group is the dual development of new energy and resources, creating value for our shareholders. The Group will continue to look for potential new energy vehicles related projects for co-operation and acquisition while at the same time ensure the idle cash is properly utilised to provide return to the Company.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, customers and cooperative partners for their continued support during 2015 and all staff for their hard work.

29 March 2016 
