CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
I am pleased to report the activities of the Group for the year ended 31st December, 2001.
The Group recorded turnover of approximately HK$20.0 million, a 23.3% growth on the previous year, for the year ended 31st December, 2001. Loss from operations was approximately HK$5.7 million, as compared with approximately HK$4.1 million last year. The increase in operating loss incurred by the Group was mainly due to our extensive marketing campaigns, promotional price strategies and the investment stage of the flagship title Jessica that was in its first 18 months of publication during the year 2001, and a slowdown in revenues for Lisa magazine post September 11th. Profit attributable to shareholders was approximately HK$1.8 million as the Group recorded a waiver of amounts due to related companies for approximately HK$7.6 million.
BUSINESS REVIEW AND STRATEGY During the year, the Group made excellent progress in marketing its magazines. Jessica magazine recorded an average audited circulation of approximately 67,000 copies per issue for the three months ended 30th September, 2001 and approximately 56,000 copies per issue for the six months ended 31st December, 2001; as compared with the average of approximately 30,000 to 48,000 copies per issue circulated by other women s glossy magazine publishers individually for the six months ended 30th June, 2001 (the HKABC audited circulation figures for other women s glossy magazine publishers for the corresponding period are not yet available).
Therefore we are confident that Jessica will become the official No.1 women s glossy title when comparable audited figures for other women s glossy magazines are announced.
Through enriching the editorial contents, Lisa has consolidated its position as an indispensable and useful guide, which promotes a healthy and balanced lifestyle for modern female readers.
We have great confidence that the two core magazines of the Group will become the leaders in their individual market segments, and will continue to broaden our readership base, attract new readers and new advertisers in building our business.
POST YEAR-END EVENTS On 8th January, 2002, the Company was successfully listed on the Growth Enterprise Market of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Investors response to the placement of shares was enthusiastic and approximately HK$12.7 million (net proceeds: HK$9.2 million) was raised through the placement exercise.
On 27th February, 2002, the Company entered into a memorandum of understanding with Beijing Open Advertising Company Limited ( Open ) and Mr. Liu Bo, an independent third party, in relation to the proposed acquisition of 50% of the registered share capital of Open, an advertising company in the PRC which is in the process of getting all relevant consents and approvals to operate the business of nine magazines (namely 
0oW 0). The proposed acquisition, if materialized, will enhance the Group s business potential in the PRC.

CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (Cont d) 
We are confident that the Hong Kong economy will recover in the second half of 2002, following the footsteps of the rebound in the economy of the United States and it is expected that the business of the Group would benefit. We will continue to strengthen our core magazine business and build upon this platform to push our business to higher levels, and to expand into other market segments and the PRC. The Directors and management of the Company are highly positive about the future prospects of the Company. We will continue to seek opportunities to expand prudently and to tightly control our operating and capital spending to enhance 
On behalf of the Board, I wish to express my gratitude to our readers, advertisers and shareholders for their continued support and all our staff members for their creativity, hard work and dedicated service.
On behalf of the Board Ng Hung Sang, Robert 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China 25th March, 2002 
