Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to report the activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (together the Group ) for the year ended 31st December, 
BUSINESS REVIEW AND STRATEGY The Group recorded turnover of approximately HK$41.3 million, a 49.6% growth on the previous year, for the year ended 31st December, 2003. Loss from operations was approximately HK$1.5 million, as compared with approximately HK$1.9 million last year. The decrease in operating loss was due to the continual growth in advertising revenues and stronger operational results from e JESSICA magazine, which remains the most favoured women s glossy magazine in Hong Kong.
In April 2003, the Group launched its new title, e JESSICACODE magazine. The magazine has been well received by advertisers and readers, and the audited average monthly circulation for e JESSICACODE magazine published by the Hong Kong Audit Bureau of Circulations was approximately 55,000 copies for the 3 months from April to June 2003.
Losses of the Group for the year ended 31st December, 2003 mainly resulted from increased operational and selling and distribution expenses, resulting from the initial launch stage of e JESSICACODE magazine and the employment of resources into sTS LISA magazine, as sTSLISA magazine was adapted to a bi-weekly magazine starting from April 2003.
Despite the outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) in the second quarter of the year and increased market competition, the second half of 2003 saw a further expansion in our business, with turnover for the period of approximately HK$23.9 million, representing an increase of approximately 49.6% as compared with the same period of the previous year.
The Group has been actively exploring opportunities in magazine publications and distribution related business in the People s Republic of China (the PRC ). On 11th August, 2003, Grandpress Limited ( Grandpress ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a co-operative joint venture agreement (the Agreement ) with Shanghai Boyang Advertising Limited NwmZS mJT gPlQS ( Boyang ). Pursuant to the Agreement, Grandpress and Boyang will form a company named Shanghai South China & Boyang Media Consultant Co., Ltd.
NwmWSZS mPZTb gPlQS (the Joint Venture ) in the PRC, a Sino-foreign co-operative joint venture.
The name of the Joint Venture was subsequently changed to Shanghai South China & Boyang Business Consultation Co., Ltd.

WSR mFURb gPlQS . The Joint Venture will be principally engaged in advisory and consultancy for print media related businesses in the PRC.

The Group s results are expected to improve in terms of the turnover and the Group s overall profitability, as the three titles of the Group in Hong Kong continue to grow on their existing foundations and improve its operational efficiencies. We are dedicated to further strengthening our human resources base and shall continue to improve operational efficiencies and increase on brand values.
China will be a key market for our further development, and the operations in China are expected to have significant contributions to the Group s top and bottom line.
The Directors and management of the Company are optimistic about the future development of the Group and expect that the titles of the Company will grow further in terms of circulation and advertising revenue in the year of 2004.

Chairman s Statement (Cont d) 
On behalf of the Board, I wish to express my gratitude to our customers and shareholders for their continued support and all our staff members for their hard work and dedicated service.
Ng Hung Sang, Robert 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China 26th March, 2004 
