Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to report the activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (together the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2005.
Business Review and Strategy In 2005, the Group recorded turnover of HK$94.9 million, comprising HK$63.9 million from Hong Kong operations, an increase of 13.7% when compared to that of 2004, and HK$31 million from the People s Republic of China ( PRC ) subsidiary that was acquired in March 2004. Profit for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company was HK$3.4 million, as compared with loss of HK$0.5 million in 2004. The turn-around from loss to profit was due to the strong growth in advertising revenues in Hong Kong. The profit of the Hong Kong operation was HK$6.5 million (2004: HK$2.6 million) and the loss of the PRC operations was HK$2.9 million (2004: HK$2.1 million).
The Group enjoyed another year of growth in both advertising and circulation income due to the general improvement in Hong Kong s overall economic environment. As our portfolio of glossy women s magazine in Hong Kong, consisting of e JESSICA , e JESSICACODE and sTSLISA , continue to enjoy their overall dominant market position, our major focus this year was to streamline our PRC portfolio to pave the way for future growth.
In the first half, we put our new Carplus CN project on hold so as to focus on developing the localized brand power of [hQu;mKbQ Paralife in Shanghai as well as increasing the circulation of Lc1 R 8 Weekly to increase its recognition as a nationwide medium. In the second half, we launched the PRC version of e JESSICA magazine to the Mainland nationwide with a focus on the major cities.

The Group s operations in Hong Kong are expected to improve with the increase in advertising spending, resulting from continued economic growth in Hong Kong. As market leader in each of their respective sectors, every magazine in our Hong Kong portfolio is expected to enjoy an increase in revenue for 2006.
The Group s PRC portfolio enjoys a healthy growth and is enjoying the booming PRC advertising environment. As such, we will consider future expansion plans in the PRC once our existing magazines begin to mature or make contribution to the Group.
Overall, the Group is expected to see strong profit growth in 2006, and is expected to bring satisfactory returns to shareholders.

On behalf of the Board, I wish to express my gratitude to our readers, clients and shareholders for their continued support and all our staff members for their hard work and dedicated service.
Ng Hung Sang 
14 March 2006 
