Chairman s Statement 
I report the activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (together the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 
On 20 May 2008, the Group acquired a company situated at Jining, Shandong engaging in the production and sale of highly purified silicon and the research and development of solar graded silicon. The company contributed turnover of HK$29.6 million to the Group during the year.
The Group has transformed its major business from the publication of magazines to the production and sale of silicon products during the year.
For the year ended 31 December 2008, the Group s turnover decreased by 19% to HK$55.1 million. Compared to a profit of HK$1.5 million for the year 2007, the Group incurred a loss for the year. Loss for the year of the Group was HK$19.9 million, mainly due to the impairment of property, plant and equipment of HK$5.3 million, and impairment of inventories of HK$5.1 million. The causes of impairment are the recent financial turmoil that affected global metal material prices, leading to significant drop in price of our Group s current main products lower graded silicon, and the fact that our Group has not yet commenced 4-5N graded silicon production. Disregard the share-based payment of share options issued to employees amounting to HK$2.7 million, deemed convertible bonds interest expenses of HK$0.8 million and deemed interest on loans from ultimate holding company of HK$1.2 million recognised during the year, actual loss before share-based payment, convertible bonds interest and interest on loans from ultimately holding company for the year of the Group should be HK$15.2 million.

Since the Group has invested in Kailun PV (Jining) in June 2008, construction of our new factory as well as order, installation and testing of new production facilities and equipment were carried out immediately. As a result of the outbreak of the financial crisis, especially since the fourth quarter of 2008, the prices of the Company s existing products, lower graded silicon, dropped significantly. The fact that the Company has not yet commenced production of 4-5N silicon has a negative impact to our Group s business as a whole.
Despite the above, in the opinion of the Board, the fall in prices of solar graded silicon and its subsequent products in 2008 at the same time creates opportunities for the recovery of the solar energy market in 2009: government supports from different nations to the development of renewable energy will be on the rise, and that a brand new pattern of renewable energy industry led by solar energy will be formed particularly after the implementation of new energy policy by the new United States government. The Company believes that the global excessive demand over solar silicon supply will remain for a certain period of time, and a considerable force is thereby bound to be generated spurring the global solar energy market in which China-based enterprises are included. The Company will continue making every effort on different aspects such as technology breakthrough, product upgrade and cost control, striving for the production of highly value-added products and its commercialised sales as early as possible, straining for the best return to our shareholders.
The Company will also continue to look for investment and cooperation opportunities in the new energy and 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders for their continued support during 2008 and all staff for their hard work.

26 March 2009 
