CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
I am pleased to report the activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the year ended 31st December, 
The Group recorded turnover of approximately HK$27.6 million, a 37.8% growth on the previous year, for the year ended 31st December, 2002. Loss from operations was approximately HK$2.0 million, as compared with approximately HK$5.7 million last year. The decrease in operating loss was due to the turnaround and tremendous growth in advertising revenues from e JESSICA magazine, the previous year 2001, being a year of investment of the flagship title.
BUSINESS REVIEW AND STRATEGY During the year, the Group developed new strategies in both circulation and editorial direction of the magazines, further strengthening their positions in the market, as well as the value of the brands. e JESSICA magazine continues to be the most favoured women s magazine in Hong Kong, with no. 1 circulation in terms of women s glossy magazines. sTSLISA magazine is a unique title on its own in the market, serving the needs of women who enjoy family and home life. Circulation for sTSLISA magazine grew significantly, through opening new distribution channels.
We have great confidence that these titles will continue to grow in terms of circulation and advertising revenue, as the increasing quality of the magazine contributes to the brand value of each title.
The Group is currently preparing for the launch of JESSICACODE magazine, as the Group extends its flagship brand e JESSICA to further serve the needs of women readers in Hong Kong. JESSICACODE magazine is a mass circulation women s glossy magazine targeting readers between the ages of 18 to 35+, with a fun-loving and entertaining approach to fashion and beauty. The first issue will be launched in April 2003. The Directors and management of the Company have confidence that this will be a successful extension of the e JESSICA brand.

It is expected the Group s results will improve in the year 2003, as more advertisers begin to recognize the value of the brands of the Group s magazines, and more creative ideas are pitched to advertisers to further expand our business both in print, and all levels of communications, as well as to expanding into new market segments and the PRC. The Group will continue to strengthen its human resources in order to achieve this.
The Group shall continue to build its brand values, and expand the business into the Greater China region, by exploring different methods of entering these markets, in order to build strong regional brands.
The Directors and management of the Company are highly positive about the future prospects of the Company. We will continue to seek opportunities for brand extension and product extension to bring satisfactory returns to shareholders.

Chairman s Statement (Cont d) 4 JESSICA PUBLICATIONS LIMITED Annual Report 2002 
On behalf of the Board, I wish to express my gratitude to our customers and shareholders for their continued support and all our staff members for their hard work and dedicated service.
Ng Hung Sang, Robert 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China 21st March, 2003 
