Chairman s Statement 
I report the activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (together the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2010.

2010 is a remarkable year of major acquisitions for Honbridge. Apart from the acquisition of 66% interest in a resources risk exploration company in Brazil, Xianglan Do Brazil Mineracao Ltda. at the beginning of the year, the Company has also entered into a share purchase agreement on 5 March 2010 with an independent third party Grupo Votorantim s wholly owned subsidiary Votorantim Novos Negocios Ltda. ( VNN ) to acquire 100% interest of a company having rich iron mineral resources in Brazil Sul Americana de Metais S.A. ( SAM ), with an consideration of US$390,000,000 payable in cash. Based on an interim JORC compliant iron mineral resources report of SAM at the end of November 2010, the valuation of SAM estimated by a professional valuer was approximately US$1,659,000,000.
Sales of the Group s highly purified silicon has been substantially increased by 4.9 times in 2010. This is mainly attributable to the gradual recovery of the highly purified silicon market after the financial tsunami. The quality of our Group s highly purified silicon has also been upgraded steadily and recognised by the market. Despite the increase in year on year sales volume, prices are still subject to the risks of short term fluctuation that are affected by the market supply and demand.
The acquisitions of Xianglan Do Brazil and SAM will enlarge the business scope of the Company. Our resources and energy sector (including mining and silicon products) will become the Group s principal business in the near future.

The Company has disposed of the business associated with magazine publishing and advertising activities in the first quarter of 2011.
The disposal will enable the Group to focus on the resources and energy sector with better growth potential, and enables the Group to have a clearer business strategy.
Regarding to the minerals and iron & steel products trading business, the Group has appointed a non-exclusive distributor in China through its wholly owned subsidiary established in Shanghai, Hongying Trading, to develop the iron & steel trading business in China and other overseas markets. Xianglan Do Brazil has already set up subsidiaries in Mexico and in Uruguay and has already cooperated with Mexican enterprises to build an iron ore storage centre near Manzanillo port, in order to acquire high grade iron ores from surrounding mines, which will be further cracked and processed. After testing and grading, the products will be shipped to the iron & steel enterprises or iron ores trading companies. The first batch iron ores has been packed and loaded for shipment in Mexico on 7 March 2011 and the first batch manganese ores have been departed from Brazil to Tianjin, China on 19 February 2011.
Pushing forward the SAM Iron Ore Project is the core task of the Group in 2011. The Company hopes that the major tasks for the phase one development plan of the SAM Iron Ore can be completed during the year, which includes the completion of the acquisition, the progression in obtaining various approvals from the Brazil government, completion of the construction design and the completion of the construction bidding.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, customers and cooperative partners for their continued support during 2010 and all staff for their hard work.

28 March 2011 
