Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to report the activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (together the Group ) for the year ended 31st 
BUSINESS REVIEW AND STRATEGY In 2004, the Group recorded turnover of HK$81.4 million, comprising HK$56.2 million from Hong Kong operations, an increase of 36% when compared to that of 2003, and HK$25.2 million from the People s Republic of China ( PRC ) subsidiary that was acquired in March 2004. Profit for the year was HK$87,000, as compared with loss of HK$1.5 million in 2003. The turn-around from loss to profit was due to the strong growth in advertising revenues in Hong Kong. The net profit of the Hong Kong operation was HK$2.8 million (2003: net loss of HK$1.5 million) and the net loss of the PRC operations shared by the Group was HK$2.7 million.
With the growth of the economy of Hong Kong and the strong rebound in the advertising industry, the Group s advertising income had grown considerably. e JESSICA magazine remains by far the number one circulation women s glossy magazine in Hong Kong with an average monthly magazine sales as per the audit report of Hong Kong Audit Bureau of Circulations (ad hoc report August to October 2004) 85,000 copies during the period from 1st August to 31st October, 2004.
The magazine was also the most widely read monthly magazine in Hong Kong. The success of e JESSICA magazine helped to improve the financial result of the Group.
The operations of e JESSICACODE magazine was at near break even levels, only twenty months in its launch, and contributed to the brand building strategy of the Group, while continuing to expand client and readership base for the Group.
On 30th March, 2004, Grandpress Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, acquired 55% equity interests in Shanghai South China & Boyang Culture Media Co. Ltd. ( BCM ). Details of the acquisition were contained in the Company s circular to shareholders dated 13th May, 2004. BCM was principally engaged in the distribution and selling of all advertising space of 3 magazines, namely Paralife, 8 Weekly and Carplus CN. Losses in the subsidiary were mainly attributable to the one-off loss suffered in the Beijing operations of the subsidiary amounting to approximately HK$1 million.

The Group s operations in Hong Kong are expected to improve with the increase in advertising spending, resulting from strong economic growth in Hong Kong. Turnover is expected to see significant growth, riding on the circulation-led strategies implemented during 2004 and overall brand recognition of our titles.
The Group s China operations are expected to move into the next stages of the growth cycle, and contribute to the profits of the Group in 2005, after the initial investment stages of 2004. The Directors and management of the Company are optimistic on the future development of the Group s business in the China market, and shall be planning for further strategic presence and expansion in China.
Overall, the Group is expected to see strong profit growth in 2005, and is expected to bring satisfactory returns to shareholders.

Chairman s Statement (Cont d) 
On behalf of the Board, I wish to express my gratitude to our readers, clients and shareholders for their continued support and all our staff members for their hard work and dedicated service.
Ng Hung Sang, Robert 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China 23rd March, 2005 
