Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of Directors (the Board ) of Credit China Holdings Limited, I am pleased to present to you the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the year ended 31 
The tight monetary condition in 2011 was especially burdensome for small and medium sized enterprises ( SMEs ) in the PRC. Unlike large, state-owned enterprises, SMEs did not have easy access to credit from banks. As such, the Group experienced a stronger than ever demand for its financing services. The listing in November 2010 and various fund-raising activities such as placing, and issuance of RMB-denominated corporate bonds and exchangeable bond provided the Group additional capital to tap into the lucrative PRC market. The Group tried every endeavor to mobilize its resources to achieve business growth and diversification. As a result, the Group posted a satisfactory financial result in 2011.
However the year 2011 was not without challenges. The euro-zone debt crisis and first-ever downgrade of the US treasury securities caused turbulence and seriously affected confidence in the global financial market. China s economy was also experiencing a slowdown as a result of the combined impacts of monetary tightening, and external economic and financial stress. In this respect, the Group had to response promptly by adopting new policies and business strategies to maintain an optimum balance between business growth and risk management.
With the establishment of an indirect 85%-owned subsidiary in Chongqing in November 2011, the Group successfully diversifies its services geographically to further reach out the vast PRC market. In December 2011, the Group introduced strategic investors to supplement its finance lease operation with leverage the strength and resources of its alliances. In parallel, the Group put more emphasis on its credit risk management by refining and expansion its risk control department and improving its operational procedures.
It is widely expected that the China economic growth will slow down in 2012. However, China s GDP growth target rate of 7.5% for 2012 is still remarkable by global standard. On the other side, the banks required reserve ratio still remains relatively high, despite the fact that the People s Bank of China cut the reserve ratio twice in November 2011 and February 2012. This implies that the PRC government will adopt a rather prudent monetary policy in 2012, which would not do much help in boosting credit availability for SMEs. Therefore, the Directors believe that the financing needs in the PRC market will continue to be strong. In the coming year, the Group will continue to explore business diversification opportunities to maintain a reasonable growth rate and to strengthen its existing businesses in order to maximize shareholders value.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to all the shareholders and business partners for their invaluable continuous support. I would also like to express our sincere appreciation to all the employees of the Group for their commitment and contribution.
Shi Zhi Jun Chairman and Executive Director Hong Kong, 5 March 2012 