Chairman s Statement 
2014 was a crucial year for Credit China we started our journey of strategic transformation. The Group shifted from being primarily a provider of traditional financing services and loans to becoming a leading internet financing business in China and had obtained fruitful results.
With the emergence of internet technology, the financial industry is undergoing through an evolution with the global financial industry heading towards a new commercial model of internetization. Leveraging on the Group s positive outlook on the development of internet financing and its inherent knowledge in traditional financing business to develop an internet financing business, Credit China commenced its strategic transition in the 2 nd half of 2013 with a new business strategy. In the 4 th Quarter of 2013, the Group bought a 100% stake in a China online third-party payment business and subsequently in 2014, the Group actively expanded into the peer-to-peer ( P2P ) loan service platform business setting up multiple subsidiaries and joint ventures to capture the fast growing opportunities in peer-to-peer matching business. Building on the foundation of business activities in 2014, the Group further acquired a 100% interest of Financial Workshop P2P Website and a 10% stake in First P2P in January 2015. These acquisitions solidified the Group position to becoming one of the leading internet financing service institutions in China and marked another important milestone in the Group s 
The internet financing industry is undergoing a rapid growth, and the number of participants and size of internet financing have been increasing significantly. According to the data from the China Internet Network Information Center-N WNo}a} o-N_ , in the second half year of 2014, the number of subscribers for online wealth management products increased by 14.65 million again to nearly 78.50 million for the year; and according to the statistics from www.iResearch.cn, the transaction volume of online third-party payment had reached RMB8 trillion in 2014, representing a year-on-year increase of 50.3%, and it is expected that the transaction volume will reach RMB22 trillion by 2018, predicting the enormous potential that internet financing 
Although the Group only commenced its internet financing business in the 4 th quarter of 2013, these activities have achieved robust revenue momentum in 2014, and it is growing steadily quarter on quarter. For the full accounting year 2014, the internet financing business has accounted for 24.8% of total revenue, with a turnover of RMB66.3 million in online third-party payment business and RMB26.6 million in P2P loan business. The encouraging results recorded in the internet financing business had fully demonstrated that the Group was able to seize market opportunity in a timely manner and also indicated the effectiveness of our strategic transition.
Looking forward, the Group will continue to strengthen its internet financing services in terms of quality and quantity. While more resources will be devoted to improve service standards and product quality, the Group will also enlarge its market share through acquisitions and mergers as well as co-operation with other financial institutions, with an aim to maintain its leading position in the market.

In the past 12 months, the Group has been building up its core management team through recruiting senior management personnel with extensive industry experience to lead the Company through the current rapid growth phase. As the first Hong Kong listed company principally engaging in the internet financing business, Credit China will continue to maintain its pioneer position and dedicated to creating a strong, convenient and effective integrated internet financing ecosystem for all stake holders through innovative solutions, and bringing promising profits to the Group and its shareholders.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our shareholders and business partners for their support and our staff for their dedication and hard work in the past year.

Hong Kong, 24 March 2015 