Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of Directors (the Board ) of Credit China Holdings Limited, I am pleased to present to you the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the year ended 31 
Year 2013 was an eventful year for us. In November 2013, we took a strategic move to enter into internet payment business by acquiring 100% of the issued share capital of UCF Huisheng Investment (HK) Co., Limited, an investment holding company with its subsidiaries principally engaged in provision of online third-party payment services and prepaid card issuance business. We decided to enter into this new area of business because we saw the power of internet technology and how it has brought changes to the financing industry. Some internet giants in the PRC such as Tencent and Alibaba have recorded dramatic growth in their online payment businesses and internet financing is also accelerating its pace to affect the financing sector in the PRC. We are confident that stepping into this lucrative market of online payment business would help the Group to build a sustainable momentum in our business model.
Now let s take a brief look at our existing businesses: the Group s core business of entrusted loan service continued to record a double digit growth and our microfinance business also progressed well during the year under review. The Chongqing microfinance platform continued to deliver solid operating profit and our newly acquired microfinance company in He Fei also started to contribute to the Group s revenue in the fourth quarter.
However, as the Group has been restructuring the business model and some of our businesses such as pawn loan service and real estate-backed loan services have been scaling down, we suffered a short time impact on our overall revenue. But we believe that this short time effect will soon be offset by our new sources of growth.
We understand that our energy of growth also comes from the Group s important strategic partners. In September 2013, the Company announced an alliance with Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Limited and VMS Investment Group Limited in relation to a private and closed-ended fund. The Group is in the course of maturing the operating procedures and we believe that this strategic partnership will deliver to us positive results in upcoming years.
We will continue our effort on building long term and sustainable profitability. With this motivation behind, we will keep ourselves being responsive to the changing business environment while continuing to stabilizing the revenue and market share of our existing businesses. We strongly believe that the efforts we are making today will deliver long term increases in shareholders value.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our shareholders and business partners for their continuous support 
Ting Pang Wan, Raymond Chairman and Executive Director Hong Hong, 13 March 2014 