Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of Directors (the Board ) of Credit China Holdings Limited, I am pleased to present to you the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the year ended 31 
Year 2012 was a year full of opportunities and challenges. As the global growth faltered, expansion of the PRC economy was slowing. The PRC market saw a slower pace of expansion in production and fixed asset investments. However, being the world second largest economy, there was still room for further development as compared to advanced economies especially China was still in the process of industrialization and urbanization.
Despite more funds were injected in the market under a more relaxing monetary policy in the PRC, there were still credit gap and restrictions on bank lending to small-to-medium enterprises which provided the Group business opportunities. At the same time, potential risks in the real estate sector and in the financial system were not to be neglected as some enterprises faced declining profitability and the real estate market was adjusting.
Thus the Group, in the face of more complicated situation, had to strike a balance between growth and risk control. While efforts were being made to preserve stable growth, it was imperative to pay more attention to the quality of loans and the discipline in risk management.
From a competitive perspective, we continued to focus majority of our resources on what we are good at entrusted loan service and financial consultancy service and we reported double digit growth in the revenue of both businesses. And as part of our growth strategies, the Group took a major leap forward to expand to the small and micro loan service in late 2011. Although just operated for less than a year, we were encouraged by the progress in this newly developed business and we expect this area of service will be one of our forward revenue 
As we move into 2013, we will focus on opening up more small and micro loan platforms by expanding our geographic footprint to other major cities of the PRC, while maintaining stable growth in our existing businesses.
We will also explore and enhance our financial consultancy service with more comprehensive, tailor-made and sophisticated financial solutions to fit the requirements of customers. To achieve revenue growth, we will also explore acquisition and partnership opportunities. To improve the operating results, we will also continue to concentrate on streamlining the operational structure to reduce operating cost, besides broadening revenue streams. While we are pleased with the progress of our business development, we recognize that we have to do more to meet our on-going commitment of maximizing shareholder value, one of the most important measures of a successful business.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to all the shareholders and business partners for their invaluable continuous support. I would also like to express our sincere appreciation to all the employees of the Group for their commitment and contribution.
Ting Pang Wan, Raymond Chairman and Executive Director Hong Kong, 11 March 2013 