Chairman s Statement 
In 2015, the global economy experienced a sustained slowdown in the first half of the year before showing signs of slight improvement in the second half. Central banks in various countries have undertaken differing monetary policies, with the US raising interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade and ending the zero-interest rate era; while the Eurozone and Japan seek to reinvigorate economic growth through the expansion of quantitative easing programs. In China, the equity markets experienced significant turmoil, economic growth has slowed down and 2015 recorded GDP growth of 6.9%. In the overall context of China s desire to look for new economic growth drivers, the Internet economy is contributing an increasing proportion to China s GDP growth, and plays an important role of driving information consumption and facilitating consumption growth .
The Internet finance industry has gained increasing attention.
In November 2015, internet finance was included in the National Five-year Plan for the first time, which clearly stated the need for regulation of the development of internet finance. The 2015 China Internet Finance Investment and Financing Analysis Report ( 
NNt-N WNo}bRg1XJT 0) revealed that the internet finance sector is developing rapidly, and the number of participants in internet finance as well as its size in Mainland China also continued to increase significantly. The scale of internet investment and financing in 2015 increased over 600% as compared to the previous year, of which the online peer-to-peer loan transactions accounted for nearly 40% and was the most important segment in internet finance. According to the data published by iResearch (www.iresearch.com) and Wangdaizhijia (http:www.wdzj.com), online third-party payment transaction volume is expected to reach RMB11.9 trillion in 2015, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 47%. P2P loan transaction volume reached RMB982.3 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 289%.

In 2015, following the tide of reforms in the internet finance sector, Credit China as an industry frontrunner has successfully transformed its traditional finance business to internet finance business in just three years, adhering to the stated strategic transformation strategy along the way. Despite facing fluctuations and challenges of the internet finance industry, the Group has once again delivered solid results and performance, offering innovative and broadening products and services for our online third-party payment and P2P platforms, building a sustainable internet finance business ecosystem for our users, and achieving a revenue contribution ratio of approximately 60% from the internet finance business. Meanwhile, we accelerated the pace of strategic business development and seized the Internet+ market opportunities, enabling us to become one of the leading internet finance companies in China. In addition, the Group has successfully raised approximately HK$1.6 billion in capital, which further consolidated the Group s capital strength and laid a solid capital foundation for future strategic development. The above encouraging results had fully demonstrated that our business transformation strategy have made significant achievements. We believe that after the three years of innovation and growth since 2013, China s internet finance industry would enjoy a fruitful year in 
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all our clients, investors, business partners and social communities for their continuous support for Credit China, and to all of our colleagues for their hard work and dedication to achieve our strategic goals and mission! 
Hong Kong, 21 March 2016 