Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present our annual results for
the year ended 31 December 2016.
As China continues to reconfigure itself towards a services and
consumption-driven economy, the country is experiencing a ‘new
normal’ of slower GDP growth when compared with the past
decade. The year 2016 in particular was marked by turbulence in
the Chinese equity market, which has made Chinese investors more
rational about their expectations for yields and returns, and more
aware of the risks associated with investment products in general.
Against this macro backdrop, traditional financial institutions reliant
on conventional business models have struggled to sustain their
growth, while FinTech enterprises that have been able to combine
innovative business models with technology to enhance and disrupt
financial services have flourished.
Over the past three years, the Group has developed a FinTech
services ecosystem in China comprising multiple operating platforms
and over 32 million users. CCF’s platforms are widely recognized
by regulatory bodies, such as the People’s Bank of China (PBOC),
and industry associations, such as the National Internet Finance
Association (NIFA), for their high quality risk management systems
and consistent compliance with regulations. The Group’s online
investment platforms were also among the first batch of platforms
to appoint commercial banks as custodians for clients’ funds,
which puts CCF firmly in line with the latest regulatory requirements
and has laid a solid foundation for the expected restructuring and
consolidation of the industry, which is already underway.
With its internet and mobile solutions, the Group provides
24 x 7 online financial services to individuals, SMEs and merchants
in China and across Asia. In 2016, the Group focused on expanding
its ecosystem and strategically diversifying its product and service
offerings with the aim to deliver sustainable and stable returns for
CCF’s shareholders. For example, the Group successfully expanded
into the mobile point-of-sale solutions space through its new
platform, Shanghai Jifu, which provides accessible and affordable
tools for small merchants to grow and participate in the wider
economy. Through the Group’s Weshare Finance platform, which
provides online, big data-driven automated consumer loan services,
CCF has diversified from its traditionally SME-focused business to
cover the wider mass market and target the emerging middle class
in second-to fourth-tier cities in China, whose financial needs have
been underserved by traditional financial institutions.
The Group also witnessed remarkable organic business growth, with
its UCF Pay service recording transaction volumes of RMB193.9
billion, up 89% from 2015. First House Loan also had a successful
2016, with its annualized transaction volumes up 119% year-onyear
to RMB7.7 billion. As a result of the aforementioned organic
growth and strategic investments, the Group’s reported profit to
shareholders amounted to RMB301.1 million, 251.7% higher than
the year before. Furthermore, earnings per share amounted to
RMB1.48 cents, 190.2% higher compared with RMB0.51 cents in
2015.
In 2016, the Company took advantage of its status as a listed issuer
to raise funds through various channels, raising over HKD2 billion
through convertible bonds and loans, the proceeds of which have
provided strong support for the Group’s rapid business growth.
The Group has also taken a lead in FinTech development in the
region. This was recognized when the Group became a founding
member of the Global Blockchain Business Council in January 2017,
and is evident from CCF’s expansion into Southeast Asian markets.
The Group hopes to replicate its successful experience in China by
focusing on Southeast Asian countries with low banking penetration
rates but high mobile internet connectivity, which CCF believes are
key factors for assessing market potential for the development of
FinTech services.
Looking ahead to 2017, CCF will continue to leverage its strengths
and build on its core competencies, with the goal of becoming a
leading pan-Asian FinTech services group. It shall remain heavily
focused on retaining and attracting talented employees and valued
clients.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my gratitude to
all shareholders for their continuous support, and I would also like
to express my sincere thanks to all employees for their dedication
and contributions to the Group. As a team, the Group is committed
to achieving sustainable growth while creating more value for
shareholders and stakeholders in the long-run.
Li Mingshan
Chairman
Hong Kong, 21 March 2017