Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of Directors (the Board ) of Credit China Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to present to you the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2010.
The successfully listing of the Company on the Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( GEM ) on 19 November 2010 was a major landmark for the development of the Group. The encouraging results of the placing indicated the capital market s attention to the Company and the investors confidence in our business. The listing has strengthened the financial position of the Group which enables us to seize more business opportunities and to implement the business plans as stated in the Company s prospectus dated 15 November 2010 (the Prospectus ).
We are fully committed to our goal of becoming one of the leading short-term secured financing and related consultancy service providers in Shanghai, Zhejiang and Jiangsu Provinces as well as other regions of the People s Republic of China ( PRC ). With the rapid economic growth in the PRC, many SMEs in the PRC including Shanghai have expanded rapidly and the demand for financing is on the rise. On the other hand, China is shifting its monetary policy to more prudent and it is expected the Central Bank will closely monitor the bank lending in 2011. In January 2011, the Shanghai Bureau of the China Banking Regulatory Commission said that banks in Shanghai would strictly control new loans to the real estate industry to curb prices. We believe it would present more business opportunities to the Group as there will be growing demand for short-term funding that cannot be satisfied by traditional banking system.
In order to further enhance our business foundation, we are actively seeking for other financing service opportunities. In view of the increasing demand for finance leases in Shanghai and the adjacent regions, Rongtong Finance Lease (Shanghai) Company Limited, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company was incorporated on 17 January 2011 to tap into this blooming market. We are also exploring merger and acquisition opportunities within the industry for further expansion of our business and long-term development of the Group. We continue to seek targets that have the potential to complement our existing sales network or our business model to maximise return to the Company s shareholders.
Finally, I would like to express my greatest gratitude to the Board, management and staff for their strenuous contribution towards the Group. Furthermore, I would also like to take this opportunity to sincerely thank our business partners and shareholders for their continuous support and trust. I believe all members of the Group will dedicate their best effort to drive business growth and to deliver enhanced returns to shareholders.
Shi Zhi Jun Chairman and Executive Director Hong Kong, 1 March 2011 