Chairman s Statement 
AGTech successfully announced the acquisition of an indirect 35% equity interest in GOT in March 2010. The acquisition marks the furtherance of our business plans in strengthening our supply chain for the PRC sports lottery industry, as well as enhancing our core competitiveness. The synergy thus created will help further consolidate AGTech s leadership position in the PRC sports lottery market.
On 1 July 2009, the Regulations on Administration of Lotteries (hereinafter the Regulations ) approved and promulgated by the State Council was being introduced in the Chinese lottery market. The Regulations, being the first administrative regulations designed to supervise the lottery industry, represents a milestone in the development of the Chinese lottery industry and marks beginning of a new era. The Regulations, by clarifying lottery administrative system, lottery issuance and sales, drawing and prize collection, lottery fund management as well as the penalties with respect to breach of regulations, not only served to promote the regulated and healthy development of China s lottery market, but also laid a solid foundation for future innovation and breakthroughs in the industry.
With rapid economic development of China and continuous improvement in its people s disposable income, China s sports industry and thereby sports lottery market also showed a promising outlook. Sports flourish as nation thrives it is expected that the various major sport events to be held this year, to name a few, the South Africa 2010 World Cup in mid-year, Guangzhou 2010 Asian Games at year-end and the annual NBA games in the United States, will provide new impetus to the lottery market and accelerate the growth momentum of sports lottery sales in China. With the support of government policy and benefitted from favourable external environmental factors, AGTech, in addition to maintaining close ties with its domestic and overseas business partners and customers, has also made tremendous efforts in the research and development of new lottery games, systems, equipment, technology and sales channels, by utilizing its abundant resources made available for international cooperation, advanced R&D technology and comprehensive industry supply chain, aiming at capturing suitable business opportunities.
As a fully integrated sports lottery solutions provider in China, AGTech continued to consolidate its market leadership position and widen its market presence in the past year.
On the front of lottery consultancy and retail consultancy, in line with the rapid growth of China s lottery market, we have strived ceaselessly to achieve higher lottery sales for lottery operators. We are proud to have assisted our customers across different provinces 
to raise their sales to a level above national average, and gained their trust and praises.
Meanwhile, in management aspect, by adopting new systems for operation, finance, administration and management, we achieved cost savings effectively and improved overall work efficiency.
Another milestone for AGTech this year the Group has successfully announced the acquisition of an indirect 35% equity interest in GOT. As GOT is one of the largest terminal and system providers for sports lottery in the PRC, and with its client base covering over 20 provinces and cities in the PRC and strong support by its controlling shareholder, China Electronics Corporation (China s largest state-owned I.T. enterprise), we believe that the acquisition will facilitate the Group to rapidly establish a dynamic I.T.
platform to capture any future market opportunities in hardware and new media business of the PRC sports lottery industry, and that the acquisition would benefit all business segments of the Group by providing excellent opportunities to further extend its sales network coverage to more provinces and cities in the PRC.
On the front of lottery games and related systems, the Group s joint venture with Ladbroke Group (a subsidiary of a reputable United Kingdom gaming company, Ladbrokes PLC) has successfully developed the high frequency virtual car racing game, Lucky Racing (xK), and its related open sports betting platform, which are expected to launch in the market soon. The game is highly entertaining, which allows lottery players to place a bet by using their wits and information on hand. Also notable is its exciting features it is a monitor game runs every 12 minutes or so and is visually displayed upon in-store monitors in lottery shops and entertainment arenas, so that players can wager and watch the game and results there as a form of entertainment and pastime. In addition to meeting the demand of lottery players for entertainment and sports betting, such legal lottery entertainment would also help crack down on illegal gambling. It is expected that following the launch of the game, it would generate additional profit for the Group and bring in new market opportunities to the Group by facilitating the launch of other high frequency games on the platform.
As a lottery enterprise with strong sense of corporate social responsibility, AGTech will continue to live up to its core corporate value of enriching society through Fortune , Health , Happiness , Luck and Responsibility . In addition to developing games that provide responsible lottery entertainment to the public, we will respond proactively to the possible social problems arising from obsession with lottery. We have, since 2007, implemented a series of responsible lottery measures to provide lottery players with information and counseling on responsible lottery, with a view to ensure healthy and steady growth for China s lottery industry. Furthermore, we will continue to sponsor charity and sport events in China so as to fulfill our corporate social responsibility and contribute to the community.
I would like to close by thanking all staff for a magnificent performance in this demanding and challenging year, also I am immensely proud of their achievement in improving overall efficiency through hard work. I wish to thank our Board members, management team, shareholders, business partners and customers for their indispensable contribution and continuing support to AGTech. I believe that, with the continuing consolidation of AGTech s business foundation, breakthroughs will be achieved in its future development and we look forward to your continued trust and support in our 
Hong Kong, 23 March 2010 