Chairman s Statement 
The China lottery market recorded another record year in 2014 with sales of over RMB382 billion which facilitated a record contribution of more than RMB102 billion to good causes.
2014 was also a momentous year for our company: I firmly believe the achievements of 2014 will position us very strongly in 2015 and the years ahead.
We announced an important strategic acquisition during 2014. This acquisition strengthens our ambitions in the field of mobile smart phone system and content, and more importantly, it materially diversifies and expands our hardware business. 2014 saw both of our two virtual sports games, Lucky Racing Game and e-Ball Lottery, running successfully for a full year. Virtual sports lottery is by now a fully accepted, high growth, multi-product game in China. We expect that both Lucky Racing and e-Ball Lottery will roll-out to more province(s) in due course.
In our hardware business, GOT had a successful year being chosen as a supplier by most of the provinces which concluded tenders during the year.
During the financial year under review, Group revenue rose slightly to HK$211,051,211 (2013: HK$208,359,744) while gross profit declined to HK$69,582,144 (2013: HK$91,267,810). Whilst disappointing, these results do not capture the strategic progress made during the year and the impact of our acquisition which was completed outside of the period. Our balance sheet remains strong. At the end of 2014, we had no debts and had net bank balances and cash of HK$315,599,987.
The policy of China s lottery industry plays a crucial role in facilitating the stable development of the whole lottery industry. During 2015, we expect that China s lottery industry will see significant regulatory developments including the introduction of relevant laws and regulations (particularly related to internet and mobile distribution) which will further regulate and professionalise lottery supervision. Thanks to many years of accurately interpreting national regulations and policies, AGTech has successfully grasped industry trends and formulated its long-term and stable strategic positioning and business development strategies.
We believe that, following the regulatory evolution of the Chinese lottery industry and relying upon the Group s competitive advantages in areas such as game development and channel construction, the Group is now set to achieve a significant breakthrough in business 
Earlier this year, the National Football Reform Overall Plan was passed by China s Central Leading Group for Comprehensively Deepening Reforms. This development positions the sport of football in the overall social economy development plan of China and is expected to bring material benefits to football-related industries, including the sports lottery industry. In particular, it is proposed that the direction of the plan is the proactive research and development on the issuance of football lottery relating to betting on the China Football Super League . This will 
enhance the status of sports betting lottery in terms of policy. Thanks to the Group s strengths in advanced and creative lottery game system and content development, we expect to be able to grasp the opportunities brought about by the forthcoming evolution in the sports industry and actively promote various virtual sports lottery games including Lucky Racing and e-Ball Lottery .
In respect of the development of remote (i.e. online and mobile) lottery, in the fullness of time with regulatory approval, we will become a professional supplier of remote lottery distribution and management platforms in relation to multiple channels including online and mobile.
Based on this, our pre-approved lottery products such as Lucky Racing and e-Ball will be sold through multiple channels like internet and mobile.
With respect to the content in the retail lottery stores, with the 2014 FIFA World Cup now behind us, we anticipate an increased urgency within the Sports Lottery. Taken together with the completion of the Sports Lottery s national high frequency game platform, this bodes very well for the Group s approved proprietary games Lucky Racing and e-Ball as well as its pipeline of planned new products.
On the topic of hardware, with our leading positions in both point of sale and handheld terminals as well as our first class international partnerships and long track-record in the China lottery, we believe that AGTech is very well positioned to take advantage of new opportunities in hardware.
As a group with a strong sense of corporate and social responsibility, AGTech will continue to live by its core corporate values of enriching society through Fortune , Health , Happiness , Luck and Responsibility . In addition to developing games that provide responsible lottery entertainment to the public, we will respond proactively to the possible social problems arising from obsession with lottery. In this respect, I take the opportunity to remind our Shareholders that the Group has not conducted any online lottery sales or maintained any website to conduct such sales and, in line with the Group s past practice, all our lottery businesses in the PRC have been complying with all relevant lottery regulations in the PRC including obtaining approval from relevant government authorities in the PRC, where 
In conclusion, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all of my colleagues for their dedication and hard work. My warmest thanks also go to our board members, management team, Shareholders, business partners and customers for their indispensable contribution and continuing support of AGTech. I believe that AGTech has a very bright future and I look forward to your continued trust and support as we deliver this bright future, together.

Hong Kong, 23 March 2015 
Lottery wins are perceived as a token of luck , and it is one of our core corporate values to bring such luck to China s lottery players and society through our products.

