Chairman s Statement 
2012 has been another extremely important year for the Group and has been marked by some highly significant achievements.
In our Gaming Technologies division, 2012 saw China s first and only, nationally-approved rapid-draw virtual sports lottery system and game, Lucky Racing, operate successfully for an entire calendar year, in so doing it moved from its trial phase to being fully operational and accepted. Lucky Racing, operating out of just one province and on average from fewer than 1,500 locations, accounted for 1% of all sports lottery sales nationally. Sales of the game accounted for more than one third of the entire sports lottery market in Hunan, providing the catalyst for Hunan province s growth out-performance as well as confirming the unrivalled popularity of the game and its enormous national potential.
In the same division, domestically, GOT had a very solid year, whilst laying the ground-work to retain its status as an approved supplier in the latest multi-year China sports lottery supplier selection process with its trio of next generation machines, the M6 Smart Terminal, C8 Terminal and the A210 Portable Terminal. The recent conclusion of this selection process saw GOT named as an approved supplier and is expected to herald a fresh replacement cycle in China. Perhaps even more notably, GOT also inked its first ever international terminal sales agreement with a prominent South African wagering group. The announcement of GOT s inaugural overseas deal created history since it marked the first ever international lottery hardware sale by a Chinese company.
While sports lottery sales were robust in 2012, and certainly continued to out-strip gross domestic products (GDP) growth, the annual increase of 18% represents a slower pace of expansion than in recent years.
Although there are a number of market specific, reversible factors that contributed to this reduced pace of growth, notably the difficulties in the scratch card segment, we believe that this trend will lead to an increased pace of regulatory progress in the lottery market in terms of the approval and roll-out of new products as well as the development of new, remote distribution channels. An increased focus on such areas would be extremely positive for the Group, and we would expect our Virtual Sports, GOT as well as Online and Mobile Lottery businesses in particular to benefit significantly from such tail-winds .
During the financial year under review, there was further improvement in the Group s financial performance. Thanks to the contribution from GOT, the revenue and gross profit of the Group increased significantly to approximately HK$229,300,000 (2011: approximately HK$111,300,000) and approximately HK$101,600,000 (2011: approximately HK$73,500,000), 
The Board believes that 2013 will be a year of growth for the Group. Firstly, the Group expects to launch a new, virtual fixed odds sports betting game in one of China s leading provinces in the relatively near future, part of a planned pipeline of approved, exciting new games for the Chinese sports lottery market. Secondly, as part of its ongoing cooperation with the national sports lottery with respect to Lucky Racing , the Group expects the final technical hurdle to national rollout of this game to be removed during the course of this year. Thirdly, the Group continues to closely monitor the prospective online and mobile lottery distribution business and is well equipped to react quickly in response to any new development of government policies. Such developments will bring opportunities in terms of our approved content (games) as well as in systems and distribution. Finally, in the GOT division, the Group will capitalise on the anticipated terminal replacement cycle in sports lottery, continue its overseas expansion and look to broaden its product range to VLTs.
As a group with a strong sense of corporate and social responsibility, AGTech will continue to live by its core corporate values of enriching society through Fortune , Health , Happiness , Luck and Responsibility .
In addition to developing games that provide responsible lottery entertainment to the public, we will respond proactively to the possible social problems arising from obsession with lottery. Since 2007, we have implemented a series of responsible lottery measures to provide all lottery players with information and counseling on responsible lottery, with a view to ensuring healthy and steady growth for China s lottery industry. We will continue to sponsor charity and sports events in China so as to fulfill our corporate and social responsibility objectives and contribute to the community.
Last but not least, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all of our colleagues for their dedication and hard work. My warmest thanks also go to our board members, management team, Shareholders, business partners and customers for their indispensable contribution and continuing support to AGTech. I believe that AGTech has a very bright future and I look forward to your continued trust and support as we deliver this bright 
Hong Kong, 21 March 2013 
