CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
The PRC is one of the world’s largest lottery markets and recorded its highest ever sales
volume of approximately RMB395 billion in 2016. This led to good causes payments for the
year of approximately RMB104 billion. This record performance was achieved despite the
absence of remote (online & mobile) channels due to the continued enforcement of the
April 2015 announcement by the MOF and seven other ministries of the PRC government.
We continued to believe that a major reason for the announcement by the eight ministries
was to allow for regulation of sales and distribution of lottery games through online
channels in the PRC in the future and during the year we continued to position ourselves
for this potential opportunity.
Following completion of the Subscription with Alibaba Holding and Ant Financial on 10
August 2016, AGTech is the exclusive lottery business platform of Alibaba Group and Ant
Financial Group. We firmly believe that the transaction has enhanced our ability to develop
and expand our existing business in both the regulated lottery space and in the non-lottery
area. We expect to benefit from significant potential synergies from our cooperation with
Alibaba Group and Ant Financial Group in all areas of our business including in particular
our distribution business both in terms of physical and remote channels. A great deal of
detailed work has been taking and continues to take place to identify the short, medium
and long-term opportunities available to the parties in order to fully capture these potential
synergies as well as to agree and implement the detailed commercial arrangements to be
entered into among the parties.
During the financial year under review, Group revenue was decreased to HK$251.5 million
(2015: HK$301.6 million) while gross profit was HK$73.3 million (2015: HK$69.2 million).
Our balance sheet is extremely strong with net bank balances and cash of HK$2,336.5
million at the 2016 year end.
Our Games & Systems division continues to develop, build and deploy regulated lottery
content, such as our successful virtual sports system and its first two games Lucky Racing
and e-Ball as well as new lottery games and systems that are suitable for approval by the
lottery authorities in China. In addition, we are working hard to research, develop and
launch various types of creative, non-lottery social games that can cater for the evolving
tastes of China’s consumers. For both categories of products, regulated lottery and other,
non-lottery, we will use a variety of channels including but not limited to those of the
Alibaba Group and Ant Financial Group. The Group has been closely monitoring policy
developments with respect to the government approval of lottery sales via online and
mobile channels for many years. We believe that online and mobile channels for lottery
sales in the PRC are likely to be approved. We believe that any new games and systems that
will be approved for online and mobile sales will require robust and scalable technology in
order to deliver effective and efficient monitoring and control systems. We consider that
the Group is well positioned to participate in these areas, particularly now that the Group is
part of the Alibaba Group and Ant Financial Group family.
We believe that the PRC lottery market is likely to demand new and more sophisticated
hardware solutions over time and that those solutions will increasingly be deployed as
bundled products involving the supply of hardware that is integrated with lottery games
and underlying supporting systems and which would typically be provided on a revenue
sharing basis. Thanks to our leading positions in point of sale and handheld terminals as
well as our first class international partnerships and long track-record in the PRC lottery
market, we believe that AGTech is very well positioned to take advantage of such new
opportunities in hardware.
Since the end of the reporting period and as announced on 18 January 2017, the
Group has made a breakthrough in the area of competition poker when it was awarded
an exclusive 5-year priority operation right in China by the Chess and Poker Games
Administrative Centre under the General Administration of Sport of China (the “Chess and
Poker Centre”) for all competitive play of the Chinese card game Guan Dan through an
open tender. Furthermore, AGTech has recently become one of the strategic partners and
organisers of the China Competition Two-on-One Poker Championship. This development
marks a major milestone for the Group and we look forward to updating shareholders on
our competitive poker business in the coming months and years.
As a group with a strong sense of corporate and social responsibility, AGTech will continue
to live by its core corporate values of enriching society through “Fortune”, “Health”,
“Happiness”, “Luck” and “Responsibility”. In addition to developing games that provide
responsible lottery entertainment to the public, we will respond proactively to the possible
social problems arising from obsession with lottery. In this respect, I take the opportunity
to remind our Shareholders that in line with the Group’s past practice, all of our lottery
businesses in the PRC have been conducted in full compliance with all relevant lottery
regulations in the PRC including obtaining approval from relevant government authorities,
where applicable.
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all of my colleagues for their dedication
and hard work. My warmest thanks also go to our board members, management team,
Shareholders, business partners and customers for their indispensable contribution and
continuing support of AGTech. I look forward to your continued trust and support as we
help to deliver a very bright future for AGTech.
Yours faithfully,
Sun Ho
Chairman & CEO
Hong Kong, 24 March 2017