Chairman s Statement 
AGTech has been focusing on the development of the sports lottery business in China since early 2007. After years of efforts, we are pleased to announce a turnaround for the first time for this year with operating profit of approximately HK$700,000. In October last year, the Ministry of Finance of the PRC promulgated two provisional measures to approve lottery sales via internet and phone. Under such favorable environment, it is expected that China Sports Lottery will proactively develop various new games, new distribution channels and new technologies in 2011, thereby bringing a new landscape with robust growth to the PRC lottery market. AGTech will continue to utilise its solid operation management capability, advanced software and hardware development technologies, client network and leading market position so as to consolidate its existing core lottery management business and proactively seize cooperation opportunities in various areas and make every effort to extend the current profit momentum to new businesses such as virtual sports betting as well as online and phone lottery distribution. We believe that the business growth of the Group in the coming year will be booming through the current established comprehensive strengths and its business development capability.
For the year under review, AGTech made significant progress in business development, which helped it optimise its sports lottery business framework. In March 2010, we announced the acquisition of an indirect 35% equity interest in GOT. As GOT is one of the largest terminal and system providers for sports lottery in the PRC, the acquisition marks the furtherance of our business plans in strengthening our supply chain for the PRC sports lottery industry, expanding sales network, strengthening research and development capability, enhancing our core competitiveness as well as creating synergy. Looking ahead to 2011, as it is expected that there is strong demand for new lottery terminals and new technologies from the SLAC, the acquisition will help the Group capture the potential opportunities which emerge in the market in timely manner, thereby consolidating AGTech s leadership position in the PRC sports lottery market. In addition, the solid business operation of GOT will continue to bring about stable cash flow and profit contribution to the Group.
AGTech achieved another major breakthrough in its lottery business in China last year: after over three years efforts, its joint venture with Ladbroke Group (a world-leader in betting and gaming markets, based in the United Kingdom) successfully obtained approvals from the relevant Chinese government administration departments in September 2010 for the launch of a new rapid-draw fixed-odds sports lottery platform and its initial game, named Lucky Racing ( 0x K 0) as the first world-class rapid-draw fixed-odds sports lottery central betting system and games in the sports lottery industry in China. This achievement marks the first legitimate rapid-draw sports lottery platform and game approved by the lottery industry regulator (the Ministry of Finance) pursuant to the new lottery regulations and pioneered in the development of virtual sports betting in the sports lottery industry in China.

The Lucky Racing game is highly entertaining, which allows lottery players to place a bet by using their wits and information on hand. Also notable is its exciting features it is a monitor game runs every 12 minutes or so and is visually displayed upon in-store monitors in lottery shops and entertainment arenas, so that players can wager and watch the game and results there as a form of entertainment and pastime. In addition to meeting the demand of lottery players for entertainment and sports betting, such legal lottery entertainment would also help crack down on illegal gambling. It is expected that following the launch of the game, it would generate additional profit for the Group and bring in new market opportunities to the Group by facilitating the launch of other high frequency games on 
Looking ahead, we believe that year 2011 will be another exciting chapter for AGTech due to the business potentials brought about by commencing operation of the above new projects gradually in this year. Coupled with rapid economic development of China and continuous improvement in people s disposable income, China s sports and sports lottery market showed a promising outlook. In addition, following the promulgation of the Regulations on Administration of Lotteries , the Chinese government has implemented various new measures from time to time to facilitate the development of the industry.
For instance, the approval of lottery sales via internet and phone provides great room for benign development for the Chinese lottery industry players. AGTech will continuously take advantage of the favorable business environment and utilise its abundant resources made available for international cooperation, advanced research and development technology and comprehensive industry supply chain, aiming at capturing suitable business opportunities and seeking business expansion and future innovation and breakthroughs in the industry.
As a lottery enterprise with strong sense of corporate social responsibility, AGTech will continue to live up to its core corporate values of enriching society through Fortune , Health , Happiness , Luck and Responsibility . In addition to developing games that provide responsible lottery entertainment to the public, we will respond proactively to the possible social problems arising from obsession with lottery. We have, since 2007, implemented a series of responsible lottery measures to provide lottery players with information and counseling on responsible lottery, with a view to ensure healthy and steady growth for China s lottery industry. Furthermore, we will continue to sponsor charity and sport events in China so as to fulfill our corporate social responsibility and contribute to 
Last but not least, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all our colleagues for their dedication and hard work. My warmest thanks also go to our board members, management team, Shareholders, business partners and customers for their indispensable contribution and continuing support to AGTech. I believe that, with the continuing consolidation of AGTech s business foundation, breakthroughs will be achieved in its future development and we look forward to your continued trust and support in our future endeavors.

Hong Kong, 23 March 2011 