Chairman s Statement 
The financial year of 20082009 was a productive year for AGTech as we continued to consolidate our business foundation and widen our market presence through various means in the lottery market of China, which has been seeing rapid growth, thanks in part to the growing popularity of lottery across the country, as well as the Chinese government s initiatives to nurture a positive operation environment for the industry.
Over the past financial year, the Group continued its focus on its sports lottery business in mainland China and adopted different strategies to drive growth and strengthen its market share in various business segments. This was in line with its business objective of applying its expertise in lottery software and hardware, and the provision of sports lottery management and marketing consultancy services to the best effect.
As a fully integrated lottery solutions provider in China, AGTech s market position remained sound and solid during the financial year. In the fields of retail chain management and marketing consultancy, we have effectively strengthened AGTech s presence by supporting and maintaining close ties with our business partners, including China Coop, New Cooperation Joint-Stock Trade China Co., Ltd., which is a subordinate cooperative enterprise of China Coop and Suguo Supermarket Co., Ltd., the largest supermarket chain in Jiangsu Province.
Since its transformation into a fully integrated lottery company in China, AGTech has been supported by an experienced management team and devoted staff with full dedication for excellence and are never short of innovative ideas. Their creativity and commitment to the Group have recently found expression in a variety of groundbreaking marketing and promotion plans catering to assist AGTech s customers. As a fast-growing enterprise, AGTech also strives to capture every opportunity that can help enhance its brand equity and strengthen the Group s market presence. And that was exemplified by its recent participation in China Joy, China s biggest digital entertainment expo held in Shanghai in July 2009.

Looking ahead, we believe China s lottery industry will continue to experience robust growth. Following months of economic downturn, China s economy has passed its trough and is gradually recovering. With this year s sports lottery sales already reaching approximately RMB30 billion as of late July, we believe the growth momentum will continue in the second half of the year. Meanwhile, the Chinese government has been making well-meaning efforts to nurture an operation environment conducive to healthy growth of the industry. All these set the stage for AGTech to seek business expansion, stretch its tentacles and expand its earning base. With the support of our strong management team and talented staff, we are confident of our ability to take advantage of the positive business environment and bring into full play of our expertise.
In the latter half of 2009, we will spare no effort on all fronts to capitalise on the positive development of China s lottery industry. We will continue to serve as a reliable supplier of quality lottery products as well as a professional management and marketing consultant in the lottery market of China. We will liaise closely with the Chinese authorities so that we can keep ourselves abreast of industry development and implement effective strategies to achieve our business objectives. In addition, we will continue to draw up specific and innovative marketing and promotion strategies targeting different localities with a view to assist our customers in boosting lottery sales and broadening AGTech s market presence across China. Meanwhile, we are always vigilant for potential business partners and new market opportunities, with a view to seeking further expansion and, ultimately, generating higher returns for our Shareholders.
With a strong sense of corporate social responsibility, we abide by our core corporate principle of enriching society through Fortune , Health , Happiness , Luck and Responsibility . We will continue to develop games that provide responsible lottery entertainment to the public, and we will strive to promote this principle to China s lottery industry to ensure its healthy growth.
Our success lies in the efforts of our staff and the constant support of our Shareholders, business partners and customers. On behalf of the Board, I wish to thank everyone for their indispensable contribution to AGTech. We look forward to your continuing trust and support in our endeavour to be one of the key players of the lottery industry in China.

Hong Kong, 21 September 2009 