Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors of the Company (the Directors ), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2007.
Having officially changed our Company name in February this year, the new identification perfectly coincides with our successful transformation of the Group into a fully integrated solutions provider for the sports lottery market of the PRC. The importance of this change cannot be overlooked considering the vast opportunities that the PRC lottery industry presents. While Welfare Lottery and Sports Lottery were only introduced in China in 1987 and 1994 respectively, this combined area of businesses has expanded exponentially, reaching a compound annual growth rate of over 30 per cent during the past ten years, according to findings by China Center for Lottery Studies of Peking University, the PRC. In fact, Chinese lottery players spent over 70 billion yuan on lotteries for the year of 2005. However, what is more astonishing is the level of illegal betting that occurred in 2005, estimated at upwards of 700 billion yuan equivalent to approximately ten times the amount spent on state-run lotteries. Undoubtedly, the gaming market will grow even larger, spurred by the upcoming 2008 Beijing Olympic Games which will serve as catalyst for elevating the country s sports lottery industry to one of the largest in the world.
We are well-positioned to capture the enormous opportunities that exist, and we possess the technologies, experience, skills and creativity to assist authorised lottery operators in the PRC. The Group has also realised several significant partnerships which have further bolstered our capabilities. In January 2007, we successfully entered into an agreement to form a joint venture company with a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ladbrokes plc, one of the world s largest fixed odds betting companies and the largest betting shop chain operator in the United Kingdom, to co-develop lottery games through such joint venture company, Asia Gaming Technologies Limited. Two months later, we entered into an agreement to subscribe for an approximate 20.69% stake in NwmaSSOo gR gPlQ S (Shanghai Cardinfo Co., Ltd.), a subsidiary of -N WoN gPlQS (China UnionPay Company Limited), thereby allowing us to capitalise on their fixed-line telephone-based payment system with a view to pioneering and facilitating cashless lottery purchases by players. By May this year, we further reinforced our business platform by acquiring the entire issued share capital of SHINING CHINA INC, a company which (through its wholly- owned subsidiary) possesses management consultancy agreements with a sports lottery sales operator that is authorised by three provincial and municipal Sports Lottery Administration Centres ( SLACs ) in the PRC and also provides marketing strategy as well as advice on promotion and sales management among other expertise. In addition, our handheld lottery sales device, self-developed by SN_lyyb|vU gPlQS (Beijing Systek Science & Technology Development Co., Ltd), a subsidiary of the Company, will enable our customers (i.e. authorised lottery operators in the PRC) to sell lottery tickets where potential players congregate, such as leisure venues, as well as allowing such customers to directly reach players that were previously inaccessible due to location constraints. With the strength of new management, new business infrastructure, and the effective implementation of an organic growth strategy that is enhanced by strategic acquisitions, the Group maintains a positive outlook on the opportunities ahead.

While rolling out our newly established business lines and raising the profitability of the Group remain our first and foremost priorities, we will not renege on our commitment to society and will continue to introduce responsible games that allow the public to enjoy healthy and legitimate lottery entertainment that enriches their lives. Our products and services are aimed at assisting the PRC government to generate greater sports lottery revenue which is in turn used to support sports development as well as charities that help the needy, thereby bridging the divide between rich and poor. Such efforts are also consistent with our aspiration of bringing Fortune , Health , Happiness , Luck and Responsibility to society.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend my gratitude to our customers, suppliers, shareholders and business partners. Likewise, the management team and staff should be lauded for their tireless efforts.

Hong Kong, 24 September 2007 