Chairman s Statement 
The policy environment of the PRC lottery industry witnessed significant change during the year which contributed to a decline in annual lottery sales volume for the first time in a decade. Despite these developments, the PRC remains one of the world s largest lottery markets and was able to record its second highest ever sales volume of approximately RMB368 billion in 2015. This led to good causes payments for the year of approximately 
In April 2015, an announcement by the MOF and seven other ministries of the PRC government (the Announcement of Eight Ministries ) promulgated that lottery sales through online channels could only be conducted through licensed online distributors approved by the MOF. We understand that a major reason for the Announcement of Eight Ministries was to allow for regulation of sales and distribution of lottery games through online channels in the PRC. As such, we view the policy developments of 2015 as positive for both the industry and our Company. We believe that the PRC lottery market is poised to undergo a period of technological enhancement combined with a significant expansion of its player base through new forms of distribution (including, subject to approval, mobile and internet distribution channels).
Subsequent to the end of the 2015 reporting period, as disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 4 March 2016, on 4 March 2016, the Company had entered into a subscription agreement under which Ali Fortune Investment Holding Limited ( Ali Fortune ) (a company indirectly owned as to 60% by Alibaba Group Holding Limited ( Alibaba ) and as to 40% by Zhejiang Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd. ( Ant Financial )) will subscribe for approximately HK$2.4 billion of new shares and convertible bonds in AGTech. Upon completion of the transaction, AGTech will become the exclusive lottery business platform of Alibaba and Ant Financial and Ali Fortune will become the Company s largest Shareholder. If completed, we believe that the transaction will enhance AGTech s technical ability to develop and expand our existing lottery business and in particular we expect that our mobile and internet lottery business will benefit from significant potential synergies resulting from the cooperation of the Group with Alibaba and Ant Financial. After completion of the transaction, I will continue to serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director and Chairman of the Board.

During the financial year under review, Group revenue rose to HK$301.6 million (2014: HK$211.1 million) while gross profit maintained at HK$69.2 million (2014: HK$69.6 million).
Our balance sheet remains strong. At the end of 2015, we had net bank balances and cash of HK$224.7 million.
Policy development plays a crucial role in facilitating the stable development of the PRC lottery industry. We expect that during 2016 the PRC lottery industry will see further significant policy developments including the introduction of relevant laws and regulations (particularly related to internet and mobile distribution) which will further regulate and professionalise lottery supervision. Thanks to many years of accurately interpreting national regulations and policies, AGTech has successfully grasped industry trends and formulated a corresponding, long-term strategy for business development. Providing full-service solutions across game software and systems, hardware and distribution, we are a fully integrated lottery technology and service provider. We have a track record of working with international lottery technology and services companies to localise and customise games for the PRC, setting us apart in a market where the demand for sophisticated technology is rising with respect to new games, systems, hardware and distribution channels. We believe that the Group is very well placed to capture opportunities arising from the evolution of PRC lottery policy.
The Group has been closely monitoring policy developments with respect to the government approval of lottery sales via internet and mobile channels for many years. In light of the proven potential of the mobile and internet channels and the reported comments of senior Lottery Agency and regulator officials at a recent annual lottery strategy meeting regarding the lottery s active pursuit of preparatory work for an internet sales pilot scheme, we believe that new online and mobile channels for lottery sales in the PRC are likely to be approved.
We believe that any new games and systems that will be approved for online sales will require robust and scalable technology in order to deliver effective and efficient monitoring and control systems. We consider that the Group is well positioned to participate in these areas.

Our proprietary in-store games, Lucky Racing Game and e-Ball Lottery, remain successful. Due to the decline in national lottery sales of the traditional lottery products seen during 2015, we anticipate an increased urgency within the lottery to push new products to the stores and we believe that this will likely lead to both Lucky Racing Game and e-Ball Lottery expanding beyond their launch provinces in due course.
On the topic of hardware, we believe that developments in the PRC lottery market are likely to demand new and more sophisticated hardware solutions that can be deployed as bundled products involving the supply of hardware that is integrated with lottery games and underlying supporting systems and which would benefit from a revenue sharing model. In light of our leading positions in point of sale and handheld terminals as well as our first class international partnerships and long track-record in the PRC lottery market, we believe that AGTech is very well positioned to take advantage of such new opportunities in hardware.
As a group with a strong sense of corporate and social responsibility, AGTech will continue to live by its core corporate values of enriching society through Fortune , Health , Happiness , Luck and Responsibility . In addition to developing games that provide responsible lottery entertainment to the public, we will respond proactively to the possible social problems arising from obsession with lottery. In this respect, I take the opportunity to remind our Shareholders that in line with the Group s past practice, all of our lottery businesses in the PRC have been conducted in full compliance with all relevant lottery regulations in the PRC including obtaining approval from relevant government authorities, where applicable.

In conclusion, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all of my colleagues for their dedication and hard work. My warmest thanks also go to our board members, management team, Shareholders, business partners and customers for their indispensable contribution and continuing support of AGTech. I look forward to your continued trust and support as we help to deliver a very bright future for AGTech and the entire PRC lottery industry.

Hong Kong, 18 March 2016 
Lottery wins are perceived as a token of luck , and it is one of our core corporate values to bring such luck to China s lottery players and society through our products.

