Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the annual results of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2008.
Over the past financial year, we have significantly strengthened our presence in the PRC by applying our expertise in lottery software, hardware and professional services to the best effect. We have been able to successfully tap into a lottery market that is continuing to expand rapidly, spurred in part by the PRC government s resolve to stamp out illegal gambling activities within the country. With China s robust economic health helping to enhance the well-being of the general public, still larger segments of the population are expected to take part in the country s sports lotteries an area that we are primarily focused on and excel in.
We have been very successful in capturing fresh opportunities thanks to our inherent capabilities in the fields of lottery retail management consultancy, sales and marketing knowhow for retail chains and shops and our technical competence in the provision of lottery systems, games and sales terminals. Most notably, we have successfully established ties with one of China s largest consumer goods retail chains, China Coop (details of which are contained in the sub-section headed Retail chain management and marketing consultancy of the Corporate Profile section in this report). Possessing some 400,000 sales outlets across the country primarily supermarkets and mini-market stores China Coop will seek our advice on the sale of both sports and welfare lottery products across its extensive network. Securing this significant management consultancy agreement with China Coop will allow us to maintain a prominent position in the lottery retail chain management 
In addition to realising the aforesaid opportunity, 2008 also saw the Group enter into China s sports lottery instant tickets ( Instants ) market. Having previously been suspended, Instants are again on sale in the country s sports lottery market and have received a highly favourable public response. Thus far, we have secured management and marketing consultancy agreements with provincial SLACs and operators that sell Instants in the provinces of Jiangsu, Hunan, Jiangxi, Anhui and Gansu.
Constantly seeking to break new ground, and thereby create fresh opportunities for the Group, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Beijing Systek Science & Technology Development Co., Ltd. ( Beijing Systek ), has been involved in developing innovative technologies including a handheld mobile lottery sales terminal. The significance of this terminal is its ability to reduce capital and operational expenses while reaching untapped player populations. Beijing Systek is also involved in evaluating game, system and equipment products from international companies, determining their suitability for the PRC s sports lottery market. Apart from the development of new lottery games and technologies, the Group has also secured agreements with provincial SLACs to supply conventional sports lottery sales terminals in Hunan and 
While making progress on the business front, we are also committed to advancing AGTech on a societal level. Abiding by our core corporate values of enriching society through Fortune , Health , Happiness , Luck , and Responsibility , we will continue to develop games that provide responsible lottery entertainment, and will seek to instil a similar mindset in China s lottery industry so that the industry can develop in a healthy manner. As a further means of strengthening our relationship with society, we will continue to assist the Chinese government in appraising new forms of games as well as methods for combating illegal gambling activities so that greater revenue can be generated and subsequently used in sports and welfare related initiatives.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend my gratitude to our customers, suppliers, shareholders and business partners for their continuous support. I would further wish to offer praise to the management team and staff for their tireless 
Hong Kong, 23 September 2008 