Chairman s Statement 
Year 2011 has been a year of tremendous development for the Group in that it has successfully completed the puzzle by launching the first legitimate rapid-draw virtual sports lottery platform and its initial game, named Lucky Racing , in China. In addition, the Group has completed the acquisitions of Silvercreek and GOT. Through years of efforts, the Group has achieved its goal to bring together international and domestic industry expertise, technologies, management, skills and infrastructures and become the largest professional services provider in China s sports lottery market (in terms of business scope and geographic coverage) as well as the largest sports lottery terminal and system provider in the PRC.
At the beginning of this year, upon the approval of the State Council, principals from the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Civil Affairs and the General Administration of Sport of China have signed an order to release the Implementing Rules for the Regulations on the Administration of Lotteries (the Rules ), which has come into force on 1 March 2012. The Rules with six chapters and 64 articles further detail all the provisions of the Regulations on the Administration of Lotteries and clarify lottery management responsibilities, lottery issuance and distribution, lottery drawing and prize settlement, lottery fund management and so on. In particular, the Rules clearly define welfare lotteries, sports lotteries and lottery games issued and sold without the approval of the Ministry of Finance and welfare lotteries and sports lotteries sold without the commission from lottery issuance and sales agencies as illegal lotteries . Not only does the release of the Rules confirm the determination of the central government to crack down on illegal lotteries, but it also indicates that the Chinese government will start to deal with the issuance of licenses for online and mobile lottery distribution. It is undoubtedly great news for the Group, which has been providing legitimate lottery products and services in compliance with the regulations and rules of the Chinese government since 2007 when it was engaged in China s lottery industry. Also, it brings about great business opportunities for the development of online and mobile lotteries for the industry in the future. AGTech has been paying close attention to the new policy change of the government and seeks to develop various cooperation relationships from time to time in order to strengthen its technology development capability, team expertise and project operation experience, thereby being well equipped to react promptly when opportunities arise. Currently, AGTech is qualified to apply for the related licenses and is well positioned to capture such huge market opportunities.

During the financial year under review, there was significant improvement in the Group s financial performance. The Group recorded an operating profit of approximately HK$7,300,000 (2010: approximately HK$700,000). It reflected that the Group has successfully laid a good foundation by continuously adopting stringent cost control measures, streamlining operations and increasing productivity, thereby strengthening its leading position in sports lottery in the PRC. Revenue of the Group increased to approximately HK$111,300,000 (2010: approximately HK$105,100,000). Gross profit also rose to approximately HK$73,500,000 (2010: approximately HK$64,400,000) with gross profit margin rising from 61.2% in 2010 to 66.0% in 2011.
The Board believes that year 2012 will be a year of business growth for the Group. First of all, following the successful launch of Lucky Racing virtual sports betting in Hunan province, the Group expects a further rollout of the game to more provinces across China and through other more innovative distribution channels. Secondly, the Group will continue to seek the opportunities to develop and introduce more exciting new games and contents to the Chinese sports lottery market. Thirdly, the Group has been eyeing on the prospective online and mobile lottery distribution business and is well equipped to react quickly in response to any new development of government policies. Furthermore, the Group will endeavor to expand the existing sales networks of GOT by utilising its strong overseas lottery and gaming networks. Coupled with continuing revenue growth driven by existing lottery business and the synergistic benefits brought about by new lottery projects, the business outlook of the Group remains positive for year 2012.
As a lottery enterprise with strong sense of corporate social responsibility, AGTech will continue to live up to its core corporate values of enriching society through Fortune , Health , Happiness , Luck and Responsibility . In addition to developing games that provide responsible lottery entertainment to the public, we will respond proactively to the possible social problems arising from obsession with lottery. We have, since 2007, implemented a series of responsible lottery measures to provide lottery players with information and counseling on responsible lottery, with a view to ensure healthy and steady growth for China s lottery industry. Furthermore, we will continue to sponsor charity and sport events in China so as to fulfill our corporate social responsibility and contribute to 
Last but not least, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all our colleagues for their dedication and hard work. My warmest thanks also go to our board members, management team, Shareholders, business partners and customers for their indispensable contribution and continuing support to AGTech. I believe that, with the continuing consolidation of AGTech s business foundation, breakthroughs will be achieved in its future development and we look forward to your continued trust and support in our future endeavors.

Hong Kong, 23 March 2012 