Chairman s Statement 
Mr. Jos Manuel dos Santos 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present to our shareholders the first annual report of the Group for financial year ended 30th June 2004.

Albeit operating in a highly competitive environment, capitalizing on robust business activities in Macao, the Group reported total turnover of HK$10.5 million for the financial year ended 30th June 2004. With the Group still at its growing stage, thus significant investment has to be made on research and development to create a series of Mega branded solutions and to establish a wide and efficient distribution network, the Group reported a net loss of HK$6.6 million for the year.

During the year, we continued to enrich our product portfolio to better cater the needs of our targeted 
enhancing the features and functionalities of our existing solutions, such as incorporating bar code recognition and OCR on numbering to MegaImage ; adding new applications to our portfolio of Mega branded solutions, such as MegaDMS and 
integrating compatible applications to form complete and complementary solutions, such as integration of MegaERP and MegaECM .
In Macao, we are pleased that we successfully strengthened our tie with a very important customer the Government of Macao, with contracts secured from IACM, and Polcia Judiciria, the police bureau. Not only have we built a reputation within the Government of Macao, thus allowing us to further penetrate into other departments, but also offered strong reference sites for future marketing and promotion of the Group s solutions to other customers.
In the PRC, to ensure that the applications of the Group are promoted and distributed via the most efficient channel, we continued to expand our distribution network by entering into alliances with reputable equipment vendors and collaboration arrangements with resellers. Today, our distribution network covers the northern, southern and eastern regions of the PRC.

BUILDING OUR FOUNDATION ON FOUR SIMPLE PRINCIPLES To successfully compete in the enterprise market, we will continue to conduct our business based on four simple, but vital, principles: Selection To become the preferred provider of enterprise solutions, we will continue to expand and strengthen our product offerings by investing in our research and development teams for innovative value- added software applications. We will also integrate compatible and complementary applications, both in- house developed products and applications of external vendors, to form total solutions to increase the marketability of our products and to differentiate us from other players in the market.
Quality Services We are committed to providing quality solutions and services to our customers. In addition to providing applications that best fit their requirements, we are also committed to providing smooth system commissioning and strong after-sales support services.
Value Our customers base, comprising of mobile service bureaus, telecommunications service providers and government authorities, are our primary assets. Therefore, we are committed to providing optimal solutions and services to our customers at competitive prices.
Investing in People People are the building blocks of the Group. Hence, we will continue to look for qualified and talented professionals to join us and provide opportunities for our staff to excel in their technical knowledge, encouraging them to participate in professional seminars or providing them with on-the- 
MegaInfo is still at its growing stage. We will continue to work towards achieving our goal to become a leading provider of enterprise solutions and a preferred and trusted partner of our customers by strengthening and expanding our product offerings with more and improved applications and creating a powerful distribution network for the products of the Group.

Finally, both the Board and I would like to take this opportunity to thank all our employees for their contribution to the Group s performance. We would also like to extend our gratitude to our customers for choosing the Group as your provider of enterprise solutions, and last but not least, to our shareholders for their continued support and confidence in the Group.
Jos Manuel dos Santos 
Hong Kong, 25th September, 2004 