Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors of the Company (the Directors ), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2006.
The 20052006 financial year marked a year of significant growth as well as transition to the new management for the Group. First of all, we are encouraged by the tremendous improvement in the turnover of the Group which reached a record high of approximately HK$69.4 million (representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 385.7%), and the reduction of the net loss of the Group from approximately HK$22.6 million last year to approximately HK$2.8 million this year. Such improvements in the financial results of the Group underline our continuous focus and efforts in capitalising on business opportunities arising from the booming economy in Macao. Indeed, we are proud that we have successfully completed a wide variety of landmark projects in Macao during the year under review, ranging from projects for the East Asian Games and the provision of various systems and applications to governmental bodies, to the provision of various extra-low voltage systems for a number of gaming and hotel operators as a result of the burgeoning growth of the hotel and gaming sector in Macao.
In addition, on 13 June 2006, the controlling shareholder of the Company was changed to MAXPROFIT GLOBAL INC and new directors were appointed to the Company with effect from 19 July 2006. Under the leadership of new management who have diverse management experiences and business networks, the Group is well-positioned to take on new initiatives and make breakthroughs in the future.
As an information technology business, the success of our Group lies with our ability to continuously introduce new products and expand our valued-added services to our customers. To this end, the new management team of the Company has been conducting a review of the business operations and financial position of the Group for the purpose of formulating business plans and strategies for its future business development. Subject to the conclusion of such review and should suitable investments or business opportunities arise, the Board may consider diversifying the business of the Group with a view to expanding its range of products and services and hence broadening its income source.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude to all our customers, suppliers, shareholders and fellow employees for their continued support over the year and to all former Directors for their contributions to the Group in the past.

Hong Kong, 18 September 2006 