Chairman s Statement 
2013 was a momentous year for the Group that saw strategic delivery in a number of 
In our Gaming Technologies division, 2013 saw the launch of our second virtual sports game, e-Ball Lottery, turning our vision for virtual sports as a fully accepted, high growth, multi-product game category in China into a reality. e-Ball Lottery, which is a football themed virtual sports lottery game, joins the Group s exceptionally popular and highly successful motor racing themed Lucky Racing Game as only the second nationally- approved, rapid-draw, fixed-odds virtual sports lottery game in China. e-Ball Lottery was launched in China s largest sports lottery province, Jiangsu, in November 2013 and has been classified by the National Sports Lottery Administration Centre as a sports betting game and accordingly operates with a 69% payout ratio, the highest payout category in China. The launch of the game went smoothly and, like Lucky Racing Game, we expect that e-Ball Lottery will roll-out nationally in due course. In the hardware side of our Gaming Technology division, GOT was named as an approved supplier in the China sports lottery supplier selection process which was concluded in May 2013. We are encouraged that GOT has successfully participated in most of the provincial tenders during the new replacement cycle. In addition, GOT delivered its first ever batch of terminals to the South African gaming market. This deal created history since it marked the first ever international lottery hardware sale in China.
We were pleased to see that the performance of our partner and main client, the China sports lottery, was even stronger in 2013 than the prior year with an annual growth of approximately 20%. In order to maintain and improve on this rate of growth, we believe that regulatory change will be required and we anticipate that this will lead to the roll-out of new products as well as the development of remote distribution channels. Our Virtual Sports, lottery terminals and Online and Mobile Lottery businesses are poised to grasp the opportunities from these trends and development.
Although major strategic strides have been made during the period, the benefits are not yet fully reflected in the Group s financial performance. As such, during the financial year under review, Group revenue and gross profit declined to approximately HK$208,400,000 (2012: approximately HK$229,300,000) and approximately HK$91,300,000 (2012: approximately HK$101,600,000), respectively. We ended 2013 with a robust balance sheet. The Group has no borrowings and a cash balance of approximately HK$286,500,000, thanks in part to the share placing carried out in May 2013.

The Board believes that 2014 will be a year of growth for the Group. Firstly, as expected, during the course of 2013 our partners at the sports lottery made major strides in completing the next generation national high frequency game platform that will carry our Lucky Racing game. Accordingly, the Group expects the game to be promoted to more provinces during this year. Secondly, the Group expects e-Ball Lottery to successfully roll-out in Jiangsu province during this year, paving the way for a national deployment in due course. Thirdly, the Group continues to closely monitor the prospective online and mobile lottery system and distribution business and is well equipped to react quickly in response to any new development of government policies.
Such developments will bring opportunities in terms of our approved content (games) in online and mobile distribution. Fourthly, in the GOT division, the Group will continue to capitalise on the anticipated terminal replacement cycle in sports lottery, continue its overseas expansion and look to broaden its product range to VLTs. Finally, through its relationship with strategic shareholder, the Group will continue to explore business opportunities in Macau.
As a group with a strong sense of corporate and social responsibility, AGTech will continue to live by its core corporate values of enriching society through Fortune , Health , Happiness , Luck and Responsibility . In addition to developing games that provide responsible lottery entertainment to the public, we will respond proactively to the possible social problems arising from obsession with lottery. Since 2007, we have implemented a series of responsible lottery measures to provide all lottery players with information and counseling on responsible lottery, with a view to ensuring healthy and steady growth for China s lottery industry. We will continue to sponsor charity and sports events in China so as to fulfill our corporate and social responsibility objectives and contribute to the community.
In conclusion, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all of my colleagues for their dedication and hard work. My warmest thanks also go to our board members, management team, Shareholders, business partners and customers for their indispensable contribution and continuing support of AGTech. I believe that AGTech has a very bright future and I look forward to your continued trust and support as we deliver this bright future, together.

Hong Kong, 24 March 2014 
Lottery wins are perceived as a token of luck , and it is one of our core corporate values to bring such luck to China s lottery players and society through our products.

