Chairman s Statement 
H L KAM Chairman 
Looking ahead, we will further capture organic growth from our flagship asset Beijing Oriental Plaza through implementing active asset management and enhancement programmes.
The acquisition of Metropolitan Plaza in Chongqing represented an important milestone for Hui Xian REIT, expanding its presence beyond Beijing and Shenyang.
Our mission in 2015 is to integrate this newly acquired asset into our portfolio.
With our proven track record in Beijing Oriental Plaza, we will leverage our experience and existing resources to achieve strong synergistic benefits between two assets.

I am pleased to report the annual results of Hui Xian REIT for the financial year ended 31 December 2014 ( Reporting Period ). The amount available for distribution for the Reporting Period grew 8.0% year-on-year to RMB1,364 million.
Distribution per unit ( DPU ) increased 4.6% year-on-year to RMB0.2567, representing a distribution yield of 7.38% based on the closing unit price of RMB3.48 on 31 December 2014.
RESULTS AND DISTRIBUTION During the Reporting Period, total revenue increased 3.1% year-on-year to RMB2,795 million. Net property income ( NPI ) recorded a 5.0% year-on-year growth to RMB1,852 million. Gross asset value was up by 3.7% year-on-year to RMB42,228 million. Net asset value attributable to unitholders grew 2.1% year-on-year to RMB28,564 million.
The amount available for distribution continued its growth track and increased 8.0% year-on-year to RMB1,364 million. The distributions to unitholders of Hui Xian REIT ( Unitholders ) for the year was RMB1,350 million.
The DPU for the second half of the year was RMB0.1296 based on the payout ratio of 98%.
Together with the interim DPU of RMB0.1271 (the payout ratio for the first half of 2014 was 100%), the total DPU for the year increased 4.6% year-on-year to RMB0.2567. The payout ratio for the entire year was calculated as 99%.
Based on the closing unit price of RMB3.48 on 31 December 2014, the distribution yield was 7.38%.
MAJOR ACQUISITION ANNOUNCED On 10 November 2014, Hui Xian REIT announced the acquisition of Metropolitan Plaza, an iconic mixed- use development in Jiefangbei Central Business District of Chongqing, China. It comprises an approximately 90,000-square metre shopping mall, over 54,000 square metres of Grade A office space and a 353-space car park.
The total Gross Floor Area ( GFA ) is approximately 164,000 square metres.
The acquisition was approved by the independent Unitholders in an Extraordinary General Meeting held on 28 November 2014, and is expected to be completed in early March 2015.
This yield-accretive acquisition marks a transformational milestone for Hui Xian REIT, bringing meaningful growth to its portfolio and value. Upon completion, Hui Xian REIT s footprint will be expanded to over 1,030,000 square metres of area under management across three key cities of China.
OFFSHORE RMB MARKET DEVELOPMENT Remarkable progress has been seen in the progress of RMB internationalisation and development of offshore RMB market in Hong Kong in recent years, including the successful listing of the RMB-denominated Hui Xian REIT.
Starting from 17 November 2014, the Hong Kong authorised institutions could conduct RMB currency conversions with Hong Kong residents without applying the daily limit of RMB20,000 per person. We believe the removal of 
the daily conversions limit will facilitate Hong Kong retail investors participation in investments and transactions denominated in RMB, including Hui Xian REIT. Together with the newly introduced Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect , Hong Kong s position as an offshore RMB business centre will be further strengthened. We believe all these developments would be positive for the prospects of Hui Xian REIT.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT IN CHINA In 2014, China s gross domestic product ( GDP ) expanded by 7.4% year-on-year to RMB63.65 trillion according to National Bureau of Statistics. The country s total retail sales of consumer goods increased 11.9% from a year earlier to RMB26.24 trillion. Beijing s GDP registered a year-on-year growth of 7.3% to RMB2.13 trillion according to Beijing 
As at 31 December 2014, Hui Xian REIT s portfolio comprises two properties: (1) Oriental Plaza, a 800,000-square metre mixed-use development in Beijing (which consists of The Malls, The Tower Offices, The Tower Apartments and Grand Hyatt Beijing); and (2) Sofitel Shenyang Lido, a five-star hotel in Shenyang. The appraised value of Hui Xian REIT s properties was RMB37,600 million as at 31 December 2014.
Hui Xian REIT s retail and office sectors achieved steady business growth. The serviced apartment reported a slight decline, while hotel sector continued to encounter unfavourable market conditions.
Total revenue of Hui Xian REIT s portfolio rose 3.1% year-on-year to RMB2,795 million; and NPI increased 5.0% year- on-year to RMB1,852 million.

During 2014, Beijing s urban disposable income per capita grew 8.9% year-on-year and retail sales of consumer goods surged 8.6% year-on-year to RMB910 billion.
The Central Government s ongoing campaign against extravagance has continued to impact the luxury retail industry across China. Affordable luxury brands, in the meantime, are continuing to open and expand their stores in China to capture the country s rapidly emerging middle class. A number of new shopping malls have also opened in Beijing in 
The Malls at Oriental Plaza is strategically located in the heart of Wangfujing, one of Beijing s most famous shopping and tourist precincts. The 130,000-square metre mall, featuring an extensive array of products and culinary choices, which ranges from mass market to luxury brands, is very popular among both retailers and shoppers. Leasing demand for The Malls continued to be strong, thus both occupancy and rental rates were maintained at high levels during the Reporting Period.
The retail portfolio s NPI increased 6.1% year-on-year to RMB910 million. The average monthly passing rent was up by 5.7% year-on-year to RMB1,094 per square metre. Rental reversion was 7.7%. The average occupancy rate was 
As the capital city of the world s second largest economy, Beijing remains as a preferred office location for major multinational and domestic corporations. Demand for quality office space was firm in 2014.
The Tower Offices at Oriental Plaza provides over 309,000 square metres of Grade A office space in eight blocks.
Occupancy rate and rental revenue were higher than the same period of last year as strong leasing demand continued to characterise the market.
The office portfolio s NPI was RMB770 million, an increase of 13.0% over 2013. The average monthly passing rent increased 9.4% year-on-year to RMB255 per square metre. The average monthly spot rent was up by 12.0% year- on-year to RMB286 per square metre. Rental reversion was 16.2%. The average occupancy rate was 96.2%.
Serviced Apartment Portfolio Leasing demand for well-located luxury serviced apartments in Beijing was stable during the Reporting Period.
Conveniently located in the centre of Beijing, The Tower Apartments at Oriental Plaza offers over 600 well-appointed serviced apartments over two blocks. During the Reporting Period, the average occupancy rate was improved to 87.8% from 82.3% a year ago. The NPI, nevertheless, registered a slight decrease of 0.8% year-on-year to RMB62 million, mainly due to higher operating expenses.

In 2014, the Central Government s ongoing policy of restrictions on luxury spending continued to impose challenges to the hotel industry across China. This led to the cancellation or scaling down of corporate entertainment and banquets, business meetings and government-driven events, putting downward pressure on both room rates and occupancy level. It is not expected that the anti-extravagance policy will change in the near to medium term.
Hui Xian REIT s hotel portfolio consists of two five-star hotels: Grand Hyatt Beijing at Oriental Plaza and Sofitel Shenyang Lido. The NPI decreased by 32.2% year-on-year to RMB110 million during the Reporting Period.

In 2014, commercial activities and the MICE (meetings, incentives, conferences and exhibitions) market in Beijing started to show signs of mild stabilisation. Grand Hyatt Beijing s average occupancy rate increased slightly to 55.9% compared to 54.3% a year ago. The average room rate, nevertheless, has not recovered and declined by 9.1% year- on-year to RMB1,587. Revenue per available room ( RevPAR ) was down 6.4% year-on-year to RMB887.
The competition amongst upscale hotels in Shenyang remained intense throughout 2014 due to the abundant room supply and soft demand. During the Reporting Period, Sofitel Shenyang Lido s average room rate per night decreased 21.5% year-on-year to RMB534. RevPAR dropped 32.1% year-on-year to RMB192. The average occupancy rate 
Asset enhancement is an ongoing process for Hui Xian REIT to further improve the assets quality and revenues.
During the Reporting Period, we continued to implement asset enhancement programmes for The Malls and The Tower Offices at Oriental Plaza, as well as the two hotels.
We recognise the importance of providing a healthy environment for our tenants, shoppers and hotel guests. To address the concerns of air quality issue in Beijing, PM2.5 air-purification systems have now been installed in all four sectors of Oriental Plaza, including the mall, offices, serviced apartments and Grand Hyatt Beijing.
STRONG FINANCIAL POSITION Hui Xian REIT has maintained a strong financial position during the Reporting Period. As at 31 December 2014, bank balances and cash on hand amounted to RMB4,795 million and debts totalled RMB3,867 million. Debts to gross asset value ratio was 9.2%. Hui Xian REIT has strong financial capacity and flexibility to seize investment opportunities when they arise.

Looking ahead, we will further capture organic growth from our flagship asset Beijing Oriental Plaza through implementing active asset management and enhancement programmes. We remain confident in the prospects of the retail and office markets in selected cities of China; we have also seen signs of stabilisation in the hotel industry.
The acquisition of Metropolitan Plaza in Chongqing represented an important milestone for Hui Xian REIT, expanding its presence beyond Beijing and Shenyang. Our mission in 2015 is to integrate this newly acquired asset into our portfolio. With our proven track record in Beijing Oriental Plaza, we will leverage our experience and existing resources to achieve strong synergistic benefits between two assets. Establishing a portfolio of two landmark commercial properties in key cities in China would certainly enhance our appeal and negotiation power in recruiting tenants.
We will continue to expand our portfolio by actively pursuing yield-accretive investments, which can provide attractive long-term cash flows and benefits for the Unitholders.

It is our intention to rebrand the Metropolitan Plaza as Metropolitan Oriental Plaza , signifying the first step of Hui Xian REIT s long-term plan of establishing a portfolio of strategically located large-scale projects across different cities in China under the Oriental Plaza brand, leveraging the prestigious brand recognition of Beijing Oriental Plaza.
Most importantly, we believe the expansion of the Oriental Plaza brand beyond the capital city would be a thriving opportunity for Hui Xian REIT and will bode well for its future prospects.
On behalf of the Manager, I would like to take this opportunity to express our heartfelt thanks to all Unitholders and the Trustee for their continued support rendered to Hui Xian REIT.
H L KAM 
Hui Xian Asset Management Limited (as manager of Hui Xian Real Estate Investment Trust) Hong Kong, 27 February 2015 
